THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Vol. 44.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 20th, 1788,

In the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

DECEMBER the 10th, 1789,

In the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

---

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

i — u.

Mfcmbert assemble.

Mr. Speaker called to the Chair.

Writs i(Tutd ia Recefi.

Jovtiy 20° die Novembris }

Anno 29* Georgii III*" Regis, 1788.

THE Parliament Having been* upon the 25th Day of September last, prorogued to this Day, a great Number of Members assembled in the House.

And it being understood, That, in Consequence of His Majesty’s Indisposition, no Orders had been received from His Majesty, with respect either to the holding or further proroguing the Parliament on this Day;

Mr. Speaker was called to the Chair j and he took the Chair accordingly*

And several Members returned upon new Writs appearing at the Bar, in order to take their Seats;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That in pursuance of the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to " the Clerk of the Crown for making out Writs for " the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for substitut-if ing other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had ifiuedhis Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places j for the Borough of Saint German's, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Abel Smith, Esquire, deceased j for the Borough of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex in the room of Lieutenant General James Cunin^bame, deceased; for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Sir James Harris, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, now Baron Malmef-bury, in the County of Wilts, called up to the House of Peers j and for the Shire of Clackmannan, in the room of the Honourable Charles Cat heart, deceased.

A Member present, and several Members returned Memtxri take bpon hew Writs, took the Oaths, and made and sub- Oatlu. {bribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes $ and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House#e. House, That the State of His Majesty’s Health was quiimed with such, as, for the present, made it impossible for His *

Majesty’s Servants to receive His Commands; in con- n sequence of which the House was assembled without having had the usual Notice, by Proclamation, of a Meeting for the Dispatch of Business, and without there appearing any regular Authority either for opening the Session in the accustomed Manner, or for further proroguing the Parliament; and that, under thele Circumstances, he Should propose to the House, that at their Rifing this Day they should adjourn to this Day Fortnight j and also, that on that Day the House Should be called over.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House refoive* House this Day, adjourn till this Day Fortnight, the adjourn to 4th Day of December next. *4*

Ordered, That this House be then called over. - To be then Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Let- called ovef~ ters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 4th Day of December next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow , viz.

From the House of Commons, the 20th November 1788.

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you. That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament, on this Day Fortnightj and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of 1 this.

4 20° Novemlris — 40 Decenibris. A, 1788.

this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of thfe said House.

I am. Sir,

Your humble Servant,

C. Cornwall, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, the 2pth November 1788.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the'Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports to attend their Service in Parliament, on this Day Fortnight, Your Lordship will also be pleased to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost Respedt,

My Lord,

Your Lordship’s Most humble and obedient Servant,

(?./F. Cornwall, Speaker,

To the Right honourable Frederick Lord North, Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports,

And then the House adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 4th Day of December next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning,

tien, at the Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

At the Council Chamber, Whitehall, the 3rd of December 1788;

PRESENT,

The Lords of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Dr. Richard Warren called in, and sworn; and examined, as follows:

Jp. You are desired to acquaint this Board, whether the State of His Majesty’s Health is such as to render Him incapable of coming in Person to His Parliament, or of attending to any Kind of Public Business ?

A. Certainly incapable.

Q. What are the Hopes you entertain of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

A. The Probability of Cure can only'be determined, by past Experience, by which I learn, that the greater Number of Persons who have fallen into the same State in which His Majesty now is, including all the Species of the Disorder, have been cured.

Qj Can you form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Duration of His Majesty’s Illness ?

A. The Time necessary for obtaining the Cure cannot be ascertained.

govt's, 40 die Decembris.

Anno 290 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788,

PRAYERS.

Member* PEVERAL Members, returned upon new Writs, take oath*. took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the De-

claration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took apd subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

House acquainted with the Continuance of His Majesty* 111-ueU.

Examination of Hi* Physiciana delivered in.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer informed the House, That they were again assembled in the same pnhappy Circumstances which he had been under the melancholy Necessity of communicating at their last Meeting, the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness still preventing any Measures either for opening the Sieflion, or proroguing the Parliament, and rendering it for the present impossible for His Majesty Personally to attend to any Public Business — That in this Situation the Privy Council had thought it their Duty to call before them His Majesty’s Physicians, and examine them, on Oath, concerning the State of His Majesty’s Health; a Copy of which Examination he had in his Hand — That as he could in no other Way give the House any Information equally accurate and authentic on this important SuBjedt, and as he had the Permission and Direction of the Privy Council to tender this Paper to the House, he wished to know their Pleasure as to the Mode of communicating it; and if there appeared no Objcdtion in Point of Form, which he conceived there could not, he would propose to deliver it in at the Table, and move, that it might be read by the Clerk,

Which being agreed to by the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer accordingly deli-ycred in the said Paper, containing the said Examina-

Q. Whether, in that particular Species of the Disorder that His Majesty has fallen into, it has been found, from Experience, that the greater Number of Persons so affected have been cured ?

A. It is not in my Power to ascertain the Species, because no known Dillemper has preceded, that can account for it.

Whether, so far as Experience enables Dr. Warren to judge of His Majesty’s Disorder, he thinks it more probable that His Majesty will, or will not, recover, so as to render him capable of attending to Public Business ?

A. I have not, and I believe it is impossible for any one to have. Data sufficient for the Answer to this Question.

Q. What Degree of Experience has Dr. Warren had himself, or does he know others to have had, in this particular Species of Disorder ?

A.It has fallen to my Lot to fee a great Number of Persons, in the Course of Twenty-seven or Twenty-eight Years Practice, who have had the same Disorder with which His Majesty is now afflicted; I have generally attended them for a fiiort Space of Time, and have seen some of them get w-ell, sometimes under my foie Care, sometimes in Conjunction with Physicians who profess this Branch of Medicine only. It has frequently happened, but not always, that if the Patient did not soon get well, 1 left him under the Care of the Physicians who professed this particular Branch of Medicine only, who sometimes afterwards sent for me in Consultation.

Sir George Baker, Baronet, called in, and sworn s and examined, as follows;

You are desired to acquaint this Board, whether the State of His Majesty’s Health is such, as to render Him incapable of coming in Person to His Parliament, or of attending to any Kind of Public Business ?

A. His Majesty, in His present State, is unfit for any Public Business.

What are the Hope? you entertaiq of His Majesty’s Recovery ? '

A. The

A. The Hopes that I entertain of His Majesty’s Recovery depend upon the Experience of Physicians, particularly those who attend the Public Hospitals, by which we learn, that the greater Part of those who have been affected, as His Majesty now is, have been cured. f

£). Can you form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Duration of His Majesty’s Illness ?

A. 1 can form no Conjecture of the Duration of His Majesty’s Illness.

Sir Lucas Pepys, Baronet, called in, and sworn; -and examined, as follows:

You areddired to acquaint this Board, whether the State of His Majesty’s Health is such, as to render Him incapable of coming in Person to His Parliament, or of attending to any Kind of Public Business > 1

A. Undoubtedly the State of His Majesty’s Health is such.

ijj. What are the Hopes you entertain of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

A. There is a Probability of His Majesty’s Recovery.

4J. Does Sir Lucas Pepys found the Opinion, given in his Answer to the preceding Question, upon the particular Symptoms of His Majesty’s Disorder, or upon general Experience in other Cafes of the same Nature, or upon both ?

A. I do not found my Opinion of the Probability of His Majesty’s Recovery on any particular Symptom or Circumstance peculiar to the same of His Majesty, but on the general Consideration that the Majority of those who are afflicted with Symptoms of a similar Disorder do recover.

Q. Can you form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Duration of His Majesty’s Illness ?

A. It will be impossible to form any Opinion upon that. /

Q. What Degree of Experience has Sir Lucas Pepys tad himself, or does he know others to have had, of this particular Species of Disorder ?

A. I have occasionally attended Patients who have had a similar Disorder j but more frequently with those Physicians who have made it their particular Practice to attend such Patients.

DoCt T Henry Revel! Reynolds called in, and sworn;

and examined, as follows:

i^. You are desired to acquaint this Board, whether the State of His Majesty’s Health is such as to render Him incapable of coming in Person to His Parliament, or of attending to any Kind of Public Business ?

A. I think the State of His Majesty at present is such as will prevent Him from doing that.

4J. What are the Hopes you entertain of His Majesty's Recovery ?

A. I think that the Probability is in Favour of His Majesty’s Recovery.

i^. Does Dr. Reynolds found the Opinion given in his Answer to the preceding Question upon the particular Symptoms of His Majesty’s Disorder, or upon general Experience in other Cafes of the same Nature, or upon both ?

A. Upon general Experience — upon my own Experience, and upon the Experience of Gentlemen older in the Profession than myself, with whom I have conversed upon such Subjects.

Can Dr. Reynolds form any Judgment, or pro-

Vol. XLIV.

bable Conjecture, of the Diiration of His Majesty’s Illness ?

A. No, I cannot — It may be some Weeks — It may be some Months-»but it'is impossible to ascertain the Time.

Q. What Degree of Experience has Dr. Reynolds had himself, dr does he know others to have had, in this particular Species of Disorder ?

A. 1 have been very near Twenty Years in the Practice of my Profeflidn — I have seen several Persons afflicted with the Malady with which His Majesty is afflicted, both singly and in Consultation with Gentlemen who have dedicated themselves to that particular Branch.

Dr. Anthony Addington called in, and sworn; and examined, as follows:

Q You are desired to acquaint this Board, whether the State of His Majesty's Health is such as to render Him incapable of coming in Person to His Parliament, or of attending to any Kind of Public Business ?

A. Most certainly it is.

Q. What are the Hopes you entertain of His Majesty’s Recovery ?'

A. The same Hopes that I should have of any other Patient in whose Family this Disease is not Hereditary — His Majesty has no Symptom whatever, that I know of, but what I have seen in other Patients who have recovered.

Q. Can you form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Duration of His Majesty’s Illness ?

A. 1 protelt I cannot with any Kind of Certainty.

Whether, so far as Experience enables Dr. Act dington to judge of His Majesty’s Disorder, he thinks it more probable that His Majesty will or will not recover, so as to render Him capable of attending to Public Business ?

A. 1 Should think it more probable that His Majesty will recover, so as to be in Health, to enable Him to attend to Public Business — by which I mean in as good Health as He was before He had the Miffortune to labour under His present Illness.

What Degree of Experience has Dr. Addington had himself, or does he know others to have had, of this particular Species of Disorder ?

A.It is impossible to be a Physician for any Length of Time, without being concerned with Patients afflicted with this Disorder — They were so common in the Neighbourhood of Readinthat I built an House contiguous to my own Dwelling House for the Reception of such unfortunate Patients; in this House I had constantly Patients attended by myself every Day, unless I was ill, for Five Years — The House usually contained Eight or Ten such Patients — of those I believe 1 never saw an Instance of any (who wafc not reasonably deemed to be an Incurable before he or she were brought to my House) but what recovered within the Year, and many in much less Time — I never saw but Two Patients of my own confined longer than One Year — perhaps it may be material to say, that several of these Patients had been afflicted for Two or Three Years before they came into my House.

(A true Copy.)

Stepb. Cottrell.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

C The

House refolret to adjourn to Monday.

° Decembr

Cril adjourned.

ColchctUr WnU -

Wilt* Writ.

Members take

Odihi,

Committee ai i^mted to examine His M*jr(ty’iPhy-ikuna.

6 4° — 8° — IO

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Seven night.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve, in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Essex, in the room of Sir Edmund Affleck, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of , in the room of Charles Pcnruddoike, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunes, 8° die Decembris;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 178$.

Prayer 6.

SEVERAL Members returned upon new Writs took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Paper, containing a Copy of the Examination of His Majesty’s Physicians before the Privy Council, with respeck to the State of His Majesty’s Health j

The said Paper was again read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Physicians who have attended His Majesty during His Illness, touching the State of His Majesty’s Health, and to report such Examination to the House.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Twenty-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the "Lord North, the Right honourable William bam Grenville, the Right honourable Charles "James Box, the Mailer of the Rolls, the Right honourable Frederick Montagu, Mr. Attorney General, Robert Vyrter, Esquire, the Right honourable Henry Dundas, Thomas Powys, Esquire, Mr- Solicitor General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, fcfquire, William Hujfcy, Esquire, the Marquis of Graham, Lord Viscount B Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, William Wilberforce, Esquire, the Right honourable William Windham, Philip Esquire, and the Earl Gower, be the said Committee.

Ordered, That‘the said Committee have Power to fend for the said Physicians.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they find convenient; and to fit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That no Member of this House, but such as arc Members of the said Committee, be there present.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet immediately in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee. *

1788.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House icfoVe* House this Day, adjourn till Morning

next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to BramberWrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Daniel Pult Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Collector of the Customs in the Port of Rc/eau , in the Island of Dominica.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1 o° die Decembris;

Anno 29* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788.

Pra y ers.

A MEMBER returned upon a new Writ took Member take* the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.,

Mr.Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Report fro*» Committee, appointed to examine the Physicians who have attended His Majesty during His Illness, touch- examine Hit ing the State of His Majesty’s Health, and to report £*ai!ty’* such Examination to the House; That the Committee y tias" had examined the said Physicians j and had directed him to report such Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the said Physicians; which Examination is as follows:

Doctor Richard Warren called in, and examined*

Whether, in his Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health is, or is not, such as to render His Majesty incapable, either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

His Majesty’s State of Health is such as to render Him incapable of coming to Parliament, or attending Public Business.

What Hopes has Dr. Warren of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

The Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery must depend on the Probability of Cure; and that can only be judged of by what has happened to others in similar Cafes; and, as the Majority of others have recovered, there is a Probability that His Majesty may recover likewise.

Can Dr. Warren form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time which His Majesty’s Illness is likely to last ?

No.

What Degree of Experience has Dr. Warren had of the particular Species of Disorder with which His Majesty is afflicted ?

In the Course of 27 or 28 Years Practice I have seen many Persons disordered in a Manner similar to that of IJis Majesty; some have soon recovered under

3 my

29 Geo. III.

my foie Care j when that has not happened, I have always called in the Persons who make this Branch of Medicine their particular Study, and have sometimes attended in Coqjundtion with them, but have oftener left the Patients to their Care, and have afterwards attended in Consultation only, and in many Cafes not at all.

Whether, when Dr. Warren speaks of others in limilar Cafes to that of His Majesty, he means to include all the different Species of the Disorder, or to confine himself to that particular Species with which His Majesty is afflicted ?

I do not mean to confine myself to that particular Species with which His Majesty is afflicted* but to include all the different Species of the Disorder.

Can Dr. Warren state how many particular Species there are of this Disorder ?

No.

Can he state any distinct Species of the Difbtder ?

Yes — though the immediate Causes of this Disorder cannot be ascertained, yet some of the remote ones are well known. — Injuries received from Blows or Falls — sudden Affections of the Mind — the Effect of Fever. Besides these, there are several Internal Causes of this Disorder; namely, Exoftofes* Indurations, and Ill-Conformatiod of the Parts.

Whether this Disorder may not sometimes exist, when it cannot be referred to any of those Causes which Da-. Warren has specified ?

Yes.

Is His Majesty* Disorder, in your Opinion, refer-rible to any of the Causes enumerated By you j or can you assign any known Cause to which, in your Judgement, it is referrible ?

I cannot assign His Majesty's Malady to any Cause whatever, as I have not Data sufficient to ground an Answer upon.

In those Species of the Disorder* which are not referrible to any assignable Cause, is the Probability of "Cuteigreater or lefsthan the 'Probability estimated cm all the Species taken together ?

i cannot tell.

Can Dr. Warren state what the comparative Probability is, in -each of the Causes which he has assigned ?

The Disorder proceeding from External Injuries, such as Blows, is frequently cured if Medicine be ex-peditioufiy applied. When the Malady arises from sudden Affections of the Mind, it is very frequently cured — when from the Effect of Fever, it is oftener cured than when from any other Cause. — When the Malady proceeds from the(Internal Causes mentioned above, no Good can be done by Medicine.

Can Dr. Warren state what Proportion, of the whole Number of Persons afflicted with this Malady, have been so, owing to each of the Causes he has enumerated, and what Proportion, where it can be referred to no assignable Cause ?

I cannot state any precise Proportion j but, out of a great Number, there are very few Cafes where it is possible to ascertain that it proceeds from any af-signable Cause.

Is there any one of the particular Causes enumerated, to which Dr. Warren can say that the Disorder with which His Majesty is afflicted is not to be referred?

1 do not think His Majesty’s Disorder appears to proceed from any one of the Causes enumerated by me.

Cap Dr. Warren say with Certainty, whether His

1

Majesty’s Disorder may; or may not; have proceeded from Injury by Blows or Falls ?

I cannot.

C4n Dr; Warren say with Certainty; whether His Majesty’s Disorder may, or may not, have proceeded from sudden Affections of the Mind ?

I cannot.

Can Dr. Warren say with Certainty, whether His Majesty’s Disorder may, Or may not, have been the Effect of Fever ?

I can say with Certainty it has not.

Can Dr. Warren say with Certainty, whether His Majesty’s Disorder may, or may not, have proceeded from any of the Internal Causes he has mentioned ?

I cannot.

Whether, in those Species of the Disorder which cannot be referred to any assignable Cause, the Probability of Cure may not be various in different Cafes, according to the Symptoms of the particular Cafe, or the apparent Degree of the Disorder ?

I think not, unless Signs of Convalescence are coming on.

Whether the Knowledge of the remote Cause is of Assistance towards promoting the Cure ?

In many Cafes I think it is, but sometimes not.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, Dr. Warren fees any present Signs of Convalescence?

No.

Whether every Cure, in the same Person, of a Disorder which has returned, is included in the Calcubu tiens of the whole Number of Cures ?

I consider every same that comes as a new Cafe, and have included them in that Calculation; but believe that, excluding them, the Majority still are cured.

Whether, of those Persons whose Disorder cannot be referred io any assignable Cause, the greater Number have, or have not, been cured ?

I cannot answer that with Accuracy.

Has the greater Number of Men, that have been afflicted with this Disorder, recovered ?

Yes.

Has the greater Number of Persons recovered, whose Disorder has lasted, without Signs of Convalescence, as long as that of His Majesty has already done ?

Yes.

Withdraws.

Sir George Baker called in, and examined.

Whether, in your Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health is, or is not, such as to render His Majesty incapable, either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

I think that the State of His Majesty’s Health is such, as renders Him incapable of coming to Parliament, or of doing any other Public Business.

What Hopes has Sir George Baker of His Majesty’s Recovery?

I hope that His Majesty will recover, because I think it probable. My own Experience, and the Experience of other Physicians, leads me to think, that His Majesty’s Disorder is curable.

Can Sir George Baker form any Judgment, or pro-

bable Conjecture, of -the Time which His Majesty’s lllness is likely to last ?

I can form no Judgment or Conjecture as to the probable Duration of His Majesty’s Disorder.

What

«. „ 10° Decembris.

What Degree of Experience has Sir George Baker had of the particular Species of Disorder with which His Majesty is afflitted ?

I was formerly a Pupil of Dr. who attended

an Hospital, where I had an Opportunity of seeing many Instances of this Disorder. I have likewise had private Patients, from Time to Time, under that Disorder; but whenever the Disorder has been of some Continuance, I have desired the Assistance of Physicians who particularly attended Persons so disordered.

Whether Sir George Baker founds his Opinion, in his Answer to the Second Question, upon the particular Symptoms of His Majesty’s Cafe, or upon his Experience of the Disorder in general, or upon both ?

Upon my Experience of the Disorder in general.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, Sir George Baker fees any present Signs of Convalescence ?

I do not ice any present Signs of Convalescence.

Whether Sir George Baker learns from Experience, that the greater Number of Persons, who have been afflicted with this Disorder, have recovered ?

Upon general Experience, the greater Part have recovered.

Whether every Cafe, in the same Person, of a Disorder which has returned, is included in the Calculation of the whole Number of Cures ?

I will not undertake to answer that Question.

Has the greater Number of Men, that have been aJHi&ed with this Disorder, recovered ?

1 think so.

Has the greater Number of Persons recovered, whose Disorder has lasted, without Signs of Convalescence, as long as that of His Majesty has already done ?

Yes, I can answer that in the Affirmative.

Was Sir George Baker in Attendance upon His Majesty, as His Physician, previous to His being afflicted with His present Disorder ?

Yes.

Whether Sir George Baker can assign any known Cause, to which, in his Judgment, His Majesty’s present Disorder is referrible ?

1 can assign no known Cause to which His Majesty’s present Disorder is referrible.

Was the Attack of His Majesty’s Disorder sudden, or gradual ?

Sudden.

When did that Attack take Place ?

The first Suspicion 1 had of this Disorder, was in the Evening of Wednesday% the aid of October last.

Whether any Fever, or other Complaint, had preceded that Attack ?

There had been Fever, and other Complaints; but on that Morning His Majesty had no Fever.

Whether, in Cafes where the Attack has been sudden, the Recovery has been sudden also ?

My Observations on this Disorder do not enable me to answer that Question.

Withdraws.

The Reverend Doctor Francis Willis called in, and examined.

Whether, in his Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health is, or is not, such as to render His Majesty incapable, either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

He certainly is not capable.

What Hopes has Dr Willis of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

1 have great Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery. If it were any other Person but His Majesty, I should scarce entertain a Doubt: When His Majesty reflects upon an lllness of this Kind, it may depress His Spirits, and retard His Cure more than a common Person.

Can Dr. Willis form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time which His Majesty’s lllness is likely to last ?

I cannot.

What Degree of Experience has Dr. Willis had of the particular Species of Disorder with which His Majesty is afflicted ?

A great deal, for a8 Years; I imagine I have never had less than Thirty Patients every Year of the Time.

Whether Dr. Willis founds his Opinion, in his Answer to the Second Question, upon the particular Symptoms of His Majesty’s Cafe, or upon his Experience of the Disorder in general, or upon both ?

Upon both.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, Dr. Willis fees any present Signs of Convalescence ?

I cannot say that I do; at the same Time there is every Thing leading towards it, as the Irritation has in a great Measure subsided, which must precede Convalescence, or any Appearance of it. It must come on very gradually.

Whether Dr. Wtllir learns from Experience, that the greater Number of Persons, who have been afflicted with this Disorder, have recovered ?

A very great Majority; I do not think 1 Should speak false, if I said Nine out of Ten, of those that have been put under my Care, within Three Months after they had begun to be aifii&ed with the Disorder.

Whether every Cure in the same Person, of a Disorder which has returned, is included in the Calculation of the whole Number of Cures ?

If a Person has been Twice brought under my Care, and Twice cured, I reckon two Cures, as I should of a Fever.

Has the greater Number of Men, that have been afflicted with this Disorder, recovered ?

I never calculated that; I did not think there was any Difference between the Two Sexes as to the Facility of Cure.

What State of his Patients does he consider as- a Cure? %

Their being able to take upon themselves the Conduit of their own Affairs, and to do the same Business they were used to do before they fell ill.

What is the shortest Space of Time within which, in his Experience, he has known Persons, affeited as His Majesty is, restored to Health ?

Six Weeks, or Two Months, is the shortest, I believe.

Does Dr. Willis see any Thing in His Majesty's Case, which enables him to pronounce that His Majesty may not be restored to Health within that Compass of Time from the Commencement of his Attendance on His Majesty ?

I do not fee any Thing to enable me to pronounce that he may not.

Does

Does Dr. Willis see any Thing in His Majesty's Case, which enables him to pronounce that His Majesty will be restored to Health within that Space of Time ?

1 cannot presume to say that He will.

What has been the longed: Space of Time for which the Disorder has lasted, in the same of such Patients as have beert brought to him within Three Months from the Beginning of the Attack, and as have recovered ?

A Year and an Half, I believe, has been the longed of such Patients as have been brought to me and few have been so long.

What is the most ordinary Space of Time he has found necessary for the Cure of such Patients ?

1 should think Five or Six Months, as near as I can calculate.

How long has Dr. Willis attended His Majesty ?

Since Friday Morning lad.

Whether, from your own Observation, or from the Particulars which have been communicated to you, you can assign any known Cause, to which, in your Judgment, His Majesty’s Disorder is referrible ?

From my own Experience with regard to His Majesty, I cannot say any Thing; but from a very particular Detail of His Mode and Manner of Life for Twenty-seven Years, I do imagine, that weighty Bu-finess, severe Exercise, and too great Abstemiousness, and little Rest, has been too much for His Constitu-tkm. — It is very early to give an Opinion, and I may be mistaken, but I am the more inclined to think myself right, because the Medicine that has been given His Majesty ever fipce Sunday Morning, and was intended to meet and counteract those Causes* has.had as much Effect as I could wilh; and His Majesty has certainly been gradually better from the First Six Hours of His taking it.

Whether you have Reason to believe, that the Circumstances you have enumerated are frequently Causes of this Disorder ?

I believe they are very frequently.

Where the Disorder has arisen from such Causes, have you frequently known it cured ?

Very frequently.

Have the greater Number of those Cafes been cured or not ?

Certainly. I believe they are more easily to be cured, than where the Disorder proceeds from excessive Drinking, or other Intemperance, or some other Causes.

Withdraws.

Doctor ’Thomas Gijbome called in, and examined.

Whether, in his Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health is, or is not, such as to render His Majesty incapable of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business?

1 think He is absolutely incapable.

What Hopes has Dr. Gijbome of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

I think there are Hopes.

Can Dr. Gijbome form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time which His Majesty’s Illness is likely to last ?

1 think that is impossible.

What Degree of Experience has Dr. Gijbome had of the particular Species of Disorder with which His Majesty is afflicted ?

Not much particular Experience. I have seen Persons affected in the same Way, even to a greater Degree, who have recovered.

Vofc. XUV.

Whether Dr. Gijbome founds his Opinion, in his Answer to the Second Question,. upon the particular Symptoms of His Majesty’s Cafe, or upon his Experience of the Disorder in general, or upon both ?

Upon both.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, Dr. Gijbomr fees any present Signs of Convalescence \

1 think that can hardly be said.

Whether Dr. Gijbome can assign any known Cause to which, in his^ Judgment, His Majesty’s present Disorder is referrible I No.

Withdraws.

Doctor Anthony Addington called in, and examined.

Whether, in your Opinion^ the State of His Majesty’s Health is, or is not, such as to render His Majesty incapable, either of coming to Parliament, or of’ attending to Public Business ?

I think He is incapable, at least He was when I saw His Majesty last: It was about a Week ago.

What Hopes has Dr. Addington of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

I think there are very good Grounds of Hope.

Can Hr. Addington form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time which His Majesty’s Illness is likely to last i

It is a very hard Matter to form any certain Judgment or Conjecture.

What Degree of Experience has Dr. Addington had of the particular Species of Disorder with which His Majesty is afHicted ?

I had Patients, in a House that I built at,

for Five Years antecedent to the Year 1754, when I came to London.

Do you found your Opinion, in your Answer to the Second Question, upon the particular Symptoms of His Majesty’s Cafe, or upon your Experience of the Disorder in general, or upon both ?

I think there is some Reason to found it upon Symptoms, as well as Experience. — Though I have seen His Majesty very unquiet, it did not arise tt> that Degree of Inquietude which denoted a Disease that would be of very long Duration. I thought there, was something in the very Habit of Body, as well as in His Majesty’s Complexion, and in what had beep H is Way of Life, that was very favourable to a Cure. — Where there is not a very great Exertion of Body or Mind, Persons who have lived in the Way His Majesty has done, are very rarely liable to this Illness. — From the Account I had from my Brethren, who had the Honour to attend His Majesty, I had very great Expectations that it would end happily, from this Circumstance — that it had not for its Forerunner that Melancholy which usually precedes a tedious Illness of this Sort. — I never knew an instance of an Illness, that, under proper Care, run to any great

Length, which had not been so preceded. ----- -- — As

for Experience, I have visited a considerable Number of Patients in that Disease, in and round finding the y could not be taken so much Care of as they ought to be in their Houses, and that I might be as little interrupted as possible in the Practice of other Branches of my Profession, I built a House, contiguous to my own, for the Reception of such Patients. — I visited them there constantly every Day. — I had from Eight to Ten Patients there usually at a Time, — during that Time, Two Patients were admitted, who were reasonably deemed to be incurable at the Time of their coming, and for Years before. — During the Charge of my Patients, for Five Years together,

D At

*o i o° Decembrts. . 1788.

at that House, I never had more than Two Other Patients that were not cured within the Year, and continued well, as far as ever I knew. Some recovered in much shorter Time; and I had several that were quite well within a Quarrer of a Year. — If any of those Persons had relapsed, I believe, from the partial Opinion of their Families, I should have heard of it. — Where there is a Relapse, I should not call it a perfect Cure.

What State of the Patients did Dr. Addington coh-fider as a Cure ?

When the Patient was able to do every Thing that a Man in Health does.

What were the particular Circumstances of the Two Patients before mentioned by Dr. , which

occasioned their being deemed incurable ?

One of these Persons had been for many Years under the Lare of a very skilful Physician, in an House for the Reception of Patients order this Disorder. It was a same that was different from all others with which I have been acquainted, both in the Cause, and in the Circumstances which preceded and attended it. — The other was a Patient who„ I.believe, had been ill very many Years; (he had been for some Time under the Care of an eminent Phvfician, who wished her to be put into a House where (he might be taken Care of for Life; (he was Atrabilious in the highest Degree, and died, from the Lffetts of that Disorder, in about a Week.

Whether the Majority of the Patients under your Care were Men, or Women ?

I think nearly equal.

Whether Dr. Addington profelfed to take, and did in.Fad take, all Patients that were offered him ?

I had not always Room. — I excluded none on Account of the Nature of the Disorder.

What has been Dr. Addington's Attendance on His Majesty ?

I saw His Majesty for Three Days successively, and for Twice each Day for a considerable Time.

Whether, during the Time of that Attendance, he observed any Signs of actual Convalefcctace in His Majesty i

No.

Whether, from your own Observation, or from the Particulars which have been communicated to you, you can adign any known Cause to which, in your Judgment, His Majesty’s Disorder is referrible ?

I cannot pretend to say what the Cause was, either from what I saw, or what was communicated to me. — I do not chuse to hazard a Conjecture.

Withdraws.

Sir Lucas Pepys called in, and examined.

Whether, in your Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health is such as to render His Majesty incapable, either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

The State of His Majesty’s Health is certainly such as to render Him incapable of coming to Parliament, or attending to Public Business.

What Hopes has Sir Lucas Pepys His Majesty’s Recovery ?

I have the same Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery as I should have if He were labouring under any other Disease, of which I knew that the Majority labouring under it did recover. That the Majority do recover, 1 am satisfied from my own Experience, and from the Assurance of a Person who has most Experience in Cafes of this Sort.

Can Sir Lucas Pepys form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time which His Majesty’s lllness is likely to last ?

It is impossible to form any Conjecture on that Subject.

What Degree of Experience has Sir Lucas Pepys had of the particular Species of Disorder with which His Majesty is afllicted ?

I have occasionally seen several Persons under that Disorder, sometimes alone, but more frequently with those whose Practice leads them more particularly to attend to it.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, Sir Lucas Pepys fees any present Signs of Convalescence ?

His Majesty is more quiet than He has been; but there are no present Signs of immediate Conva-lefcence.

Are there any actual Symptoms at present, which lead Sir Lucas Pepys to entertain more favourable Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery, than he has hitherto had during his Attendance ?

I think there are very material Symptoms, as His Majesty’s general State of Health is certainly much better than it was.

Is the Amendment that has taken Place, only in His Majesty’s general State of Health, or is there any Abatement of His particular Disorder ?

From His Majesty’s general State of Health being better, His Sleep is more quiet, His Appetite is better, and He is more in His usual State; all which Circumstances mull previously oedur before Recovery: But these are only leading Steps towards Recovery — the Disorder still remains j it is difficult to say whether it is actually abated.

What does Sir Lucas Pepys mean by His Majesty being more in His usual State ?

More quiet, and in a less perturbed State.

Whether it is Sir Lucas Pepys's Opinion, that there is, or is not, at present any Abatement of His Majesty’s Disorder ?

I have answered it, by saying that it is difficult to say whether there is any actual Abatement, and I wish to explain my Meaning in these Words. — The only Way of explaining it is by Analogy to some other Complaint. In the same of a Mortification, where the Bark would most probably effect a Cure, 1 could not say, during several Hours after its being taken, whether there was, or was not, any Abatement of the Mortification: So, in the same of His Majesty, I cannot say, whether the Return of general Health has, or has not, yet produced any actual Abatement of the particular Disorder; but such a Return of general good Health would lead me to be of Opinion that an evident Abatement might be expected. I can however say, that no actual evident Abatement has yet taken Place.

When Sir Lucas Pepys, in his Answer to the Second Question, dates that the Majority of Persons labouring under the same Disorder with His Majesty do recover, does he mean to include all the different Species of the Disorder, or to confine himself to that particular Species with which His Majesty is affected i

I mean in that Estimate to speak of the Disorder generally, and not fpccjally.

Can you assign any known Cause to which, in your Judgment, His Majesty’s present Disorder is refer-rible ?

I know no evident, or assignable Cause.

Is His Majesty’s a frequent Species of the Disorder ?

It is a frequent Species of the Disorder.

In

Committee appointed to examine Precedents of Proceedings in the same of the PersonalExcr-

cifeot ^e Royil Authority being interrupted*

In this Species, do the Majority recover ?

Certainly, in this Species the Majority do recover.

Withdraws.

Doctor Henry Revel Rey called in, and

examined.

Whether, in your Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health ip, or is not, such as to render His Majesty incapable, either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

His Majesty is certainly incapable of it.

What Hopes has Dr. 1 R of His Majesty’s Recovery I

I think there are well-founded Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery.

Can Dr. Reynolds form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time which His Majesty’s lllncfs is likely to lad ?

No.

Decembris. 11

Mr. Attorney General, Robert Vynet, Esquire, the Right honourable Henry Dundas, Thomas , Esquire, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Richard Brinjlcy S Esquire, William Hujfey, Esquire, the Marquis of Graham, Lord VifA count Belgrade, Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, William Wilberforce, Esquire, the Right honourable William Windham, Philip Torke, Esquire, the Earl , the Right honourable William Wyndham v

and the Right honourable Edmund Burke, be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet immediately in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee,

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they find convenient j and to fit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

What Degree of Experience has Dr. Reynolds had of the particular Species of Disorder with which His Majesty is afflicted ?

I have been almod Twenty Years in Business, and io the Course of that Time I have seen a great Number under this Disorder, both singly and together with others.

Whether you found your Opinion, in your Answer to the Second Qucdion, upon the particular Symptoms of His Majesty’s Cafe, or upon your Experience of the Disorder in general, or upon both ?

Rather upon general Experience though I think there is nothing peculiar in His Majesty’s same which forbids the Preemption of Recovery.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, you fee any prefenc Signs of Convalescence ?

I do not fee any present Signs of Convalescence though I think His Majesty’s being quieter, and in a better State of general Health, would lead me to hope that it is a Step towards it.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rififlg of the House rtfolm House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next. yr*dd^urn

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vtneris, 12° die Decembris 5

Anno 29* Georgii 3*" Regis, 1788.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon CaU4efan4. Thurjd iy lad, for the House to be called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly*

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Sevennight.

Whether Dr. Reynolds learns from Experience, that the greater Number of Persons afflicted with this Disorder have recovered ?

The greater Number, I think, have recovered.

Whether Dr. Reynolds apprehends, that in Calculations founded on general Experience, every Cure in the same Person is included i

I apprehend that it is — they conGdef every distant Relapse as a new Dileafe.

Whether Dr. Reynolds can afllgn any known Cause to which, in his Judgment, His Majesty’s Disorder is referrible ?

No* I cannot.

Withdraws.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine and report Precedents of such Proceedings as may have been had in the same of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority being prevented, or interrupted, by Infancy, Sickness, Infirmity, or otherwise, with a View to provide a Remedy for the fame.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Twenty-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Right honourable Welbore , the Mader of the Rolls, the Right honourable, Frederick,

Prays as. '

MR. Ellis reported from the Committee, appointed Report fi»m to examine and report Precedents of such Pro-lgsas may have been had in the same of the Per- examine Pre-fonal Exercise of the Royal Authority being prevented, «dvnwoiPro-

. , / r- t r r-r ceedings in tM

or interrupted, by Infancy, Sickness, Infirmity, or cafc of the otherwise, with a View to provide a Remedy for the Personal Exfame That the Committee had made such Examina- RoyaiAutho* tien, and had directed him to make a Report thereof my beingia-to the House; and he read the Report in his teiruP,ed‘ Place* and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read* and is as followeth* viz. ' "

The Committee appointed to examine and report Precedents of such Proceedings as may have been had in the same of the P.rfonal Exercise of the Royal Authority being prevented, or interrupted, by Infancy, S'ckntfs, Infirmity, or otherwise, with a View to provide a Remedy for the fame.

Have, pursuant to the Order-of the House, made such Examination; and have found the Precedents herein after referred to, or inserted herein, as follow* viz.

Extracts from Rolls of Parliament.

4. 5. 6. Edw. III. Vol. ii. p. 52.

CES font les Trefons, Felines, et Malveiftes faites a nostre Seignur le Roi et a son Poaple par Roger de Mortymer, & autres de fa covyae.

6 PRIMERE-

N° 1.

Judicium Roger i de Mor-tuomari,

(«D. 7.)

11 iz° Decembrist 1788.

PRIMEREMENT, Par ]a ou ordinc fetid al Parlement noftie Seignur le Roi procheynement tenuz apies son Coronemcnc a Westrnr, Que quatre Evefqes, quatre Counts, ct fis Barouns, demurrrient presdu Roi pur )ui confciller, iflint totefoiz quc quatre y feuflent, e’eft ailaver un Evcsq, un Counte, & deus Barons a mcryns, 6c que nul grosse bufoigne soit salt sanz lur Af-sent, & que chefcun respondefift de fes faitz pur son temps: Apres queu Parlement, le dit Roger de Morty-mer, nient eiam regard au dit Assent, achrocha a lui Koial Poer & le Governement du Roialme fur l’cftat le Roi, et oufta & fist outer mettre Ministres eo l’Oftel le Roi 3e aillurs parmy le Roialme a fa volunte, de tieux qui feurent de son acord, et mill Johan Wyard et autres entour le Roi-, d’efpier fes faitz Sc fes ditz; Iflint q nostre dit Seignur le Roi feuft en tiele manere environ de fes Enemys deux q’il ne poet rien,faire de fa volunte, fors q come un home qui demora cn garde.

1. R.IL Vol. iii. . 5.

Rrqurfttd«» 15. ET puls apres les Coes y vindrent en Parle-

tot,‘ ment devant le Roi, & illoeqs Mornr Peres de la Mare,

Chivaler, q avoir les paroles de par la Coe, faisant fa Protestation, q ce q’il y aVoit a dire nel’ dirroit del foen propre moevement, einz del rnocion, assent, & voluntee expres de toute la Coe illoeqs efteante: Et f il avenift q’il y forveiaft de rienz, ou par cas y deist chose q ne full dc l'assent de fes compaignons, q’il ent fuft par mefmes fes compaignoins tantoft amendez illoeqs, 6c devant q’il y partiflfent de la place.

16. Y DIST, en compleignant q tant come le noble Chivalrie del Roialme eftoit bien nurriz, encherriz, honores,. & noblement guerdonez, pur lours grantz tnfaitz, !i eftoit celle Chivalrie most urgeroufe, & ar-dantment defiroufe a faire grantz empriles grantz faitz d’armes, chefcun devant autre, p ont le Roialme fuft grantement enrichez 6t pleintinoufe de toute bien^ & les hitantz en ycelle doutez de lours enemys, dont toutes nations a poy en parlerent d’onour de nobleye j & q pluis eft, lour same de nobleye eftoit efpandue pmy le monde. Mais ore, depuis q celle Chivalrie ad este rebuquiz & tenuz en viletee, & q pluis eft, lours biens noblement gaignez de lours Enemys de Guerre lour tol-luz sanz joufte cause, & auxint celle Chivalrie & toute autre vertu mys a derire, 6c vice preifee, avancee, & ho-nouree, Sc nullement puniz ou chafticee, ft eft mefmo la Chivalrie 6c les coers dcs bones & vertuoufes persones grantement abeifle?, p ont nul homme ad talent al jour de huy, a ce q semble par experience de salt, de bn faire: dc qoy le Roialme ad ore novellement fuflfert grantz damages St outrage de lours ditz Enemys des piufours partz, & eft a douter q pluis foeffrera, ft Dieu n’y mette remede au gouvernaille d’ycell.

17. ET auxint d’autre parr, quant les Marchantz du Roialme furent Sis & Maiftres, & avoient la dispofttion 6c ordinance de lours propres Niefs, ft eftoit la Navye du Roialme grande & pleintinoufe, 6c eftoit graindre uombre des bones Niefs appartenantes a une Ville del Roialme q ore font en tout le Roialme avant dit. Et pur ce q nre Sr le Roi, qi Dieu salve, ft eft a present innocent 6c de tendre age, la dite Coe, pur amendement des Mefchiefs avaunt ditz autres, Sc pur salvation du Roialme q maintenant eft en grant peril, & pluis q unqs n’cftoit devant, priont au Roi nre Sr & as Seignrs du Parlement des trois chofcs en especial:

18. PRIMERE’NT, q lour pleuft ordeiner & lour nomcr ore en ce present Parlement oept fuffifantz persones de diverses eftatz, d’eftre continuclment refi-tlentz du Conseil fur les bufoignes du Roy Sc del Roialme avec les Officers du Roi, des tieux persones qi nucltz feievent 6c pluis diligeaument vorront & purront travaiilcr fur l’amendement dcs Mefchiefs avant ditz, 6c le bone Governement & Salvation del dit Roialme; if-sint q la Coe purra eftre clercment acertce des nouns

d’yeeux Confeillers, q ferroient Expendours & Ordei-nours de ce q’ils verront granter pur les Guerres, 6c partant avoir la greindre corage de faire a nre Sr le Roy ce q’ils ont de luy en charge, come defliis eft dit.

19. ITEM, q lour pleuft ordener & nomer en ce Parlement les persones q ferrOnt de lees la persone fire Sr le Roy mefmes, q’eft iflint de tendre age. Et q cel-les persones fussent des pluis vertuoufes, honestes, & fuffifantz del Roialme, iflint q mefme nre Sr, q’eft per-Ibne facree 6c enoint, feuft noblement & en bones ver-tuz governez & nurriz au plefance de Dieu, p ont tout le Roialme y purra eftre falvez & amendez. Et q feuft auxint ordeine, q mefme nre Sr le Roy & fa Maison fuft governez a bone moderation en Dcfpenfes a faire tant foulement de les Revenues du Roialme 6c de les autres Droitz dr fa Corone & Sries. Et q tout ce q eft ou ferra grantez a nre Sr le Roi en maintenance de fes Guerres, fuft appliez & defpenduz en les Guerres & nulle part aillours, en aide & defeharge de fa Coe avant dite.

co. IT EM, q la coe Loy, 6c auxint les especial*

Loys, Eftatutz, 6c Ordinances de la terre, faitz devant ces heures, pur coe profit 6c bone governance du Roialme, lour feuflent entierement tenuz, ratifiez, & con-fermez, & q g ycelles ils fulfent droiturelement governez: qar la Coe foy ent ad fentuz moeltz grevez cea en ariere, q ce ne lour ad my este salt toutes partz, einz q par maiftrie & fingulertees d’aucuns entour le Roy, qi Dieux aflbill’, ont este plufours de la dite Coe malmel-nez. Mais toutes voies la dite Coe ny requert mye ore pur vengeance avoir de nully qi ait meflait devant ceste heure, einz q en temps a venir, quant pleft au Roy nre Sr 6c son Confcil, chaftiement soit duement salt des tieux Malfaifours: Et q y (bit pris a l’oeps du Roi ce q’il purra prendre g loy & refon, en donant bone en-lample as autres de lour abftiner pur le temps a venir do femblablement malfaire. Requerante as Srs du Parlement, q quan q y feuft ordenez en ce Parlement ne fuft repcllez sanz Parlement. Et q aiantz due consideration coment les jours font courtz a present, & le temps le phfle fortment, 6c 1’eh faut haftivement travaiilcr entour i’ordinance du Roialme 6c des Guerres avant ditz, ou autrement, 4 Dieu ne veullie, le Roialme eft destruit, ils lour entadvisent, & fur ce lour donent haftive 6c bone Responce. Salvant en toutes chofcs la Regalie &

Dignitee nre Sr le Roi avaunt dit j a laquelle les Coes ne yeullient q par lours Demandes chose prejudiciele y fuft faite par aucune voie. Et fur ce fuft relponduz, q les Prelatz 6c Seignrs y vorroit ent conleiller enfcmble, comandant as Coes de retournir a lour place, & treter de lours autres charges a eulx donez par entre cy 6c Joefdy profeh’: a t^uiel jour ils furent comandez a retournir en Parlement pur oier la Responce de lours Requestes avant dites.

ai. QJJ ANT a la primere Requeste q les dites Confeiilenh Coes monftrent a nre Sr le Roy & as Seignrs du Parle- lour.^a'r)K* ment, C’eft aflavoir, q ferroit honour al Roi, & profit a toute le Roialme q’eft maintenant grevez en diverse manere par plufours Adverfites, fi bien par les Guerres de France, d’Efpaigne, d’lrlande, Guyenne, de Bre-taigne, & tout plain d’autres parties par terre 6c par meer come autrement, p ont le dit Roialme eft ores en greindre pil q n’eftoit unqs devant, & les Officers del Roialme ne fuffifont mye sanz autre aid? a ft grande governaill, q le Confeill nre dit Sr le Roy fuft enlargez par le nombre de oept fuffifantz persones de diverses eftatz & degrees, pur eftre continuclment residentz du Conseil avec les Officers dessus ditz fur les bufoignes du Roi’& del Roialme, meement tant come nre dit Sr soit iflint de tendre age; par manere tielle, q nul grosse ou chargeante bufoigne y pafle ou -soit deliverez sanz l’assent & advis de touz, 6c autres meindres bufoignes par l’assent 6c advis de quatre au meins, felone ce q le cas requiert, iflint q quatre d« ceux soient continuelment

’ residentz

29 Geo. III. n° Decembris. 13

residentz du Conseil le Roy: Em priantz humblement, q lour pleuft ore en ce Parlement mefmes les oept Confeillers eflire de pluis fuffifantz persones del Roialme, & des tieux qi mieltz fcievent, & pluis diligeaument purroient & vorroient travailler & mettre lours peines fur l’amendement des mefchiefs & perils avant ditzj & fur ce notifier lours Nouns a mefme la Coe en ce Parlement, en grant con fort de eux & dc tout le Roialme avaunt dit. Et q ceux Confeillers ne loient defore pur-veuz, faitz, ou efluz fors q en Parlement, fi ne soit q aucun de eux moerge ou feuft remuez par cause resonable entre Parlement & Parlement, en quiel cas le Roy, par advis de son Conseil, y face & ordeigne a fa plefance d’autres fuffifantz en lours lieux.

Responce a la 2a. N O S T R E Sr le Rpy entendant la dite Re-

j»nnifreKe- qUcfte eftre honurables & fen profitables, fibien a luy mefmes come a son Roialme avant dit, l’ad ottroicz, purveuz toutes voies q Chance Her, Treforer, Gardein du Prive Seal, Justices de l’un Bank & de l’autre, & touz les autres Officers du Roi, purront faire & efploiter les bufoignes q touchent lours Offices sanz la presence de tieux Confeillers. Et nre Sr le Roy, pur certains causes q luy moevent a present, par l’advis des Seignrs de Parlement y voet avoir ceste present anee tant foule-ment neof persones fes tieux Confeillers, les ad salt eflire en dit Parlement; C’eft aflavoir, les Evefqes de Londres, de Kardoill, & de Salcfbirs; les Contes de la March, & de Staff’ j Messrs Ric’ de Stafford, & Henry le Scrop, Baneretz; Sc Mess Johan Deverofe, & Hugh Segrave, Bachilers. Et eft ordenez, q les ditz neof Confeillers iffint efluz, & auxint les oept Confeillers q pur le temps ferront, ne demurront en dit Office fors q foulement un an entier. Et celle an fini ne deveront mye celles mefmes persones eftre re-efluz a celle office par deux ans profeh’ enfuantz.

23. ET auxint eft ordene, q nul doun d’efehete, de garde, mariage, rente, ne d’autre rienz apparten’ al Roy, ne fe face a nully des ditz Confeillers durant le terme del dit an, ft nc soit par coe assent de touz les ditz Confeillers, ou la greindre partie d’iceulx: ne q’ils preignent rienz de nulle partie par promefle, n’autrement, f’il ne soit mangier & boire de petite value, ou autre chose q ne purra refonablement eftre dit louer, pur nulle bufoigne q ferra mefnee ou tretee devant eux, fur peyne dc rendre a la partie le double de ce q’ils einfi prendront, avec les damages & defpenfes partant suffertz, & a nre Sr le Roi fix foitz atant come ils y averont pris. Et auxint eft ordenez, q nul tiel Conseiller n’empreigne ou fuftiene aucune querelle par maintenance en pays, n’aillours, fur tielle greroufe payne q ferra ordenez par nre Sr le Roy, de l’advis des Srs du Roialme: la coniflance & jurisdiction desquelles choses ferra au Roi mefmes, & a fes Uncles d’Efpaigne, de Cantebrigge, & de Bukyng-ham, pris a eux aucuns Prelatz & Srs a la fuite de partie donante, & nemye devant autres persones, nc en autre manere. Et fi nully fe pleigne de tieu Conseiller, & ne purra prover fa entente, encourge la peine darreinere-ment ordene par Eftatut en temps le Roi E. aid nostre Sr le Roy q’ore eft, des Accufours qi font pleintc au Roi mefmes.

44. E T auxint eft ordenez, q ks ditz Confeillers q ore font ou qi pur k temps ferront efluz, ordenez, assignez, soient ferementz en presence du Roi mefmes, de garder ceste Ordinance, fen & loialment conseiller le Roy en toutes choses q ferront moevez ou tretez devant eux felone lours fen poairs: q toute chose q

y doit eftre tenuz en secret. sanz defcovrir, ne delcovri-ront a aucun estrange, autrement q nel’ doivent faire par refon.

25. ET salt a remembrer, q puis apres ks neof Prelatz, Contes, Sc autres dessus ditz, iffint efluz en Conseil pur cell an, fi furent devant le Roy mefmes jurrez & fermentez a ce faire, en presence des plufours Srs du Parlement, en la forme avant dite.

Vol. XLIV.

26. ET quant a la fecounde Requeste de la Coe, Responce a: C’eft aflavoir, de nommer ou assigner en certain ks jtue(r„e(^nc persones quelles ferront entour la Perlone du Roy nre

Sr, ks Seignrs du Parlement y respoignent & diont, Qe ce lour semble eftre crop chargeante & dure Requeste de mettre aucune persone entour lour Seign’ le Roi autre q ne pluft fen a luy par plufours causes, ou de remuer aucun son Officer ou Servant fi ne full par la volentee du dit Roi expresse, & encores pur notabk defaute en tieux Officers ou Servantz trovez qu provez;

D ont ks Srs ne vorroient volunters de ce entremettre.

Mais lour femblojt chose fen resonable, necessarie, & profitable au Roi Sc al Roialme, q les Chivalers, Ef-quiers, Sc entour le Roi, feuflent defenduz fur griefs peines, q tant come fire Sr le Roy soit iffint de tendre age, ils ne feifient nulles purfuites devers le Roi pur eulx mefmes, ne pur autres, de chose q feuft aucunemenc chargeant au Roy ou al Roialme, n’autrement, finouo ibulement pur Benefices, Baillies, ou autres Offices, lefqueux nul damage purra avenir au Roi qu al Roialme avant ditz. Qar y full dit, q fen full q des gardes, manages, elchetes, & autres tieux profitz, les ditz Confeillers Sc Officers fe medleroient al profit du Roi & del Roialme. Et quant a la moderation de la Meignee le Roi, & fes Defpenfes en fa maison, fur ks Revenues del Roialme tant foulement en discharge de la Coe, eftoit auxint responduz, Qe les Srs ent ver-roient communer a bone deliberation avec les grants Officers du dit Hostiel: Et fi par lour advis ce purroit eftre salt, falvant l’eftat & l’onour du Roi, ceste lour autre Requeste ferroit enfement perfourme. Et quant a la tierce Requeste & darreine, fembloit resonable chose a touz ks Srs quant au present q ce lour soit ottroiez grantez.

27. ITEM, les Srs & Coes du Roialme d’Engl’ La gmnt apperceivantz clerement le grant Peril du Roialme,

q’eft en point d’eftre pduz, fi Dieu n’y mette remede le &°xevw.x pluis en haste, g my les grandes Guerres queux y font moevez a l’encontre, & assez overtz chefcune part, fi fen par Terre' come par Meer, dont il y eft ore pluis a douter q unqs n’eftoit devant. Et partant en aide de les Defpenfes q t’en faut mettre entour la governance de la Guerre du Roialme, en refistence de tantz des Ene-mys, Sc en focour Sc refcous del Roialme avant dit, a l’aide fire Sr ils grantent ore de lour liberale volentee a mefme fire ST le Roi deux Quinfzimcs par dehors Citees & Burghs, & deux Difmes deinz mefmes les Citees &

Burghs, a lever de lour Biens, fi bien c’eft aflavoir des Seigfirs des Villes come des Religious, pur leurs Biens provenantz de lours Terres & Tenementz purchacez ou approprkz puis l’an vintilme le Roi E. filz le Roi Henry, & d’autres feculers gentz quelconqs, nully efperniant en celle partie, par entre cy Sc la Chande-leure profeh’ venant, par autielles sommes de deniers Sc nemye greignours ne meindres come ont este acuftumez eftre levez des Villes gmy le Roialme quant tidies Difmes & Quinfzimes ont este grantez, a une foitz ou a diverses foitz pur deux ans. Em priantz humblement a lour Sr lige, & les autres Srs du Parlement, q fi fen de ceux Deniers, come des Deniers de les Difmes ore a granters par la Clergie d’Engl’, & auxint de les Deniers provenantes de les Subsides de Leynes, feuflent certains prefones foffifantz assignez de par le Roi d’eftre Tre-foriers ou Gardeins, au tiel effect q cdles Deniers feuf-sent tout entierment appliez a les Defpenfes de la Guerre, & nemye autre part par aucune voie. Et salt a remember, q celle Requeste lour eftoit ottroicz par lq Roi, falvant au Roi entierment la sue ancient- Custume de dT marc des Dcnfzeins, & dis foldz des Foreins, due de chefcun faak de Leyne a pafler hors du Roialme Scc. Et lur ce fire Sr le Roi fill assigner Wimam Walworth, & Johan Philypot, Marchantz de Londres, d’eftre Gardeins des dites sommes, a l’oeps avant dit,

& de faire loial accomptc de lours Refceitcs Sc I flues par manere come ferroit ordene par fire Sr le Roy 8c

E. son

12° Decem*

Trdotim

t>ur 1*

Guerre *▼. m. )i. du Roi,

Pronuncii-tien de Par.

Itirirnt.

(m. 17.)

Presentntion du Put lour, (m. 16.)

h

A. 1788.

son die Grant Conseil en resonable manere. Et fur ce, par comandement nre dit Sr le Roi, les ditz William, & Johan, priftrent lour charge, & a ce faire loialment furent ils fermentez & jurrez devant le Roy mefmes en plein Parlement. Sauvez toutes foitz au Roi, q’il soit repaiez primerement de la somme par luy chevee & paiee a ceste darreine viage fur la Meer, q’amonte pluis q a xv mill* Livrs d’elterlings, dont le Roi eft encores Dettour as C reditours.

1 H.VI Vol. iv. 169.

I. FAIT aflavoir, q au comencement del Parlement tenuz le Lundy profehein devant le Fefte de Scint Martyn, 1’an del regne du Roi Henry fifmc puis le conqueste primer, une Commission du Roi salt de-foutz son grande Seal, & direct a 1’honurable puissant Prince Humfrey Due de Glouceftre son Uncle, p,la quell le Roi avoit donee poair a mefme son Uncle, a tenir le dit Parlement en le non du Roi, folone l’effect & la contenue de mefme la Commission, en la presence del dit Due, feant en la Chambre de Peintc dcinz le Palois de Westm’, & auxi de les Seignrs Espirituelx & Tempo-relx, & des Chivalers des Countees, & des Citeins & Burgeois del Roialme d’Engleterre, pur toute la Commune de mefine le Roialme au dit Parlement venuz, illoeqes alors efteantz, suit overtement leeuz; dont le tenurt cy enfuit. — Henricus, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie & Francie, & Dnus Hibernie, Omnibus ad quos presentes litere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod cum de avifa-mento Consilii nri, pro quibuidam anduis & urgentibus negotiis. Nos, statum, & defenfionem Regni nri Anglie, ac Ecclesie Anglicane contingentibus j quoddam Parliamentum nrum apud Westm’, die Lune prox’ ante Feftum San&i Martini prox’ futur’, teneri ordinaveri-mus, & quia vero propter certas caufas ad Parliamentum pdiftum personalitcr non poterimus interesse, ac de circumfpe&ione & industria cariflimi Avunculi nri Humfridi Ducis Glouc’ plenam fiduciam reportantes, eidem Avunculo nro, ad Parliamentum pdidum nomine nro inchoand’ & in eo procedend’, & ad faciend’ omnia & singula que pro Nobis, & per Nos, pro bono regi-mine & gubernatione Regni nri pdi&i, ac aliorum Dominiorum noftrorum eidem Regno nro pertinentium ibidem fuerint faciend'; necnon ad Parliamentum iilud finiend’ & diflolvend’, de aflenfu Concilii nri, plenam tenore presentium Committimus potestatem. Dantes ulterius de aflenfu ejusdem Consilii nri, tarn universis & fingulis Archiepifcopis, Episcopis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Ducibus. Comitibus, Baronibus, & Militibus, quam omnibus aliis quorum interest ad Parliamentum nrum pdidum conventur’, similiter tenore presentium firmiter in mandatis, quod eidem Avunculo noftro intendant in premiflis in forma fupradi&a. In cujus rei testimo-nium, has Literas firas fieri fecimus patentes. Teste me ipso, apud Westm’, sexto die Novembris, Anno regni nri primo.

II. JEODY, le quarte jour de ceste Parlement, viendrent les Communes en ycell Parlement devant le die Due de Glouceftre, Commiflair du Roi a tenir mefme le Parlement, & devant toutz les Seignrs Espirituelx & Temporclx efteantz illoeqes; & presenterent Rogier Flour Esquier, pur lour commune Parlour, a qi le dit Commiflair du Roi fe agrea bien. Et apres ceo le dit Parlour pria, q’il purroit parler defoutz tiele Protestation, come autres Parlours avoient salt p devant. Et le dit Commiflair du Roi de part le Roi ottroia, q le dit Parlour averoit tiele Protestation, come autres persones q’ont efteez Parlours ceo en arere ont eu, es temps des nobles Progenitours & Predeceflours du Roi. Et pria auxi le dit Parlour, q f’il pleroit riens autrement q n’eftoit accordec p fos ditz Compaignons, q’il foi purroit corriger & refourmer p lour bon advis; a la quele le dit Commiflair du Roi foi agrea de part le Roi.

ia FAIT aflavoir, q conuZ la verite cy en Engle-terre de la' pafiement le tres noble Roi Henry Quint puis le conqueste, q Dieu de fa haute mcrcie pardoine, & considerez la tendre age de son tres beau fitz heir nre tres foverain Sr q’or eft, assemblerent pleufeurs honur-ables Srs de ceste Roialme, fi bien espirituelx come temporelx, pur la iminent neccflite de governance de le mefme, fi bien pur conservation de la paix & exhibition de Justice, come pur l’exercice des offices au Roi re-gardantz. Sur qoy diverses Commissions, de lour bone advis, ont ifluez defoutz le grande seal du Roi as mentz persones, fi bien as Justices, come as Visconts, Elche-tours, & autres de fes officers, & auxi ont brieves du Roi, p l’advis fuifdit ifluez a fomondre ceste Parlement, a l’entente q p le commune assemble de toutz estates du Roialme, & lour sages confeilles & discretions, la meillour governance pur la tres excellente Persone & Eftat de nre dit foverain Sr, & pur tout le dit Roialme, purroit eftre purveu en le dit Parlement, fi bien pur la salvation del Roialme, come pur defense de le mefme; ordeinez eft & aflentuz en ceo mefme Parlement, & p l’audorite d’icell, q fi bien les Commissions qconqes, come toutz les ditz brieves de fomons de Parlement iflint ifluez defoutz le dit seal, & 1’issues & 1’executions de tres toutz les mefmes, soient affermez, auflorifcz, & approvez come bones & effectuelx, & q pyr autielx soient tenuz & reputez envers toutz persones perpetuel-ment.

13. MONSTRANTE, Venerabili Patre Thoma Episcopo Dunelmen’, in presenti Parliamento, manifeste qualiter super lamentabili & dolorofa morte indite re-cordationis Henrici nuper Regis Anglie quinti poll: con-questum, ac Heredis & Regentis Regni Franc’, & Dm Hibernie, per relatores veridicos intellefta, idem Thomas Episcopus Dunelmen’, nuper Cancellarius ipfius nuper Regis in Angl’, dum vivebat; videlicet, Vicesimo octavo die Septembris, Anno regni Ereniflimi Principis & dni nri Henrici Regis Anglie & Francie fexti post con-questum primo, in Castro de Wyndefore, coram excel-lenti & potenti Principe & Domino fuo honorabili Humfrido Duce Glouceftr’ Avunculo ipfius Dni nri Regis Henrici fexti, ac Reverendis Patribus Henrico Archiepifcopo Cantuarien’, ’ Henrico Wynton’, Ed-mundo Exon’, & Philtppo Wigorn’ Episcopis; Johanne Dno de Talbot & de Furnyvale, Willielmo Dho de Clynton, Roberto Dno de Ponynges, & nonnullis al.is, qui tunc ibidem fuerunt presentes, fadtis per ipfos pri-mitus fidelitatibus & Homagiis, prout ad quemubet eorum pertinebat, & facta perprius per ipsum Duum Episcopum Dunelmen’ fidelitate prefato Dho Regi Henrico sexto, debit’ Majestati sue Regie, liberavit, be reali-ter tradidit, & secum dimifit Regium Sigillum Magnum aureum Angl’, quod fupradidus nuper Rex Henricus Quintus, eidem Dho Episcopo Dunelmen’ tradidit, quando ipsum ordinavit be conliituit Canccllarium suum Angl’; & quod super hoc, in eodem Castro, Vicesimo octavo die pdidto, supplicavit dictus Episcopus Duncl-men’, prefato Dho Duci, be aliis Dhis Spiritualibus & Temporalibus fupradnftis, & eos inilantius requi-fivit, quod quandocumque pro parte ipfius Episcopi Dunelmen’ forent requifiti, ipfi Dhi testiticari vcllent hujufmodi liberationcm, traditionem, be dimissionem Magni Sigilli memorati. Qui quidem Dhus Dux Glouceftr’, aliique Dhi Spirituales be Temporales an-tedifti, in presenti Parliamento personaliter existentes, liberationem, traditionem, & dimissionem Magni Sigilli pdidli, ad instantiam be requisitionem ejusdem Episcopi Dunelmen’, unanimiter & concorditer tellificati luerunt, quod ipfis presentibus, be modo quo supra, idem Episcopus Dunelmen’ liberavit prefato Dho hro Regi, ac secum dimifit Magnum sigillum Anglie pdichnn, in Castro de Wyndefore, & die vicesimo octavo fupradidis, & incontinenti post didam testificationcm didoi um Do-minorum, suppliciter exoravit idem Episcopus Dunelmen’, quod testificatio hujufmodi eorumuem Dominorum

L'A«8on-fation des certcin^ Cumiii'filoPS

Sc. loiv.ons celte FariC-meirt.

Pro Venerabili Pane Domino Thoma Epif-codo Dunelmen*,

' pofiet a&itari, & inter Ada presentis Parliament!, pro

ipfius Episcopi Dunelmen’ securitate in hac parte, in scripturam redigi: quod sibi suit conceffum per presa-tum Ducem, de unanimi confenfu omnium Dominorum in ipso eodem Parliamento tunc congregatorum.

Puri’Ewfq; 14. FAIT a remembrer, q en cede Parlement mon-Ac Loumiiet. p.ra ponurabie piere en Dieu l’Evelq de Loundres, nad-gairs Chanceller le tres noble Roi Henry, piere au Roi fire tres foverain Sr q’or eft, en fa Duchee de Normandie, devant le puissant Prince Due de Glouceftre, Com* miflair fire dit Sr le Roi a ceste Parlement tenir, en presence de toutz les Seigfirs Espirituelx & Temporelx efteantz en le mefme, coment il de deaux Grandes Seals du dit Roi le piere, un pur le dit Duchee ordeine, & l’autre semblant a son grande seal d’Engleterre, g luy au dit Evefq liverez g dela a garderz, g advis de mes Srs le Due d’Exceftre, le Counte de la Marche, le Counte de Warrewyk, & de pleufeurs autres Srs Englois, deli-veraft a Roane, puis la mort le dit Roi le piere, le fuifdit seal pur le dit Duchee ordeinez, a l’honurable & puissant Prince le Due de Bedeford, a qi le dit Roi le piere avoit commys la governance de mefme le Duchee en son Lit moriant, a l’oeps de son dit Fitz pur un certein temps, & ceo pur cause de necefiite de justice a faire en mefme le Duchee, & pria fur ceo le dit Evefq, q’il purra eftre quitez & defehargez de la fuifdite deliverance. Et purtant q mes ditz Srs d’Exceftre, de la Marche, & de Warrewyk, adonqes presentz en Parlement, tefmoig-neient la dite monftrance, & considerez la cause avant-dite, mon dit Sr de Glouceftre, & toutz les autres Seigfirs Espirituelx Temporelx fuifditz, defont bien contentz de la fuis dite deliverance. Et qant a l’autre Grande Seal avantdit, le dit Evefq l’ad deliverez au Roi mefmes, en la presence del dit Commiflair, & de les ditz Due d’Exceftre, & de le Counte de la Marche, & le Counte de Warrewyk, & de pleufeurs autres Srs a Wyndelfore, ficome mefmes les Dues, Counts, & Srs, Pont tefmoignez en ceste Parlement. Et pria le dit Evelq, q ceo purroit eftre ena&e en le rolle de ceste Parlement. Le quell suit a luy ottroiez.

De novo ftilo, j £. FAIT aflavoir, q considerez coment l’enhitance Refifs fabr? ni b’en de Roialme, & la Corone de France, come de c.iulo. le Roialme, & la Corone d’Engleterre, font ore de-feenduz droiturelment a fire tres foverain Sr le Roi Henry fifme puis le conquest, purtant q le stile del scripture eu en les fealx a les officers pur lour offices excercer & executer tanqj en cea liverez & assignez, n’accorde pas a son dit tide d’enhitance, & grande peril au Roi ent fourder purroit, fy mefmes les fealx ne fuif-sent le pluis toft refourmez. Ordeinez eft & aflentuz en ceo mefme Parlement, g le puissant Prince Due de Glouceftre, Commiflair au Roi a ceste Parlement tenir, & g toutz les Seigfirs Espirituelx & Temporelx efteantz en le mefme, q’en les fealx du Roi qconqes fi bien en Engleterre, come en Irland, Guven, & Gales, foie ceste novell stile eicript ou gravez; e’eft aflavoir, Henricus, Dei gratia, Rex Francie & Anglic, & Dfius Hibernie,: felone I’effect de les enhitances avantditz oufteez en ycelles g devant tout ceo q’eft contrarie ou superfluant au dit novell stile. Et q a chefcun de ceux officers du Roi, qi afeun des ditz fealx eit en garde, g cause de son office, & bofoigne garant avoir ceste partie, soit commandez de part le Roi, q’il mefme le seal face refourmer sanz delaie, felone les fourme & effect del novell stile avauntdit.

De principal!- 16. MEMORAND’, quod in presenti Parliamento,

D'ni^Re^'fs' coram excellenti & potenti Principe Dfio Humfrido nominalV Duce Glouceftr’, Commiflario Dfii firi Regis ad tenend’ ordinat*. Parliamentum pdidlum assignato, & coram aliis Dfiis

(» Spiritualibus & Temporalibus in eodem ParliaTnento

confedentibus, venerunt certi Milites, mifii per Prolocu-torem, & ceteros ipforum Socios, vocatos & congregatos pro tota Communitate Regni Anglie in eodem Parliamento j & pro eadem Communitate, & nomine ejusdem.

requifiverunt prefatum Dnum Ducem Glouceftr’, quod de avifamento distorum Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium, pro bona gubernatione dicti Regni, placeret sibi certificare didbam Communitatem, ad eorum majorem confolationem, quas Personas placeret Dfio firo Regi ordinari facere, pro Officiis Cancellarii & Thefaurarii Angl’, ac Custodis privati sigilli fui: super qua quidem requisitione fic facta, habita in hac parte deliberatione & avifamento pleniori, considerataque sufficientia Personarum, quas bone memorie Dfius Henricus nuper Rex Anglie, Pater Dfii firi Regis moderni, de fua diferetione excellenti, ad Officia hujufmodi, ut Per-lbnas in Officiis illis satis expectas, assignavit idem Dfius noster Rex, paterhum sequens exemplumj de avifamento & aflenfu di£ti Dfii Ducis Commiflarii antedidi, ac omnium & fingulorum Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium pdidorum, nominavit & ordinavit de novo Venerabilem Patrem Thomam Episcopum Du-nelmen’, ad of Kcium Cancellarii fui Anglie, Willielmum Kynwolmerlh Clericum, ad officium TheF Anglie, &c Magiftrum Johannem Stafford, ad officium Custodis privati sigilli fui. Et voluit super hoc idem Dfius noster Rex, de aflenfu & avifamento pdidis, quod tarn prefato Dfio Dunelmen’, Cancellar’ Angl’, de Officio illo excer-cendo fierent Litere Dfii Regis patentes, fub forma que sequitur. — Henricus, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie & Francie, & Dominus Hibernie, Omnibus ad quos presentes Litere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod de avifamento & aflenfu totius Consilii firi, in presenti Parliamento firo existen’, Constituimus Venerabilem Patrem Thomam Episcopum Dunelmen’, Cancellarium firum Anglie. Dantes & Concedentes, de avifamento & aflenfu pdidis, eidem Cancellario firo, omnes & omnimodas Au&ori-tatem & Potestatem, ad omnia ea & singula que ad officium Cancellarii Anglie, de jure five eonfuetu-dine pertinent, feu quovis tempore pertinere con-fueverunt, vice, nomine, & loco noRris, faciend’, excercend’, exequend’, & expediend’, quamdiu Nobis placuerit, pe.rcipiendo & habendo in officio illo, Va-dia & Feoda, ac. omnia alia, & eifdem in fingulis gaudendo,. prout Cancellarii Anglie ante hec tempora habuerunt & percepcrunt, ac aliquo tempore ufi & gavifi fuerunt. Mandantes insuper, & firmiter pre-cipientes, universis & fingulis Ligeis firis Regni firi Anglie, cujufcumque flatus, gradus, feu conditionis fuerint, quod eidem Cancellario firo, in exercitio & executione officii illius, de tempore in tempus, in omnibus obediant & intendant prout decet. In cujus. rei testimonium, has literas noftras fieri fecimus Patentes. Teste me ipso, apud Westm’, xvi die Novembris, Anno regni firi primo. — Quam prefato Willielmo, Thefaurar’ Anglie, de officio illo exercendo, similiter fierent litere Dfii Regis patentes, fub forma que sequitur. — Henricus, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie & Francie, & Dfius Hibernie, Omnibus ad quos presentes Litere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod de avifamento & aflenfu totius Consilii firi, in presenti Parliamento firo existen’, Constituimus diledum Clericum firum, Willielmum Kyn-wolmerfh, Thefaurarium firum Anglie. Dantes & Concedentes, de avifamento & aflenfu pdidis, eidem Thefaurario firo, omnes & omnimodas Audoritatem & Potestatem, ad ea omnia & singula que ad officium TheF Anglie, de jure five confuetudine pertinent, feu quovis tempore pertinere confueverunt, nomine, vice, & loco noftris, faciend’, excercend’, exequend’, & expediend’, quamdiu Nobis placuerit, percipiendo & habendo in Officio illo, Vadia & Feoda, ac omnia alia, & eifdem in fingulis gaudendo, prout Thel’ Anglie ante hec tempora habuerunt & perceperunt, ac aliquo tempore ufi & gavifi fuerunt. Manclantes insuper, & firmiter precipientes, universis & fingulis Ligeis noltris Regni firi Anglie, cujufque flatus, gradus, feu conditionis fuerint, quod eidem Thefaurario firo, in excer-citio & executione Officii illius, de tempore in tempus, in omnibus obediant &c intendant prout decet. In cujus rei testimonium, has literas noftras fieri fecimus

Patentes.

De protestore k detenfore Rc^ri Anglie conitiiuto.

(m. ij.)

16 12° Decembris. . 1788.

Patentcs. Teste me ipso, apod Westm’, xvr die Novem-bris. Anno regni nri primo. Et ulterius, quod fierent afie litere Patentes Dni Regis, prefato Magiftro Johan-ni, Custodi privati sigilli pdidi, de Officio illo excer-cendo, in forma que sequitur. — Henricus, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie & Francie, Sc Dnus Hibernie, Omnibus ad quos presentes Litere pervencrint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod de avifamento St aflenfu totius Consilii nri, in presenti Parliamento nro existen’, Constituimus dilec-tum Clericum nrum, Magiftrum Johannem Stafford, Custodem Privati sigilli nri. Dantes Sc Concedentes, de avifamento & aflenfu pdidis, eidem Custodi, omnes Sc omnimodas Audoritatem Potestatem, ad omnia ea Sc singula que ad officium pdidum, de jure five eonfuetudine pertinent, feu quovis tempore pertinere confueverunt, nomine, vice, Sc loco noftris, faciend’, excercend’, exequend’, St expediend’, quamdiu Nobis placuerit, percipiendo & habendo in Officio illo, Vadia Sc Feoda, ac omnia alia, Sc eifdem in fingulis gau-dendo, prout Custod’ Privati sigilli ante hec tempora habuerunt Sc perceperunt, ac aliquo tempore ufi Sc gavifi fuerunt. In cujus rei testimonium, has literas noftras fieri fecimus Patentes. Teste me ipso apud Westm’, xvi die Novembris, Anno regni nri primo.

Subfequenterque, prefatus Dnus Dux Commiflarius fupradidus, de avifamento Sc aflenfu didorum Domi-norum Spiritualium Sc Temporalium, mifit ex causa pdida, certos Vcnerabiles Dominos, videlicet, Archie-pifeopum Cantuar’, Episcopos Wynton’, & Wygorn’j ac Ducem Exon’; Comitem Warr’; Sc Dominos de Ferrers, Sc de Talbot, ad Communitatem hujus Parliamenti, in Doma fua communi adtunc existentem, & eidem Communitati, per Dominos illos notificavit, Officiarios illos, ad Officia fupradida, in forma preno-tata, fuisse Sc efle nominatos Sc ordinatos; super qua quidem notificatione fic fada, eadem Communitas, de nominatione Sc ordinatione Officiariorum predidorum fic habitis extitit bene contenta, regratiando ex hac causa multipliciter Dno nro Regi, ac fingulis Dominis fupradidis, prout per eofdem Dominos, ex parte dide Communitatis, extitit super hoc in eodem Parliamento reportatum.

24. MEMO RAND’, quodVicesimo septimo die hujus Parliamenti, considerata Etate tenera metuen-diflimi Dni nri Regis Henrici Sexti post. conquestum, quod ipse, circa protedionem & defenfionem Regni fui Anglic, ac Ecclesie Anglicane personaliter intendere non poflit hiis diebds. Idem Dominus Rex, de circumlpedionibus St Industriis, cariffimorum Avunculo-rum luorum Johannis Ducis Bed’, fic Humfridi Ducis Glouceftr’, plenarie confidens, de aflenfu & avifamento Dominorum tarn Spiritualium quam Temporalium, in presenti Parliamento existen’; nec non de aflenfu Communitatis Regni Anglie existen’ in eodem; ordi-navit Sc constituit dictum Avunculum suum Ducem Bed’, in partibus exteris jam existentem, Regni fui, Sc Ecclesie Anglicane pdidorum, Protedorem Sc Defen-strem, ac Confiliarium ipfius Dni Regis Principalem, Sc quod ipse Dux ejusdem Regni Protector Sc Defenfbr, ac ipfius Regis Principalis Confiliarius fit Sc nominetur, postquam redierit in Angl’, Sc ad presentiam prefati Dni Regis venerit. Sc quamdiu extunc in eodem Regno moram fecerit, & eidem Dno nro Regi placuerit. Et ulterius, idem Dominus Rex, de aflenfu & avifamento pdidis, ordinavit Sc constituit, in absentia prefati Avun-culi fui Ducis Bed’, prefatum Avunculum suum Ducem Glouceftr’, jam in Regno fuo Anglie existentem, ejusdem Regni fui, Sc Ecclesie Anglicane, Protedorem & Defenforem, ac Confiliarium didi Dni Regis Princi-palcm; & quod idem Due Glouceftr’, ejusdem Regni Anglie, Sc Ecclesie pdide, Protector Sc Defenfor, ac Principalis Confiliarius ipfius Dni Regis fit fic nominetur, quamdiu Regi placuerit; Sc quod super hoc, Litere ipfius Dni Regis Patentes fierent, fub forma que sequitur.

4

Henricus, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie Sc Francie, Sc Dnus Hibernie, Omnibus ad quos presentes Litere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod Nos, considerato quod in adeo tenera Etate constituti fumus, quod circa protedionem & defenfionem Regni nri Anglie, ac Ecclesie Anglicane, personaliter intendere non pollumus in presenti. Nos, de circumfpedione & Industria, ca-riflimi Avunculi nri Johannis Ducis Bed’, pleqam fidu-ciam reportantes, de aflenfu Sc avifamento, tarn Dominorum, quam de aflenfu Communitatis didi Regni Anglie, in instanti Parliamento existen’; ordinavimus fit constituimus ipsum Avunculum nrum, didi Regni nri Anglie, Sc Ecclesie Anglicane, Protedorem Sc Defenforem, ac Confiliarium nrum Principalem; & quod ipse didi Regni nri Anglie, ac Ecclesie Anglicane, Protector & Defenfbr, ac Principalis Confiliarius noster fit & nominetur, in & juxta vim, formam, & effedum cujufdam Act in dido Parliamento, die date presentium, habiti & concordati; Provish semper, quod pfatus Avunculus noster, nullam gerat aut habeat, vi-gore presentium, potestatem, nec fic ut prefertur nominetur, nisi pro tempore quo prefens hie in Regno nro Anglie fuerit. Sc prout in pdido Ado continetur; quodque cariflimus Avunculus noster Dux Glouceftr’, Nobis in agendis didi Regni iiri Anglie negotiis, poll: ipsum Avunculum nrum Ducem Bed’, Principalis Confiliarius existat fic nominetur, quotiens Sc quando prefatum Avunculum nrum Ducem Bed’, infra, Regnum nrum Anglie pdidum morari contingat; Confidentes insuper ad plenum de circumfpedione Sc industria jididi Avunculi nri Ducis Glouceftr’, de aflenfu Sc avifamento pdidis, ordinavimus fic constituimus ipsum Avunculum nrum Ducem Glouceftr’, in dido Regno nro Anglie jam presentem, didi Regni nri Anglie, ac Ecclesie Anglicane, Protedorem Sc Defenforem, necnon Confiliarium nrum Principalem, quotiens fic quando dictum Avunculum nrum Ducem Bed’, extra Regnum nrum Anglie pdidum morari vel abefle contingat; Et quod ipse Avunculus noster Dux Glouceftr’, Protec- , for fic Defenfor didi Regni nri Anglie, fic Ecclesie Anglicane, ac Principalis Confiliarius noster fit fic nominetur, juxta vim, formam, fic effedum Act pdidi; Provish semper, quod prefatus Avunculus noster Dux Glouc’/ nullam gerat aut habeat, vigdre presentium, potestatem, nec ut prefertur nominetur, nisi pro tempore quo prefens hie in Regno nro Anglie fuerit, in absentia didi Avunculi nri Ducis Bed’, fic prout in pdido Ado continetur. Damus autem universis Sc fingulis Archiepifcopis, Episcopis, Abbatibus, Priori-bus, Ducibus, Comitibus, Baronibus, Militibus, fic omnibus aliis Fidelibus fic Subditis noftris, didi Regni nri Anglie, quorum interest, tenore presentium, fir-miter in mandatis, quod tarn prefato Avunculo nro Duci Bed’, quotiens & quamdiu Protedionem fic Defenfionem hujufmodi fic habuerit fic occupa-verit, quam prefato Avuntulo nro Duci Glouceftr’, quotiens fic quamdiu ipse confimiles Protedionem & Defenfionem habuerit & occupaverit, in premiflis faciend’, pareant, obediant, fic intendant prout decet.

In cujus rei testimonium, has literas nras fieri fecimus Patentes, quamdiu Nobis placuerit duratur’. Teste me ipso, apud Westm’, Quinto die Decembris, Anno regni nri primo.

Super quibus quidem Ado, & Commissione fic fadis five habitis, tenoribus eorumdem coram tarn dido Dno Duce Glouc’, quam prefatis Dfiis Spiritualibus & Tem-oralibus, ledis & recitatis, idem Dnus Dux Glouceftr’, abita inde deliberatione, onus fic excercitium occupa-tionis hujufmodi, ad Dei honorem, Regis fic Regni pdidorum utilitatem, ac Dominorum pJidorum requifi-tionem, super fc quantum ad ipsum pertinuit, aflumere voluit, fic aflumpfit tunc ibidem, juxta formam Act fupradidi. Protestando tamen, quod aflumpfio fua hujufmodi, leu consensus suus in hac parte, prefato Fratri fuo non cederet in prejudicium quoquo modo, quin idem Frater suus ad libitum suum onus hujufmodi

aflumere

V

' affumere, vel non affumere deliberare fe poflit avi-

fare.

Deofficiis & 25. MEMORANDA quod cum Dominus Rex,

Beneficiis ad tam de aflenfu & avifamento Dominorum Spiritualium nwtibusTper & Temporalium, quam de aflenfu Communitatis Regni diaum Protec. Anglie, in presenti Parliamento existen’, per literas fuas forma confc-1* Patentes> ordinaverit & constitueritcariffimum Avuncu-tcod'. lum suum Johannem Ducem Bed’, jam in partibus

exteris. existen’, Protestorem & Defenforcm Regni pdifti, ac Ecclesie Anglicane, necnon Principalcm Con-filiarium suum, Sc quod idem Dux Bed’, didi Regni Protector & Defenfor, ac Principalis Confiliarius didi Dni Regis, fit & nominetur, in juxta vim, formam, & effedum cujufdam Act in dido Parliamento, die date predidarum literarum in eodem Parliamento habiti & concordati; ac insuper, confimiliter idem D5us Re;c, de aflenfu & avifamento pdiftis, ordinaverit & constituerit, in absentia prefati Ducis Bed’, cariflimum Avunculum suum, Humfridum Ducem Glouceftr’, jam in Regno pdifto presentem, Protedorem & Defenforem Regni, Sc Ecclesie pdidorum, ac Principalem Confiliarium suum; Volens quod idem Dux Glouc’, Protector & Defenfor didi Regni, ac Principalis Confiliarius suus, fit & nominetur, in & juxta vim, formam, & effedum Act fupradidi: prefatus Dnus Rex considerans varios . labores, quos prefatos Duces occasionibus premiflis fub-ire oportebit, & volens proinde perlonas fuas honoribus & favoribus prosequi graciofis, de avifamento & aflenfu pdidis, voluit, conceflit, & ordinavit, quod tam prefatus Dux Bed’, quotiens Sc quando onus predidum super fe aflumpferit, & realiter excr uerit occupaverit, quam prefatus Dux Glciceftr’, quotiens & quando. ipse onus illud habuerit & exercuerit, vacantibus officiis Foresta-riorum, Parcariorum, ac Custpdum Warennarum, infra Regnum Anglie, Sc partes Wall’, ad Donationem pdidi Dni Regis, ut ad Coronam fuam pertin’, de eifdcm officiis disponere pofijnt, fub forma subsequenti, Videlicet; Quod quandocumque aliquod officiorum predic-torum vacare contigerit in futur’, uterque Ducum pdic-torum onus occupations Protedionis & Defenfionis hujufmodi habens & excercens, personam idoneam, ad idem officium nominate, & inde fub signeto fuo, Custodi privati sigilli didi Dni Regis, qui pro tempore fuerit, significare poflit; qui super hoc tenebitur Cancellar’ Angl’, vel Custodi magni sigilli pro tempore existen’ Literas fub privato sigillo, pro hujufmodi officio quam-diu Regi placuerit optinend’, in forma debita conficere; Proviso semper, quod quelibet persona aliquod hujufmodi officium, ad nominationem alicujus Ducum predido-rum, virtute Act presentis, per literas Dni Regis pa-tentes optinens in futur’, stet in oflicio illo pacifice, juxta effedum literarum illarum, absque amotione ejufdcm, nisi per Dfium Regem per avilamentum Dominorum Consilii fui, ex causa rationabili coram eis monftrata & probata, amoventur dc eodem. Item, idem Dfius Rex, ex avifamento, confenfu, causa pdidis, voluit, con-ceflit & ordinavit, quod uterque Ducum pdidorum, pro tempore quo Onus Protedionis & Defenfionis pdic-tarum habuerit Sc exercuerit, ad quafcumque Ecclesias Parochiales, ultra taxam Viginti marcarum, usque ad taxam Triginta marcarum inclusive, ac etiam, ad omnes Prebendas- in Capellis Regiis, ad donationem Dni Regis, jure Corone sue spedant’, cum vacaverint, exceptis De-canatibus in hujufmodi Capellis Regiis, durante vigore literarum eis de Protedione Defenfione Regni pdidi ut premittitur confed’, idoneas personas nominare, & inde fub signeto fuo, prefato Custodi privati sigilli didi Dni Regis significare poflit; qui super hoc tenebitur Cancellar’ Angl’, vel Custodi magni sigilli pro tempore existen’, literas fub privato sigillo, pro hujufmodi Ecclesiis & Prebendis optinend’, in forma pdifta conficere; una cum nominationibus in & de permutationibus ratificationibus Ecclesiarum & Prebendarum pdidarum; Cetera autem Officia, Prebende, Beneficia superius non specificata, ac Decanatus pdidi, ad donationem, five presentationem Dni Regis spedantes five spedantia, Vol. XLIV.

ad dispositionem predidi Dni Regis, de avifamento didi Protestoris & Defenforis pro tempore existen’, cete-rorum Dominorum de Consilio didi Dni Regis, de tempore in tempus, cum vacaverint, sint, cedant, & pertineant; exceptis Beneficiis ad dispositionem, tam Cancellarii Anglie ratione Officii fui, quam Thef*

Anglie ratione Officii fui, spedantibus.

26. FAIT aflavoir, ae apres ceo q le Roi fire fove- Deb nomin.' fain Sr, de l’assent & advis de les Seigfirs Espirituelx & t.,onc&, P°a,r

_ . ° ^‘...desSrs Con-

Temporelx, efteantz en eefte Parlement, & auxi de la fci!icr« affir. Commune d’Engleterre assemblez en la mqfme, avoit ,en,* ordeinez & constitut le puissant Prince Humfrey Due de Glouceftre son Uncle, Protedour Sc Defcnfour de les Roialme & Efglife d’Engleterre, & son Principal Confeillour, eri I’absence de l’excellent Prince John Due de Bedeford, Uncle auxi’ a fire dit foverain Sr, a avoir & occupier tielx Protection Sc Defens, foutz certeih fourme en cede fecounde profehein Ade precedent efpe-cifiez, a la retjuefte de la dite Commune furent, p l’advis & assent de tres toutz les Srs avantditz, ntomez & eflutz certeins persones d’estate fi bien Espirituelx come Temporelx, pur Confeillers afliftentz a la governance, les nons des queux persones escriptz en une petit Cedule lueez overtement en eefte Parlement cy enfuent.

Le Due de Glouceftre;

L’Ercevefq de Canterbirs j L’Evefq de Loundres,

L’Evefq de Wynceftre,

L’Evefq de Norwice,

L’Evefq de Worceftrc.

Le Due d'Excetre;

Le Count de la March,

Le Count de Warrewyk,

Le Count Marefchall,

Le Count de Northumbr’,

Le Count de Westmerl’;

Le Sire Fitz Hugh;

Monsr Rauf Crumbwell,

Monsr Wauter Hungerford,

Monsr John Tiptoft,

Monsr Wauter Beauchamp.

27. ET salt auxi aflavoir, q mefmes les persones ifiint nomez & eflutz Confeillers afliftentz, puis cell nomination Sc election, condescenderent emprendre tiele aflistence a la governance, en manere & fourme conte-nuz en une Cedule de papire efeript en Englois, conte-naunt fi bien toutz lours nons, come cynk efpalx articles baillee en ceo mefme Parlement, p mefnjes les persones nomez Confeillers afliftentz, dc la quell Cedule le tenure cy enfuit.

28. THE which Lordis abovesaid ben condefccnded to take it up on hem in the manere and fourme that fueth. First, for afmuche as execution of lawe, and kepyng of Pees, stant miche in Justice of Pees, Shir-refs, and Efchetours, the profits of the Kyng, and the revenuz of the Roialme ben greetly encrefced, or anien-tifehed by Couftumers, Countroullours, Poifours, Ser-cheours, and all suche other Officers. Therfore the same Lordes wol and defircth, that suche Officers, and all othre, be maad by advys and denomination of the said Lordes, saved alweys and reserved to my Lordes of Bedford, and of Glouceftr’, all that longeth unto hem by a special Act maad in Parlement; and to the Buff-chop of Wyncheftre that, that he hath graunted hym by oure fouverein Lord that last was, of whois foule God have mercy, and by auftorite of Parlement con-fermed.

29. ITEM, that all maner Wardes, Manages,

Fermes, and other cafueltees that longeth to die Coroune, whan thei falle, be leeten, fold, and disposed by the said Lordis of the Counfeill, and that indifferently atte the

F derreft,

(m. I. )

L# n»'m*mtion

rs Vrs dvi C ou;ua:i|.

derrcft, with oute favour or eny maner parcialtee or fraude.

30. ITEM, that if eny thyng (hold be enact doon by Counfeill, that fix, or foure at the left, withoute officers of the said Counfeill, be present; and in all grete maters that shall pafie by Counfeill, that all be present, or ellys the more partye; and yf it be suche matere that the Kyng hath been accuftumed to be confeilled of, that than the said Lordes procede not ther ynne withoute th* advise of my Lordys of Bed’, or of Glouc’.

31. ITEM, for afmiche as the two Chaumberlains of th’ Eschcqer, ben ordermed of old tyme to countrolle the receptes and the paiements in eny maner wyfe maad j The Lordys dcfireth, that the Trefourer of England beyng for the tyme, and either of the Chamburlains, have a keye of that that lhold come in to the receit, and that they be fworne to fore my Lord of Gloucetre, and all the Lordis of the Counfeill, that for no frendship they schul make no Man privee, but the Lordis of the Coun-fcill, what the Kyng hath withynne his Trefour.

32. ITEM, that the Clerc of the Counfeill be charged and sworn to treuly enacte, and write daylich, the names of all the Lordis that lhul be present fro tyme to tyme, to fee what, howe, and by whom, eny thyng passeth.

33. ET puis ceo, q toutz les Srs fuifditz, Ieeuz devaunt eux les ditz articles en Parlemenc, & eux bien entcnduz, furent a yceux pleinement aflentuz & accor-dez } suit mefme la cedule de papire, ,p cCrteins de mes Honurables Srs du Parlement, de part le Roi, & toutz le Srs du Parlement, mandez & baillez a l’avantdite Commune, pur eftre afiertez ent de lour entent. Sur quoi en apres la dite Commune de ceo avifce, & p report de plufeurs de mes reverentz & honurables Srs salt en le dit Parlement ceste partie, de part mefme la Commune, reenmercierent ent tres toutz les Srs avantditz, &

’ils feurent bien contentz de toute la contenue en la ite Cedule, ovcfq ceo q a le primer article de les ditz cynk articles, fuisse addez une dause, de purveu, quell mes ditz Srs, reportours de part la dite Courtmune cell partie, baillerent de part eux en Parlement, en une Cedule de Parchemyn escript en Franceis, & dont le tenure cy enfuit. — Purveu toute foitz, q les Srs & autres persones & officers, q ont estate & auftorite, afcuns en en-heritance, afcuns a terme de vie, & autrement, de faire & constituer, p vertue de lour Offices, Officers, Deputes, & Ministres, les queux appartenent a eux affaire de droit, & come annexez a eux & a lour offices, d* auncien temps accuftumez & ufez, ne soient reftreintz ne prejudicicz de ceo q a eux appartient, j> colour de ceste ordinance ou appointcment. — A la quell Cedule dc Parchemyn, & a la contenue en ycell, Ieeuz devaunt les d.tz Srs en Parlement, furent mefmes les Srs bien agrecz ic pleinement affentuz.

2 H.VI. Vol. iv. 201.

15. ITEM salt affavoir, q depuis diverses especiales requestes, p les Communes du Roialme efteantz en iceft

Parlement faitz a Monsr de Glouceftrc, Commissair du Roy, & as autres Seignrs Espirituelx & Temporelx d’icell, pur avoir notice & conisance de les persones assignez, & efiuz d’eftre du Counfaill du Roy, a lour tres graunde case & consolation,p advys & afient de tres toutz les Seignrs Espirituelx & Temporelx avauntditz, furent efiuz & nomez certeins persones, fi Bn Espirituelx come Temporelx, pur eftre Confeillers afliftens a la governance du Roialme, les nouns des queux cy cn-luent.

Le Due de Glouceftr* j

L’Ercevelq dc Canterbirsj L’F.vifq de Loundres,

L’Evefq dc Wynceftre,

L’Evelq de Norwice,

L’Evefq de Worcester j

Le Chaunceller}

LeTreforer;

Le Gardein du Privee Seal j Le Due de Exceftre;

‘ Le Count de March’,

Le Count de Warrewyk,

Le Count Marefchall,

Le Count de Northumbr’,

Le Count de Westmorland;

Le Sire de Crumwell,

Le Sire Fitz Hugh,

Le Sire de Bourghchief,

Le Sire dc Scrop;

Monsr Walter Hungreford,

Monsr John Tiptoft;

Thomas Chaucer,

William Alyngton.

3 H.VI. Vol. v. 406.

TO th’entent of gode Pees, and feure kepyng of the fame, and tranquilitee in this Reaume, in the which standith the profperitee and welfaire of our Soverain Lorde, and of alle his Subgittz, in every state, condition or degree of the famej the which Peeax and tran-quillitee, namely, the Kyng beyng in his tendre age, Itandeth principally in the gode oonhede and accord among the Lordes, the whiche duryng the tendre age aforesaide of the Kyng, Governe and Reule undre hym, and by his audoritee. It is avifed and assented by the Lordes Spirituelle and Temporelle beyng in this present Parlement, that cche of hem shall behote and allure to the Kyng by the faith of his body, and by the trouth and ligeance that he oweth unto hym, that he shall do alle his trewe poair and devoire, to the fuftenaunce and kepyng of the said Pees and tranquillitee; and that for enny cause, occasion, querelle or matiere of debate or hcvyneffe, he ne shall in no wyfe attempt to procede by wey of feet ayenft the persone of eny of the said Lordes Spirituell or Temporell, or eny of the Kynges Coun-feillers j nor purpose, ymagine, wille or do, by hym or by eny meen persone, nor afient to be do, eny bodily harme to eny of the Lordes or Counfaillours abovefeide he of hem whiche ever he be that dothe the contrarie, to renne into the paine of forfaiture of all worship, and of alle that he may forfaite ayenft the Kyng» and that yf eny of hem may knowe, or credibily may here tell of eny suche bodely harme, purposed or ymagined ayenft eny other of the said Lordes or Counfeillers, by eny maner of persone, he shall withftond it and lett it astre his powaire. And that yf eny of the said Lordes or Coun-feillours, of whatever estate, condition or degree that he be, doe or do doo into the contrarie of that that is above-feid, alle the other said Lordes and perlones shall holy lett and withftonde hym, and do all here poaire to put him to relon, suche as the Kynges lawe of this lande, and this agreement, alkith and requireth j and that he of the foresaide Lordes or Counfeillours,that felyth hym felven hevyed or greyed by or ayenft eny of that other of hem, shall withouten eny purpose, will or afient, of eny bodely harme to be doon, oonly intende to peifible and reftfull wayes of redreflfe of that that he felitn hym bevyed or greyed inne j be it by callyng of the partie unto hym, that he felith hym. greyed w*, or by openyng of his hevenefle or grief unto the Kyng’s Counfaill, or other lawfull sute or procefle. This present Ordenaunce to endure unto the tyme the Kyng come, yf God wol, unto yeres of diferction to Governe and kepe his Pees hymfelven.

As towarde th’othe to be made by eche of the Lorde9 and perlWs of the Kynges Counfaille, hit femeth,

undre

N» j.

Pro Conservtfj done Paci*.

Forma jura -mend Conti* liarionum

Ko*.

Articuli per Consilium cditi pro bono

Sublico, le£li i concordat! apod Redyng.

undre correction, it myght be suche in fubftaunce as followeth.

Ye shall as fer furth as your connyng and discretion fuffifeth, trewely, justely and evenly, Counfaille and advyfe the Kyng in alle rnatiers to be comoned, treted ' and demened in the Kyng’s Counfaille, or by, You as the Kynges Counfailler, and generally in all thinges that may be to the Kynges worship, proufit and behove, and to the gode of his Reaumes, Lordeships and Subgittz, withouten parcialtee or acceptation of persons, not levyng or efehewing so to do for affection, love, mede, doubte or drede, of eny persone or persones. And ye shall kepe secrete the Kynges Counfaill, and alle that shall be comuned by way of Counfaille in the fame, withouten that ye shall common it, publish it, or discover it by worde, wryting, or in eny wyfe, to eny per-fbne oute of the same Counfaille, or to any of the same Counfaille, yf it touch hym, or yf he be partie thereto. And that ye shall no yift, mede nor gode, ne promiffe of goode, by you nor by meen persone, receyve nor admytt, for promotion, favouryng, nor for declaryng, lettyng or hinderyng, of eny matiere or thing to be treted or do in the said Counfaille. Ye shall also with all your might and poair, help, strength and assiste, unto the Kynges said Counfaille, duryng the Kyngs tendre age, in all that shall be thoght unto the same Counfaille for the universale gode of the Kynge and of his Land, and for the Pees, Rest and Tranquillitee of the fame} and withftonde any persone or persones, of what condition, estate or degree that thei be of, that wold by way of feet or ellus, attempte or entende unto the contrarie.

And generally ye shall observe, kepe and do, alle that a gode and trewe Counfailler oweth for to doo unto his Souveraine Lorde.

5 H. VI. vol. v. p. 407.

HERE enfuen the names of all the Lordes of the Kynges Counfaille.

The Due of Bedford,

The Due of Glouceftre,

The Due of Exceftre,

The Due of Norfolk;

Th’ Erchiebysshop of Canterbury,

Th’ Erchiebysshop of York, Chanc’j

The Byshop of London,

The Byshop of Wynceftre,

The Bysshop of Durefme, '

The Bysshop of Bathe,

The Bysshop of Norwiche,

The Bysshop of Ely;

Th* Erie of Huntyngdon,

Th’ Erie of Warwyk,

Th’ Erie of Stafford,

Th’ Erie of Salesbury,

Th’ Erie of Northumberland j

The Lorde Cromewelle,

The Lorde Scrop,

The Lorde Bourgchier,

The Lorde Hungerforde,

The Lorde Typtot.

The whiche Lordes abovesaid, been condescended to take it upon hem in manere and forme of certain Articles made and conceyved by hem, for the reule and goode governauncc of the said Counfaille, in wyfe as followeth.

1. FURSTE, that my Lorde of Bedford nor of Glouceftre, ne noon other man of the said Counfaille, in no fuyte that shall be made unto hem, shall behote no savoir, neither in Billes of Right, of Office, of Benefice, nor of other thyng that longeth unto the Counfaille, but oonly to answere that the Bille shall be seene by alle the

Courtfeill, and the partye fuyng so to have resonable answere.

n. ITEM, that all the Billes that shall be put tintd the Counfaille, shall be oons in the Weke attelefte, that is to say, on the Wednyfday, radde before the Counfeil, and ther answers endorsed by the Clerc of the same Counfaille; and on the Friday next followyng declared to the partye fuyng. But yf grete and notable causes touching the Kynges Reaumes and his Lordships lette it.

nr. ITEM, that all the Billes that comprehend rnatiers terminable atte the Common Lawe, be remitted there to be determined. But if so be that the discretion of the Counfaille feele to grete myght on that oo syde, and unmyght on that other, or ellus other cause resonable, that fnalle moeve hem.

mi. ITEM, that no Man of the said Counfaill, take upon hym to be partie in eny matiere to be sped in the said Counfaille; but yf it touche hymfelven. In the which cas he whom the said matiere toucheth, be not present whiles that the feide matiere that toucheth hym is in commonyng.

v. ITEM, that every Man have fulle freedome to say what hym thynketh, to all maner rnatiers that shall be demened or treted in the said Counfaille; and no persone of the same Counfaille conceyve indignation, displefaunce ne wrath, ayenft any other of the said Counfaille, for saying of his advis or entent, to eny requeste or matiere that shall be spoken or purposed in the feide Counfaille, whome that ever it touche; alwey due reverence kept to every Estate and Persone.

vi. ITEM, forasmuche as hit hath welle oftentymes be knowe, that matieres suche as have be spoken and treted in the said e Counfaille, have be published and discovered, which thyng hath caused persones of the said Counfaille to ymagine straungely oon of another, and diverse persones of the said Counfaile to renne in maugre and indignation of persones oute of the said Counfaille, and other grete inconvenientes; that therefore, fro this tyme forthward, no persone, of what degree or condition that he be of, be foeffred to abyde in the Counfaille, whiles rnatiers of the feide Counfaille be treted therynne, save oonly thoo that be sworn unto the feide Counfaille; but yf they be specially called therto by audoritee of the said e Counfaille.

vir. ITEM, that in alle thynges that oweth to pafTe and be agreed by the said e Counfaille, there be vi, or mi atte the leeft, present of the said Counfaille, withouten th’officers, assembled in forme of Counfaille, and in place appointed therfore. And yf thei be suche thynges that the Kyng hath be accuftumed to be coun-failled of, then the said e Lordes precede not therynne, withoute th’advis of the Protedour and Defenfour for the tyme, or ellus by his assent. So alwayes that no matiere be take as assented, but atte the leefte ther assent therto mi Counfaillers, and an Officer; whoos assent neverthelesse shall not suffice, but yf they make the more partie of nombre that is thenne pfent in -Counfaille.

vm. ITEM* that no Bylle be sped but in the place ordeyned for Counfaille; the Confaille beyng there assembled in forme of Counfaille, and the Bylle furst radde their before hem alle: And that eche Man fingu-larly say his advis thereto, and astre that subscribed by the Lordes, be it in the same place or other where, the Clerc of the Counfaille shall bring it hymfelve unto hem.

ix. ITEM, that the Correction, Punition or Re-moevyng of eny Counfeiller, or grete Officer of the Kynges, proceede of th’assent and advis of the more part of all thoo that beth appoynted of the Kynges Counfaille.

a x. ITEM,

20

12° Decembfis.

x. ITEM, that all the matieres that toucheth the Kyng, be preferred alle other, as well in Parlement as

in Couniaille.

xi. ITEM, that in Benefices and Offices longyng unto the Kyng dispofirion, when thei voiden, thoo that hath be servantes to the Kinges Fadre, or his Grand-fire, or be to the Kyng that now is, be preferred thereto; so that ther be found emonges hem persones liable thereto.

xii. ITEM, that oute of Terme tyme, nothyng be spedd in the Counfaille, but suche thyng as for the goode of the Kyng, and of his Lande, alkyth necessary and haftyve spede, and may note goodely be abyden unto the Terme tyme.

xiii. ITEM, yf so be that eny matiere sued in the Counfaille fall inco diverse opinions, yf my Lordes of Bedford, or of Glouceftre, haldyng that o partie, thogh it be the Idle, wol ltirre that other partie by refon to falle unto hem, there refons being herd, o leste then the refons of that other partie cause hem to condescend forthwith unto hem, the matiere shall dwell in deliberation to the next day of Counfaillc; atte the whiche day, after coication had, finaly shall be ftoude to th’opinion of the more partie in nombre} and yf the nombre be egall atte eny tyme, that part in the which my feide Lord of Bedford or Glouceftre is ynne, shall be holden the more partie.

xiiii. ITEM, for as much as it is lykly that many matieres shalle be treted afore the Couniaille, the which toucheth the Kynges Prcrogatyve and Freehold on that oo partie, and other of his Subgittes on that other j in the which matiers the Counfaille is not lerned to kepe the Kynges right and the parties both, withouten th’advis of the Kinges Justices, which been lerned both in his Prerogatives and in his Common Lawe j that in alle suche matieres, his Juges be called thereto, and their advis, with their names also, to be entred of Recorde, what and howe thei determyne and advyfe therynne.

xv. ITEM, that the Clerc of the Counfaille be fworne, that every day that the Counfaille fitteth on eny Billes betwix partie and partie, that he shall, as ferre as he can, afpie which is the poreft Suteurs Bille, and that furst to be radd and answered. And the Kings Sergeans to be sworn trewely and playnely to yeve the pouer Man, that for suche is accept to the Counfaille, assistance and trewe Counfaillc in his matiere so to be sued, withouten eny gode takyng of hem, on peyne of discharge of theire Offices.

xvi. ITEM, in efchewyng of Ryotes, Excesses, Mifgovnaunce and Difobeiffaunce avenft the Kinges Estate, and for the peifible governaille of his Lawes, and in example yevyng of reftfull reule and gode governaille hereafter to all his Subgitts; It is advised by the said Lordes of the Counfaille, determined and or-denned, that no Lorde of what estate, degree or condition that he be of, wityngly receyve, cheryslhe, hold in householde, ne maynteigne, Pilours, Robbours, Op-preflburs of the people, Manfleers, Felons, Outelawes, Ravysffiours of Wymmen ayenft the Lawe, or eny other open mifdoer, lo that the parties greyed by hem shal not dor mowe pursue ayenft hem lawefully, bycause of suche supportation of Lordeship. And also, that nether by colour or occasione of Feofment, nor other-wyfe, my said e Lordes shall take noon other menns cause or quarrcll in mayntenaunce, ne conceyve ayenft eny Juge or Officer indignation or displeifaunce, for doyng of his Office in fourme of Lawe} nor let, by worde, wryting or ellus, the Kynges Common Lawe to have his cours. And that thei kepe this not oonly in her owen persones, but that thei fee that all other in her Cuntrees, ther Scrvantz, and other suche as be undre hym of leste estate, do the fame.

1788;

xvii. IT E M, if'my Lord of Bedford, or of Glouceftre, here or know of the Lordes that be, or in tyme commyng shall be, called of the Kynges Counfaille, or of eny other Lorde, to be noyfed of any extortion, mayntenaunce or takyng of goode, or eny other myfgo-vernaunce, for affection of persone or persones, in prejudice of enny partie 5 that then the said Lordes of Bed-forde or of Glouceftre, or whether of hem that furst hath knowlech thereof, advertyfe hym that so is noyfed, for to kepe hym fro suche noyfe, and for to amend his default, and do no more so; and for to make hym deliver ayen the goode unto hym that he refceyved it of: and yf he so do, well, and ellus alle the Counfaille for to have therof knowlech, and thei alle to make hym to doe it.

xviii. ITEM, that yf eny of the said Lordes, here of other myfgovernaunce, and he that is noyfed of suche myfgovernauncc, be in so ferre Countree from the to ther, that thei may not lightly come togedre; he that so hereth of that other, shall godely certifie hym thereof by worde or wrytinge, to that entent that he may amende it, or ellus that he may excuse hym.

xix. IT E M, that if eny of the said Lordes of the Counfaille, here eny thyng that may charge eny of my feide Lordes of Bedford or of Glouceftre, that he come and advertyfe hem by way of advertyfement; whereof in suche wyfe, my said 11 Lordes, or the toon of hem that in such freendly wyfe (hal be advertyfed, wol con hym goode thank, and fe that it be amended.

xx. I T E M, that no Mann be of the Kynges Counfaille, but suche as be bairely of his Counfaille, and cn-tendyng upon noon other Counfaille in especiall;

xxi. ITEM, that for no report made between Lorde and Lorde, which myght cause eny hevyneffe, that he to whome the report is made, yeve no credence therto, without that he here the declaration of the to there partie; or ellus that he fee so evident cause, that it may not be contraried.

xxii. ITEM, that for no foden reporte of eny persone, neither Prive Seal, ne Writte of Rigour, be not soon passed ayenft eny persone, in prejudice of the partie, without that he be furst herd, save oonly to calle hym to here suche thynges as shall be said unto hym.

xxiii. ITEM, forasmuche as in diverses Shires of this Reaume, as well Lordes as others have many matiers to be do: it femeth expedient that suche were made Shirriefs, as were of name and same trewe and indifferent bitwene the Kinge and the People, and alle parties j and specially that no Man of Lawe be Shirryeff, for ever it is to suppose, that they have oon parties matiere in hand, or other.

xxiiii. ITEM, that there be graunted no Dedimus Potestatem for takyng of the Othe of Shirryefs, but that thei make theire Othe after that the Statut alkyth, and in the Chauncellarie.

xxv. ITEM, forasmuche as Undre Shirryefs be wont for to do execution of Shirryefs Offices, thogh other have the name, and in hem lyeth retorne of Writtes, as well in 00 cas as in other, bothe touching Mennes lyves and enheritaunces: it is therefore thoght expedient, that such undre Sherryefs and also Bayliffes be every Yere chaunged; and that the Sherryef make his othe not to lette it to ferme, ne to make noon undre Shirrief nor Bayliff, that occupyed that Office the yere next afore; but another, such as he wol answere fore at his perill, of goode name and fame, and trewe to the Kyng and to his poeple.

xxvi. ITEM, that the Justices of Pees be every Yere chaunged or newe named, but it be Lordes, and fcmblably the Clercs of the Pees in every Shire , and yf

it

Ip GeO. III. 120 Decembris:

it

De continua-c'oc Gracius ac Statu* D'ni Due' BetiP cum oumi .* rewrmia de* b«ta, &c.

irbe found by enqoemtobe doeljtmade, that Afittt hive not doo duely his Office, arid-ic may be proved, thac thctihc the rygaw of the Seattle ‘be executed in his petfone that foharh offended;

xxvtt.I T E M, forasmuche as no Session of the Pees may be hold withouren thaym, or me of theym, that be named Justices in the Quorum: it seemeth expedient that suche be ordeyned tot to be in the Quorum, as cat) and wql trowejy arjd . duedy labour the said Office, on every behaive as foe- cas requireth; and ellus that foci be corret^ed and puoylhed as the Lawe

' Xtvm. IT E Mpas tdbch'yttg Efchetours, it is thoghc oeceffaire that due encjtierre be made upon hem Chat have occupyed in rime pafld, of alle there con-cellemehtr and other myfgoverna in her Offices, and for cyme to: come that thei have not theire Quietus eft but of the EfchequFer fcr theire‘*discharge> unto tyme that ir'be enquefed for the Kyng of theire counfclle-tttentz’, and myfgovemaunce in her Offices.

xxix. ITE Mt that pp Man beyng Steward with eny Lorde, be ncithty, Shirriefes, nc Efchetours, in the Shires that he is Officer fone. . \

‘:Le<fti fuehinr pfifotrifArriculv Omnri & ftnguli apud Hedyngi vicesimo quarto die-Noveinbris, Anno Regni ©hi nri Regis Quinto, in- pirho' Consilio ibidem con. gregato, & concordatii per Dhos Confil', fuis pro-priis -manibus in robbr Sr fiderfi eorumdem fc tub-(tY-ibemes. - .-* 1 - i. :<

hole Counfaille for the Kyng die! o'ght to be, and' that levyng alle parcialtee and indue affedtkm befyde-hem, thei wold fitt upright, and contende holy to that-that myght be for the gode of the Kyng, and of hia Lande, not (paring for maugre, indignation or displea-faunce of eny Man so to doo, of what -estate or -condition soever he wereit myght not faile but that with" Goddes Grace, the Kyng and his Landes' ihulde ftonde in gode profperitee j and that the Kyng ihulde have a gode reckenyng to ther grete worlbip when he cotne9 to his yeres of his difeferion; nor theynae so disposed, it Ihulde be in no Mans poaire to let hem j and that on the other behalve, yf they did the coritraire, were it the Kyng ourc Soverayn Lorde that nowe is, or whome that ever God dispolrd for to be there Soveraine Lorde for the tyme, thagh perauntre thei plefcd hym as nowe, and for.. this tyme,. he shuld con hem thenpe grete maugre therof, and trust ban the lesse at alle tyme* after.

I T E M, after this it was said e on. the behalfd as before, howe that my said e Lordes of the Counfaille uri-dreftande, that thei have a Kyng whome and noon other thei knowe j and alwey as long as it shall lyke to God to graunt hym lyfe, wole and awe to knowe, tindre God, for their Soveraine Lorde here upon Erthe.: Over this thei undreftande, that all other that berh in and of this Lande, fro the highest unto the lowed, of whatever estate, condition or degree that he be, been his liegemen and his Subgittes, and owen to obeye unto hvm and to his Lawes.

-; Johan. . ,v Jr: - „r

H. Gloticeftrp.\ - j. Huntyngdon.^ - .

-} *H. Cantuarien. t'', H. Stafford. > r: ^:

J. Eboracen’jCanc’. T.SaJiibory. . r W.. London’-, H. Percy-;, -...; Wyntonion’.- ... _ . jCrornewel. - .

j . T. ©unolmcn’. n . ;,5crope. ci_ .;

P. Elieh’. . >, ' > ] j.Hungerfortfc t ] J. BathonienV..: jL^-Bourgchier. , . ’

t c.j;

5 H. VI. ^/.:iyf‘p.*409..‘ .* .

1 MEMOR ANt>U M, that the*' xxv!n,l‘ day of Januer, the Yere of oure ’ Soveraigrie Lord the Kyng the V:h, in the Sterred Charrbre al Westirynftre, it was said end declared umo.my Lorde of Bedford, by my Lord Chancelle’r, in the name of the remenant of my hordes of the Kyngcs Counfaille, that tyme being the re present, that is to wipe, th’ Erchiebylliop of Canterbury, ,jth’ Erchiebylhop of York, the Bylhop of Ely, the B’shop of Bath", the Bishop of Norwiche, th’ Erie of JHnntyngdohi th' Erie.of Stafford, the Lord Crome-yyell, the Lord Scrdp, the Lord Hungerford, (he Lord Tiptot, in substance this that followeth:

a: FU RSXE; after protestation made, that it is in no wyfe th* entent of rpy (aide Lordes of the Counfaille, to withdfcvwe from nay. said e Lorde of Bedford Worship, Reverence, or eny thyng that thei owe unto him, con-lideryng his Birth, and th’astate that God hath.sette hym ynne \ but to'do hyralall Worship, Reverence and plef’ c it.was reraembred howe that after the tyme of his*hdl xx»myng; into'this Lande, he had made ontathe said e Lordes, oif the Counfaille, many notable, goode amd-grete exhorUtions,! by the which he fturred. hem, and also yavt hem hoMneffe, comfort and assurance, to at (price hem trewely. and uprightly, unto the Kyng, and xmso aUe that may be to the:§pde:of hym, and of his Jferaumes, the goode;-Govemaille and Reule bf hem, ahchtolhe ob%vaun<;e and kepyng of his Lawes, . not tettyhg so to do for.hym ne for other persone, as ahti.woilanswere to God and^to ihc Kyng/,at.soche tyrotas yf God ^oi be.shuld come to yeres. of discre-Ictyng hoTLfully.wctc.that and thej wolde be.oon

L.y0L. XLIV. ‘

ITEM, the said.Lordes undreftande, that howbeit that the Kyng as nowe be of tendre age, nevertheless<3 the same aueftoritee refteth and is atte this day in his persone, that ftmll be in hym at eny time hereafter, when he shall come, with: Goddes Grace, to Yeres of dif* cretion. i

ITEM, that forafrr.uche as the King is nowe of focH tendreneffe of age, that by poflibilitee of nature he may not in dede Reule ne Governe in his oivne persone, antt that God ne refon wol that this Lande statide withouten Governaunce; for foemuch the execution of the Kynges said atnftoritee, as toward that that belongeth unto the Politique Reule and Governaille of his Lande, and to th’observilunce and kepyng of his Lawes, belongeth unto the Lordes SpiHntall'and Temporell of his Lande^ at suche tyme as thei be assembled in Parlement, or in grete Counfaille; and ellus, hem not" being so assembled; unto the Lordes chosen and named to be of his continuel Counfeiil, of the whiche my feid Lorde of Bedforde is chiefe, as long as he is in this Lande, and hym not beyng therynne, my Lorde of Glouceftre yf he be therynne; the which Counfaille, the Kvng beyng in such tendreneffe of age, represent his persone, as toward execution of the same Politique Reule and Gbi vernaille of his Lande, and observaunce and kepyng of his said Lawes, withouten that eny oo persone may, or owe alcribe unto hymfelfe the said Reule and Goycr-naille; favyng alway unto my said Lord of Bedford® and of Glouceftre, that that is in especiall reserved and applied unto hem by Act of Parlement, namely, consideryng the grete daungers and perjlls that my laid Lord of Bedford hath, as it is beforesaid*. declared* and th’ experience of tyme passed hath also jQiewed, that th® said.Lordes may for. defaultc of foe feid Reule arid Governaille fall in ayenft the Kyng,.and rekepyng.that thei: may be called unto an other day, the which God cfe refon ne wald that foci.Ihulde, 6 lesse then thei hacl fredom of Counfailljog, and of the said execution and Reule.; v . .; :... t ..

After alle this in.thi9 wyfe strewed and declared voto my foide Lorde of Bedford, it was finally said e unto hyn*i that confidecyng. 4lle these. thinges abpvdaide, ibrthwjrthe the demenyng and gdvernaille of his ofen perfoxiOjfrp the tyme^oLhis commyng. into fois.^an^.

De obedientia Ke^i debit*.

H*ff>onfio*es tiufriem Dncit H Articulou prrmiflo*, Are. cttm fua fub-so iptione maauati.

Responfiontt D*ui Docit Glouc* cum |ua lublerip-c'ot minuali ad prefatot Aincuk*.

the whiche the! had at alle tymes found acdotdyngUnro the fame', thei trusted fully that he in his noble and wyfe discretion, felyd in theefe matiers above lyke as thei did; befecheyng him as for theire hem ease and fuertee, and for the gode of this Lande, that he woulde vouche-feve to declare unto hem his intent therynne, lattyng hym ferther wit that thei, as the Kyngs Counfaille, lent unto hym to come unto the said e Kynges place of Gouh-iaiHe, to th’enteni to open unto hym die matiers above-’ Slide.

The which thynges so opened and declared unto my Slide Lorde of Bedford, it lyked unto his Lordship to say, that he had wel herde and underftande the maderes abovesaide) and that he thinked hem with alle his herte, that hit lust hem so to fend unto hym, and for that cause letyng hem wit, that it was unto hym oon of the greteft gtadnefle that ever fell to his herte, to fee the Kyng, standing in this tendreneffe of age, to have so fadd, so substantiall and so trewe a Counfaille;. and after it lyked hym to say unto hem, that he knoweth the King for his Soverayne Lorde, and himselve for his Liegeman and Subgett to hym, and to his Lawes, accordyng to that that was before reherced: Howbeit that God hath by way of Byrth made hym nerrer hym then eny other; and that in alle thynges that belongeth unto the Reule of the Lande, and to th’observance and kepyng of the Kynges Lawes, and generally in alle thynges that belongeth unto the Kyng and to his estate, he wold be advisea, demeened and reuled by the Lordes of the Counfaille, and obeye unto the Kyng, and to theym as for the King, as lowly as the teefte and poureft Subgett that die King had in 'his Land.

And yf he eny thyng did or attempted, or were dif-j posed to attempt or do in contrarie therof, he wold ate all tymes, with as goode herte and wilk, be refourmed and amended by hem, as eny Man shuld; knowyng this for hb duetee, and that hym oght so to do. Over that, offryng hymfelven in alle thynges that by there advises shall, mowe be to the gode of me Kyng, and of hb Lande, to alfift hem, and therynne yf neae were to Iyf and dye; and to put the said e Lords in more aflii-rance and comfort of hb full wyll, as to the kepyng and observaunce of the thynges abovesaide, it lykea unto my said e Lorde of Bedford, of hb free wylle, withouten that eny other persone fturred or moeved hym therto, to open the Boke of Evangil’ lying in the said e Sterred thambre, and therto fwere by hem, that he wolde trewely observe and kepe the thynges abovesaide, the whiche he had agreed and promitted.

Johan.

Semblably alle the Articles abovesaide, conteignyng Declaration of the Kynges aultoritee and estate, and of the Ligeaunce, Obeyffaunce and Subjection, that alle Men that been ynne - and of this Reaume, fro the heigheft to the lowest, owen att alle tymes unto hym, and to hys Lawes; and also howe and to whome th’cx-ecueion of the Kynges said e au&oritee, hym beyng in thb tendernefle of age, belangech, in alle that toueneth the Politique Reule and Governaille. of hb Lande, and th’observaunce and kepyng of his Lawes; that is to say, the n4, the m4, the nri'k, and the v" Articles above writen, my laide Lorde of Glouceftre agreed hym to, affermyng hem resonable and just, knowyng the Kyng for his Leige Lord, and hymfelven for his Liege Man, and Subgit to hym, and to his Lawes: Howbeit that God hath by way of Byrthe made hym nerrer hym than eny other, lave my Lorde of Bedford hb Brother t and that in alle things that belangeth unto the Reule of the Lande, and to th’observaunce and kepyng of the Kynges Lawes, and generally in alle thynges that bc-langrth to the Kyng and to his estate, he wold be avifed, demened and reuled by the Lordes of the Counfeille, and obeye unto the Kyng, and to theyme as for the Kyng, with alle his herte. And yf be Coy thyng did or

attempted, or were disposed to attempt of do in contty-rie therof, he wol att alle tymes, withe as gode herte and wyll, be refourmed and amendid by hem, as enny Mats shuld; knowyng thb for hb duetee, and that hym aght so to do.

H. Glouceftre.

6 H. VI. Vot. iv. £. 326,

24. MEMORAND’ quod Tertio die Martii, anno Rrfponfio presenti, ilhiftris Princeps Dorftinus Hurrrfridua Duk Glouceftrie, reckando iri presenti Parliamento, quaBtef ipse, statim post initium ejuldem Parliamenti, inter alia declaraverat, quod ipse; in absentia rHuftrb Principis Domini Johannis Duch Bedeford Fratrb fui cariffiqu, Protector & DefenforRegpi Anglie, ac Principalis Confxliarius Domini Regb extitit, quPdque ex non-nullorum relatione diverfas audierat fore opiniones sue audoritath atque poteftath j Cupiens igitur prefaras Dux Glouceftr’, de potestate & automate fub in hac parte plenius certiorari, Universos Dominos Spirituales 8f Temporales, in Parliamento predi&o existen’, attentius exhortabarur & requirebat, quatertus de potestate & auftoritare fuis hujufmodi, per ipforum omnium fans diferetiones & avifamenta defiberare veHent & tra&arc-,

& cum ea celeriute qua poterant ipsum inde certitudi-naliter informare; afferendo quod a Camera Parliamenti predidi fe vellet absentare, donee sibi in hac parte per eos foret responsum. Quibus quidem declarations 8t requisitione auditis, plenius & uvtelledis, Universi finguli Domini Spirituales & Temporales.tunc ibidem presentes, quorum nomina inferius continentur, habita de premifiis deliberation? matura, vifis quoque & dili-genter attends auftoritSte & potestate, cam prefato Domino Bedford, quant predido Duci Glouceftr’, in Parliamento Ahrto regni didi Domini nostri Regis Primo tento, de commuhi confenfu ejufikm Parliamenti conceftb 8t ordinath, considerads edam diverfts Ordina-tionibus per Confllium Domini nostri Regis, in prefen da predidi Duch Bedford & alias habitis & appunduatis, ex eorum omnium unanimi confenfu pariter^8c affenfu, quoddam respcmfhm in feripus fieri & indentari fecerunt;

& illud manibus fub propriis. subseripferunt; quod poftmodum prefato Duci Gtouceftr’, per Venerabilcm ratrem Henricum Archiepifcopum Cantuar’, de ayifa-memo & affenfo predidis, extitit deliberatum. Cujus quidem responfi tenor sequitur, in hec verba.

25. HIEGH and mighty Prince, my Lord of Rcrpmfio Glouceftr’, we Lordes Spirituell and TemporeJl, aflem- D^ni*^* bled by the cotnmaurtdement of the Kytig oure foverain Lord ih yis his present Parlement, be wel remembred howe, yat fone after yfe begynnyng of yis Parlement, hit lyked you to moeve un to us and to lay, yat ye be pro-tedour and defendour of yb Lond, and so named and called , willing yrfore' and desiring to wete of us, what audorite and pouoir belanged unto you, the whiche youre desire ye femblably repeted ye thridde day of yb present moneth of March, saying yat we myzt wd comune matiers of Parlement in youre absence, but we schuld non conclude witht outen you; affermyng also yat ye ne wolde in eny wyfe come in to ye house accuftumed for the Kyng and ye Lordes in Parlement, unto ye tyme yat ye knewe what youre audorite and pouoir were ycrynne. And for fooauche and to yende, yat ye have no cause to absence you fro yis said Parlement for lak of oure answere to youre laid desire, we Lordes above laid calk to mynde, howe yat in ye first Parlement halden by ye Kyng oure foverain Lord yat nowe is, tt Westmonftier, ye de fired to have had ye govtmaunce of yb land, affermyng yat hit belanged unto you of ryget, as wel be ye mene of your birth, as by ye lafte wylle of ye Kyng yat was, youre Broyr, whome God afloilh; alleggyng for you such grounder and motyves as it was yought to youre discretion maad for youre entente Whereuppon ye lordes Spirituel and Tcaiporcl afieau*

9

bled yo in Parlement, among ye which were yo my Lordes your Uncles, ye Byfshop of Wyncheftre yat now lyveth, and ye Due of Excetrc, and your Coufyn Yerle of March yat be goon to God, and of Warrewyk, and oyr in gret nombre yat nowe lyven, had grete and long deliberation and advis, fcrehed precydentes of the go-vernaill of ye land in tyme and ca$ semblable, whan Kynges of yis land have be tendre of age, toke also information of ye lawes of ye land, of suche persones as be notably lerned yerynne, and finally fond youre said deflre nought caused nor grounded in precident’, nor in ye lawe of ye land j ye whiche ye Kyng yat ded ys> in his lyfne migzt by his last will nor otherwyfe altre, change nor abroge, with oute yaffent of ye thre Estates, nor committe or graunte to any persone, governaunce or rule of yis land lenger yanne he lyvod: but on yat oyer behalf, ye said Lordes fond youre said e desire not accordyng with the lawes of yis land, and ayenft ye rigzt and fredome of yestates of ye same land. Howe were it, yat it be not yought, yat any such ying Wetyngly preceded of your entent. And never ye lesse to kepe pees and tranquilliee, and to yerttente to efe and appefe you, hit was avifed and appointed by aufto-rite of ye Kyng, affentyng ye thre Eftatys of this lond, yat ye in absence of my Lord youre Broyer of Bedford, schulde be chief of ye Kynges Counfail, and devised yerfore unto you a name different from oyer Counfail-lers, nought ye name of Tutour. Lieutenant, Governour, nor of Regent, nor no name yat (hold emporte aufto-rite of governaunce of ye lond, but ye name of Protec-tour and Defenfour, ye which emporteth a personell duetee of entendance to ye aftuell defense of ye land, as well ayenft yenemys utward, yf cas required, as ayenft Rebelles inward, yf any were, yat God forbede j graunt-yng you yerwith certain pouoir, ye wien is specified and eonteined in an Act of ye said Parlement, hit to endure as long as it liked ye Kyng. In ye which if yentent of ye said estates had be, yat ye more pouoir or auftorite shuld have had, more (huld have be expressed yerynne j to the wien appointement, ordinance and aft’, ye yoo agreed you as for youre persone, makyng never ye Iefle protestation, yat it was nought youre entent in any wyfe to deroge or do prejudice unto my Lord youre Broyer of Bedford by youre said agrement, as toward any right yat he wolde pretende or clayme in the governance of yis land, and as toward any preeminence yat ye might have or belang unto you as chief of Counfeill, hit is playnly declared in ye said e aft and articules, subscribed by my said Lord of Bed’, by youre self, and ye oyer Lordes of ye Counfeill. But as in Parlement to wien ye be called upon youre faith and ligeance as Due of Glouceftr’, as oyer Lordes be, and non oyerwyfe, We knowe no powar nor auftorite yat ye have, oyer yenne ye as' Due* of Glouceftr* (holde have, ye Kyng beyng in Parlement, at yeres of melt discretion; We merveillyng with all oure hertes, yat consideryng ye open declaration of yauftorite and pouoir belanging to my Lord of Bed’, and to you in his absence, and also to the Kynges Counfeill, subscribed pureli and limply by my said Lord of Bedford, and by you, yat ye Ihuid in any wyfe be lleryd or moeved noght to contente yow yerwith, oyer to pretende you any oyer: Namely consideryng, yat ye Kyng, bliliyd be oure Lord, is fethc ye tyme of ye said e pouoir gratinted unto yow, fer goon and growen ih persone, in wit and underftandyng, and lik with ye grace of God to occupie his owne Rial power with ynne fewe yeres. And forfomuch consideryng ye yinges and causes abovesaid, and oyer many yat long where to write. We Lordes aforesaid, pray,exhorte and require you, to contente you with die pouoir abovesaid and declared, of the wien my Lord youre Broyer of Bedford, ye Kynges eldest Uncle, contented hkn; and yat ye non larger power desire, wille nor use: yevyng you yis yat is aboven wricen, for our answere to' youre forsaide demaunde, ye wien we wollc duelle and abide with, withouten variaunce or changyng. Over yis befechyng and praying you in oure most hum-\ 3

ble and lowly wyfe, and also requiryng you in ye Kynges name, yat ye accordyng to ye Kynges comaundement, conteyned in his Writ sent unto you in yat behalf, come to yis his present Parlement, and entende to ye gode effect’ and spede of matiers to be demefned and treted -in ye fame> lyk as of right ye owe to do.

8 H. VI. Vol. iv. p. 3^6.

13. MEMORAND’ quod licet'in Parliamento, me- De nomine tuendiffimi Domini nostri Regis* apud Westm’, Anno regni fui Primo tento, considerata etate tenera dicti Do- 1 (ra. ,'4.) mini nostri Regis, quod ipse circa protestionem & de-fenfionem Regni fui Anglie, Ecclesie Anglicane, per-' fonaliter intenderc nop potuit, idem Dominus Rex, de Circurpfpeftionibus & Industriis cariflimorum Avuncu-lorum fuorum Johannis Ducts Bedford, & Humfridi Ducis Glouceftr* plenarie confidens; de aflenfii & avi-famento Dominorum tarn Spiritualium quam Tempo-ralium, in Parliamento predifto existen*, necnon de af-sensu Communitatis Regni Anglie existen' in eodem, ordinaverit & constituerit dictum Avuqcufom suum Ducem Bedford’, in Partihus exteris tunc existen*,

Regni fui & Ecclesie Anglicane prediftorum Protesto-rem & Defenforem, ac Confiliarium ipfius Domini Regis principalem: & quod ipse Dux, ejusdem Regni Pro-teftor & Dcfenfor, ac ipfuis Regis principalis Confilia-rius efifet & nominaretur, postquam rediret ip Apgl’, &; ad prefeptiam prefati Domini Regis veniret, 6c quarpdiu extunc in eodem Regno moram faceret, eidem Do-miho noftro Regi placeret. Et ulterius, idem Dominus Rex, de afienfu & avifamento prediftis, ordinaverit & constituerit, in absentia prefati Avunculi fiii Ducis Bedford, prefatum Avunculum suum Ducem Glouceftr’, tunc in Regno fuo Anglie existen tern, ejusdem Regni &

Ecclesie Anglicane Protestorem & Defenforem, ac Confiliarium ipfius Domini Regis principalem; & quod ipse Dux Glouceftr’, ejusdem Regni Anglie & Ecclesie pre-dicte Protestor & Defenfor,. ac principalis Confiliarius ipfius Domini Regis effet & nominaretur, quamdiu Regi placeret; & quod super hoc, litere ipfius Domini Regis patentes fierent fub ccrca forma, in quodaiVi acto inde in Parliamento predifto edito, & in Rotulo ejusdem Parliament! irrotulato coptenta, prout in eodem acto plenius continetur. Quia tamen prefatus Dominus noster Rex,

Sexto die Novembris, Anno presenti, Protestionem 85 Defenfionem Regni & Ecclesie prediftorum in Corona-tione fua fufeepit, atque ad eadem Ecclesiam & Regnum protegend’ & defendend’ in dicta fua Coronatione Sacra-mentum preftirit oorporale; pro eo etiam quod avifamento diligenti &c deliberatione matura habitis, inter Dominos Spirituales & Tenoporales, in prefer.ti Parliamento existen’, utrum dictum nomen Prate<storis & De-fenforis, ex caula predifta, ceffare deberet, necne; audi-tifque & intdleftis nonnullis notabilibus rationibus 6c q\~ legationibus in hac parte fastis: tandem vjdebatur Domi-nis Spiritualibus & Temporalibus, quod dictum nomen Protestoris & Defenforis, a tempore Corpnationis pre-dicte, ex causa predifta, specialiter cefifare deberet} nomine tamen Principalis Confiliarii dicti Domini nostri Regis, prefatis Ducibus &c eorum altcri, quamdiu eidem Domino Regi placuerit, juxta formam & effectum asti &c Lite-rarum Patentium prediftorum, in omnibus semper, salvo.

Ptefatus Dux Glopceftr’, notificatis sibi hujufmodi avifamento 6c deliberatione Dominorum prediftorum, pre-dictum nomen Protestoris & Defenforis Ecclesie Regni prediftorum tantum, Quinto Decimo die Novembris, dicto Anno presenti, in presenti Parliamento, quantum ad personam Ida in tarvuim pertinuit, realitef dimifit 6c relaxavic. Protestando tamen, quod dimiffi®

& resignatio foa hujufmodi, prefato Jrr^itri fuo Dqdi Bedford non cederent in prejudicium quoquo tnodo, quin idem Frater suus ad libitum suum nomen illud di-mittcre vel non dimittere dcliberare fe poffit avifare; dimissione 6c resignationq prediftis in aliquo non obftan-tibtis.

10 H.

t Decembris. A. 1788.

16.

Quot Domini ....

ad Subscrip* cionet.

at.

€)rdinstto apud Circn-cdtcr.

io ti.VI. Vol. '9. 43

THE xxviii Day of Januer, the Yere of the Regr.e of the King, &c. the x°, hit was advised and accorded atte Canterbury, that notwithstanding th’Article of Counfail whiche that declareth, that in alle thynges to be passed in Counfaille, there shall at the leefte assent mi Counfaillers, and an Officer; Whoos assent nevertheless shal not suffice, but yf thei make the more partie of the nombre that is thenne present in Cotlnfaille, yf so be that th’Officer wol not yeve his assent, the thingfe neverthelesse that (hulde be so passed by Coilnfeil, shall, so that theire assent therto the more partie of the Coun-fcillers assembled in fourme of Counfeil, be holde as passed. Purveyd alwayes, that in alle matiers, and specially in suche as belonge specially to the knowleche of the Chauncdler and of the TreP, as by way of their Offices, the presence and advises of the said e Chaunceller and Trcar, or ellus the presence and th’advis of that oon of hem, be specially had and axed therynne; and their advises and relons, or ellus the advise, and relon of the toon of hem, herd; so as my Lordes the Kynges Uncles, or ellus that oon of hem whether is present, and the moofte parte of alle the Counfeillers, thehke most expedient for the goode of the Kyng and of his People, and assent unto, to be holde as concluded in the said e matieres; and that the Kepar of the Prive Seal make out therupon Lettres under the Kynges Prive Seal, yf the cas require it, thogh that noon Officer subscribe hym to hys Warrant.

H. Glouceftre.

H* Cantuarien’.

P. Elien’.

J. Bathoflien’.

W. Lincoln’.

J. Roffen’.

J. Norff’.

J. Huntyngdon.

W. SufP.

J. Scrap.

Hungerford, Thef’.

13 H.VI. Vol. v. p. 438.

Undre protestacion made, that it is not the entent of eny of the Lordes of the Kyngs Counfeil here present, eny thyng to advise, counfail, require or do, that mygbt be prejudicial to the Kyngs Regalie, Pre-eminence, Dignitee, or reftreint of his freedom or power.

FOR as muche as it may be supposed that suche mocions and fturynges apart as have be made to the Kyng but late agoo, myght femblabli be made unto hym hereafter; his humble and trew Subgittz and Counfeillers that been here present, advisen, that it be feide unto hym on theire behalves, that how it be that God of his Grace have endewed the Kyng with as grete under-standing and felyng, as evere thei sawe or knewe in any Prince, or other persone of his age, whereof thei thanke God with alle theire hertes, as thei have grete matere and cause; nevertheless, to quite hem truly to God, to the Kyng, ancfto his Poeple, thei dar nat take upon hem to put hym in conceit or opinion', that he is as yit endewed with so grete felyng, knowleche and wifdame, the whiche mud in grete parte growe of experience, ne with so grete forfight and discrecon to departe and chefe, namely, in materes of grete weight and difficultee, that it is expedient and behoveful to hym and to his poeple, fro that that myght be prejudicial, gillous and harmeful to hym or to his poeple, that it (huld be expedient to hym as yit change the rule and governance that afore this in his tendre cage hath by his grete Counfeil in Par-lement, and ellus, be advised and appointed for the goode and feuretee of his noble persone and of this

Lande. And for foe muche thei with al humblefle be-feche the Kyng, that yf any suche fturynges or mocions be maad to hym ap4rte, in thynges of greet weight and fubftahee, and in especial suche as may touche his noble persone and estate, or changyng of the forfeid reule, the whiche> as thei truste to God; shall be founde that hath be to the Kyng right profitable and behovefull, that it lyke to the Kyng noght lightly to agree him or assent therto j but that til be conrlmunieacon, and be heryng; feying and experience, he be fprther growen and en-crcfced in felyng and knowleche of that that belongeth to gode reule and governaile, and of forfight, suche as-U nedeful to departe and cheie that that is behoveful to hym, and to his Lande, fro the contraire; to the.whiche knowleche and felyng with Gods grace he is like to reche as fone as any it is possible by nature, and as it hath be seen in any persone afore this tyme; it like, if any suche mocion be maad to hym, before then he agree him, or aflente to any suche mocion or fturyng, to take therupon th’advis of his grete Counfeil, or his continuel Counfeil for the tyme beyng, in the wife as hit hath liked hym to doo but late agoo; the which manere of his demenyng, as it is trowed and thoght to his feid befechers, shall be oon of the gretteft (euretee that can be advised, to the wele and profperitee of his noble estate, and all his Landes and Subgitts.

Leda suit prefens Cedula, de verb* ad verbum, per Dfium Cancellarium, coram Diio Rege apud Ciren-ceftre, xu° die Novembris, Anno regni fui tercio de-cimo, de avifamento, confenfu & mandato Dominor’ de Consilio tunc ibidem prefencium, & per eundem Dnurn Regem gratanter admifla & acceptata; pfentibus Dnis Cardinal’ Angl’, Cantuar’ & Ebor’ Archiepis; Ebor’ & Norff’ Ducibus; Dunelm’, Elien’, Bathon’, Cane*; Lincoln’ & Norwic.’ Epis, Warr’, Staff’, Northumbr’ & Suff’ Comitibus; de Beaumont, de Welles, Croroe-well, Thef’, Hungerford & Typntot Baronibus; Will© Lyndewode, Custode privati Sigilli, & Wilio Phelip, Camerar’ Regis.

32 H.VI. Vol. v. p. 238.

22, MEMORAND’, quod Duodecimo die Novem? prorogate bris, Anno didi Domini Regis Tricesimo secundo, in Parliament;, quern diem prefens Parliamentum prorogatum & ad- a^d.’ us; jornatum existit, Dominis Spiritualibus & Temporalir 3* Hen vi. bus, ac Communibus Regni Anglie, in dido Parliamento apud didam Viliam de Redyng in domo refedorii Ab-bacie ibidem ad hoc preparat’ simul comparentibus; Venerabilis Pater Johannes Cardinalis & Archiepifco-pus Cantuar’, Cancellarius Anglie, de maodato ejusdem Domini Regis speciali, ipso Rege abfonte, recitavit quod cum prefatus Dominus Rex, pro quibufdam arduis & urgentibus negotiis ipsum, ac Statum & Defenfionem Regni fui Anglie, ac Ecclesie Apglicane concernentibus prefens Parliamentum suum apud didam Viliam de Redyng, Sexto die Martii ultimo preterito fecerit con-vocari, & usque Vicefimum odaviim diem ejusdem

Mensis ibidem, favente Domino, teneri & continuari j quo quidem tempore, quamplures & norabiles Conceffiones per prefatos Communes eidem Domino Regi sue-rint fade; pro quibus Conceflionibus, ac etiam pro magnis teneritate & amoris naturalitate sibi per ipfos adtunc oftenfis, idem Dominus Rex prefatis Communibus muitum regraciabatur, promittens eis Dominuru fuinn graciofum fore & benevolum. Et pro eo quod ipse, sacrum & folempne Feftum Pafche adtunc appro? pinquare considerans, dictum Parliamentum suum, usque Vicefimum quintum diem Aprilis tunc prox’ futut' usque Palatium suum Westm’ adjorpaverit &. proro-gaverit, quod quidem Parliamentum eodem Viccfimp quinto die Aprilis apud dictum Palatium rqaflumptum, ibidem usque Secundei diem Julii tunc prox’ fequeo’ tentum & continuatum fuerit; ad quern quidem Se«

Sic Orig.

\ ' CVindym

l*rorogatio it adjomali® Parliament!. A.D. 1454. 31 Hen. VI.

29 Geo. III.

12° Decembris.

*5

cundum diem Julii, dictus Dominus Rex continuam moram . Domini & Communes predifti eidem intendendo Parliamento fuftinuerit j & quod diverfis Pe-titionibus in eodem Parliamento exhibitis minime re-Iponfum fuerit, nec adtunc commode fieri potuerit, eo quod tempus autumpnale adtunc institerir, considerans, dictum Parliamentum suum usque prediftum Duodeci-mum diem Novembris, & usque distam Viliam de Re-dyng a Palatio fuo Westm’ adjornaverit & prorogaverit. Et pro eo quod idem Dominus Rex, de magna mortali-tate in dicta Villa de Redyng jam regnante, quam qui-libet pro pofle fuo vitare intendat, edoftus fuerit, ac pro aliis certis de caufis pro quibus ad didos diem & locum non venerit, prefato Cardinali & Archiepifcopo dederit in mandatis, ac sibi per Literas ipfius Regis Patentes magno sigillo fuo figillatas potestatem & auftoritatem commiserit, ad idem Parliamentum a predido Duodecimo die Novembris, usque Undecimum diem Februarii tunc prox’ futur’, usque ad Redyng predid’ nomine Regio prorogand’ & adjornand’. Quarum quidem Literarum tenor sequitur in hec verba:

HENRICUS, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie ic Francie, & Domiiius Hibernie, Omnibus ad quos presentes litere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod cum Parliamentum nostrum apud Redyng nuper inchoatum, & usque ad Duodecimum diem Novembris prox’ futur’ ibidem tunc tenend’ adjornatum existat; Npfq; ibidem ad diem ilium ob certas caufas personiliter interesse non poffimus: Nos idcirco, de circumfpedione & industria Venerabilis Patris Johannis Cardinalis & Archiepifcopi Cantuar’, Cancel-larii nostri Anglie, plenam fiduciam reportantes, aflig-navimus & ordinavimus eundem Cardinalem & Ar-chiepifcopum, ad intereflend’ apud Redyng predict’. Duodecimo die Novembris fupradifto, & ad idem Parliamentum ab eodem Duodecimo die Novembris, usque Undecimum diem Februarii prox’ futur’, usque ad Redyng predict’ nomine noftro prorogand’ & adjornand’. In cujus rei testimonium, has Literas nof-tras fieri fecimus Patentes. Teste me ipso apud Westm’, vi die Novembris, Anno regni nostri Tri-cefimo secundo.

Per ipsum Regem & Consilium.

Quibus quidem Literis in pleno Parliamento & in distorum Dominorum & Communium presentia, aperte leftis & plenius intelleftis, idem Cardinalis & Archie-pifcopus, dictum prelens Parliamentum, ab eodem Duodecimo die Novembris, usque dictum Undecimum diem Februarii tunc prox* futur’, usque ad Redyng predict’, juxta tenorem literarum prediftarum, nomine Regio re-aliter adjornavit & prorogavit 5 omnibus &. fingulis quorum interfuit firmiter injungendo, quod dicto Unde-cimo die Februarii, apud prediftam Viliam de Redyng, excufatione quacumque ceflante, personaliter conveni-relit, ad trastand’, communicand* & consentiend’ super hiis questunc ibidem pro pacis bono ac Regis & Regni commodo, favente Domino, contigerint ordinari.

23. MEMORAND’, quod Undecimo die Februarii, apud distam Viliam de Redyng, ad quos diem & locum prefens Parliamentum prorogatum existit, Johannes Comes Wygorn', Thefaurarius Anglie, in presentia Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium, ac Communium Regni Anglie, infra Abbaciam Ville predifte simul comparentium, regratiatione tarn prefatis Dominis, quam Communibus, de eorum Laboribus & intendentiis ex parte dicti Domini R'gis prijnitus facta, declaravit qqa-liter idem Dominus Rex, ob certas caufas ad diem & locum predict’ personaliter interesse non potuit, & idcirco, per Literas fuas Patentes assignavit & ordinavit eundem Comitem ad idem Parliamentum, ab eodem Undecimo die Februarii, usque Quartumdecimum diem ejusdem mensis Februarii, usque ad Palatium Regium Westm’ nomine Regio prorogand' & adjornand’. Quarum quidem Literarum tenor sequitur in hec verba:

HENRICUS, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie & Francie, Vol. XLIV.

& Dominus Hibernie, Omnibus ad quos presentes litere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod cum Parliamentum nostrum apud Redyng nuper inchoatum, & usque . ad Undecimum diem Februarii prox’ futur’ ibidem tunc tenend’ adjornatum existat , Nofque ibidem ad diem ilium ob certas caufis personaliter interesse non poflimus:

Nos idcirco, de Circumspectione & Industria cariflimi Confanguinei nostri Johannis Comitis Wygorn’, The-faurarii nostri Anglie, plenam fiduciam reportantes, assignavimus & ordinavimus eundem Comitem, ad intereflend’ apud Redyng predict’, Undecimo die Februarii fupradifto, & ad idem Parliamentum ab eodem Undecimo die Februarii, usque Quartumdecimum diem ejusdem mensis Februarii prox’ futur’, usque ad Palatium nostrum Westm’ nomine noftro prorogand’ & adjornand*. In cujus rei testimonium, has Literas noftras fieri fecimus Patentes. Tcfte me ipso apud Westm’, vi* die Februarii, Anno regni nostri Tricesimo secundo.

Per ipsum Regem & Consilium.

Quibus quidem literis ibidem de verbo ad verbum recitatis & intellcftis, prefatus Comes, juxta tenorem literarum prediftarum, dictum Parliamentum usque Quartumdecimum diem Februarii tunc prox’ futur’, usque ad Palatium Regium Westm’ nomine Regio prorogavit & adjornavit; omnibus & fingulis quorum interfuit firmiter injungendo, quod dicto Quartodecimo die Februarii, apud dictum Palatium Westm’, excufatione quacumque ceflante, personaliter convenirent, ad trastand’, communicand’ & consentiend’ super hiis questunc ibidem pro pacis bono ac Regis & Regni commodo, favente Domino, contigerint ordinari.

24. MEMORAND’, pro eo quod Dominus Rex, De proee-qui prefens Parliamentum suum nuper apud Redyng *rndo in Par* inchoavit & tenuit, & usque Quartumdecimum diem ia‘neBt0" Februarii, Anno dicti Domini Regis Tricesimo secundo, ad Palatium suum Westm’ adjorn&ri ordinavit, propter certas justas & rationabiles caufas in eodem Parliamento in persona fua interesse non potuit; idem Dominus Rex, de avifamento & aflenfu Consilii fui, quafdam Literas Patentes fub magno Sigillo fuo signa-tas, coram Dominis Spiritualibus & Temporalibus in presenti Parliamento dicto Quartodecimo die Februarii existen’ legi fecit in hec verba:

Henricus, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie & Francie, &- Dominus Hibernie, Omnibus ad quos presentes Litere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod cum pro quibuf-dam arduis & urgentibus negotiis Nos, Statum De-fenfionem Regni nostri Anglie, ac Ecclesie Anglicane contingentibus, quoddam Parliamentum nostrum nuper apud Redyng teneri, & usque Quartumdecimum diem hujus instantis mensis Februarii, ad Palatium nostrum Westm’ adjornari ordinaverimus: Quia vero dicto Parliamento noftro propter certas justas & rationabiles caufas in persona nostra non poterimus interesse. Nos de Circumspectione & Industria cariflimi Confanguinei nostri Ricardi Ducis Eborum plenam fiduciam reportantes, eidem Confanguineo noftro ad Parliamentum prediftum nomine noftro tenend’, & in eodem procedend’, & ad fa* ciend’ omnia & lingula que pro nobis & per nos pro bono regimine & gubernatione Regni nostri predifti, ac aliorum Dominiorum noftrorum eidem Regno noftro pertinen’ ibidem fuerint faciend’, necnon ad Parliamentum illud finiend’ & diflolvend’, de aflenfu Consilii nostri, plenam tenore presentium Committimus potestatem. Dantes ulterius, de aflenfu ejusdem Consilii nostri, tarn universis & fingulis Archicpifcopis, Episcopis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Ducibus, Comitibus, Baronibus & Militibus, cum omnibus aliis quorum interest, ad Parliamentum nostrum prediftum conventur’, similiter,

tenore presentium firmiter in mandatis, quod eidem Confanguineo noftro intendant in premiflis in forma predifta. In cujus rei testimonium, has Literas noftras fieri fecimus Patentes. Teste me ipso apud Westm’, xiii die Februarii, Anno regni nostri Tricesimo secundo.

H Per

Request.i fifta per Com'i.unet pro t.'onfilu profundi rta-biiitione.

(n. 19.)

Crrti Domini allt^nati tue-runt ad colio-quend' cum KrCr luper cciti&articulif.

Per ipsum Regerri Sc Confiliuni.

30. ME MO RAND’, that on Tuesday the xix day of Marche, the Communes were before the Duke of York, the Kynges Lyeutenaunt in this present Parle-fnent, and the Lordes Spiritiielx and Temporelx, in the Parlement Chambre, jtnd there it was opened and declared by theire Speker, that howe uppon Wennesday then last part, it was shewed unto theym by the mouth of the Chaunceier of England, the grete juparte and perill that CaleF and the Marches there ftode inne, and also the grete neceflite of purveaunce for the defence and faufgard of the fee, the which kan not be doo with-oute xl m. li. or more, praiyng and humbly befekyng the said Lieutenaunt and Lordes, to call to theire good rctentyve and wyfe remembraunce, the: grauntes that were made by theym to the Kyng at Redyng,' in the begynnyng of this present Parlement, the whiche been as grete as they kan calle to remembraunce to have be made to the Kyng by his Communes, or to eny of his full noble Progenicours, the whiche grauntes wull suffice as they trust to the defence of Calcf’ and kepyng of thd fee, and that the said grauntes may be emploide to th’ entent and effect that they were graunted fore; praiyng also the said Lieutenaunt and Lordes, to have theym Cxcufcd of eny ferther grauntes to be made by theym at this tyme, for they kan not, may not, ne dar not make eny moo grauntes, considered the grete povert 'and pe-nurie that be among the Communes of this land, for whom they be comen at this tyme, and that this theire excuse myght be enacted in this high Courte of Parlement. And also where in the begynnyng of this present Parlement at Redyng, it was opened and shewed by the mouth of the said Chaunceier of England, that ther shuld be ordeigned and establisshed, a fadde and a wyfe Counfaill of the'right diferete and wife Lordes and othir of this land, to whom all people myght' have recours for myniftryng of justice, equite and rightwefn«?fle, wherof they have noo knoweleche as yit, and desired the Lordes that therof they mowe have notice and knowe-lege, for the grete joy and comfort of all theym that they be come fore. And also that it shuld lyke the said Lieutenaunt and Lordes, to have specially and tenderly recommended the peas of this land, accordyng to theire request made before tyme, the whiche shuld be right joyous and comfortable to theym, and to all the Commune of this land, for whom they be come at this tyme. And therto it was aunswered be my Lord Cardinal Chaunceier of England, that they shuld have good and comfortable aunfwcre, widiout eny grete delay or tariyng.

Jt. MEMORAND’, that the xxiii day of Marche, forafmoche as God hath called to his mercy, and shewed his willc upon Maister John Kempe, late Cardinall Archcbisshop of Cauntcrbury and Chaunceier of England, whoos foule God afToile, and by whoos deth th’ office of Chaunceier of England ftondith nowe voidc j the whiche office, of force and neceflite for the case of the people and proccflc of the lawe mud be occupied; it was advised, ordeigned, afiented and thoroughly agreed by the Duke of York, the Kynges Lieutenaunt in this present Parlement, and all the Lordes Spirituelx and Temporelx assembled in the Parlement Chambre at Wcflm’, that certain Lordes, that is to feie, the Bis-shoppes of Wynchellre, Ely and Chcftr’j the Erles of Warr’, Oxon’ and Shrouefbury; the Viscountes Beau-mond and Bourghchicr; the Priour of Saint John’s; the Lordes Fauconbergge, Dudley and Stourton, shulde ride to Wyndelore to the Kynges high presence, to fheweand declare to his Highnesse the said materes, and othir certain matiers the whiche of neceflite muffc be ordeigned and purveied fore, as in the instruction ther-uppon made plainly apperith, wherof the tenour fucth in this forme;

Infiruttion yeven by the Duk of York, the Kynges

Lieutenaunt of his Parlement, and othir Lordes Spirituel! and Temporell of the said Parlement, to the right re-verentFadres in God the Bisfhops of Wyncheflr’, Ely and Chestr’; th’Erles of Warrewyk, Oxenford and Shrovef-bury; the Vicountes Beaumont and Bourghchier; the Lordes Priour of Seint John’s, Faucomberge, Dudde-ley, and Stourton jointely: The whiche Credence they shall opene, if they fynde the Kynges dispofltion suche, that he shall mowe and will att£nde to» the heryng and underflondyng therof, and ellys they Ih’all opene but oonly the furst and second Articles.

F U R S T, they shall recommaunde the said Lieutenaunt and Lordes, as humbely and mekely as they can to the Kynges gode grace, saying the r is noo erthely thing that they desire more, or setteth nerre to here hertes, than to here of his welfare, and relief of his grete fykenefle that hit hath liked God to visite his Highnesse with, accordyng to thaire faith, ligeance, trouth and love, that they owe and bere unto hym.

ITEM, they shall faye that the said Lieutenaunt and Lordes, astir theire power, and such discretion as God hath endued theym with,- befieth theym, and en-tende daily to the spede of his Parlement, and to frichd thynges as they thynke is to the weel of his Highnesse, and of his Landez and Subgettez; and that his lawes may be observed and kept, and Justice ministred to every persone, for rebukyng of mylgovernaunce j and wuld be as gladde and as joyfull as they coude be, if theire diligence myght avaunce and further the Kynges welfare and his Roiall estate, and the comune welle.

ITEM, sith it is foo that hit hath plefed God, the whiche disposeth all thyng’ as he will, to take out of this worlde and calle to his mercy, the most Reverent Fader in God late Cardinal and Archebislhop of Caun-terbury, his Chaunceier of this lande, by whoos deth the said Archebislhopryche is voide, and his Highnesse rem'ayneth difpurveide of a Chaunceier: The feid Lieutenaunt and Lordes, thinke they mull of her trouth and verray neceflite lete the Kyng have knowelege therof, to th’ entent that they may underftonde howe they shall demeane and behave thayme, afwell in providyng for the Churche of Caunterbury, as for the go-vernaunce of his grete Seals. And as toward the leid provision of the Churche of Cauntcrbury, that it please his Highnesse to open and declare his gracious entent, and what perfoone that is thought most expedient to his gode grace to be promoted therto; and in lyke wyfe in providyng for his Chaunceier of this lande; and they shall put theym in theire devoire by all the meanes that they canne, to have verray and clere knowelech of the Kynges entent in the matiers abovesaid.

ITEM, they shall late his Highnesse have in knoweleche, that as soone as the said Lieutenaunt and Lordes underftode that the said most Reverend Fader was passed to God, they for the fuerte of the said Seels, and in efchewyng all inconveniences, made theym in the presence of diverse notable Lordes, to be brought afore all the Lordes of his Parlement, and there to be opened and shewed, and astir that to be closed in a Coofre, and to be sealed with diverse Lordes Seales, and be leide uppe in his Treforie, where they remayn in his Treforers and Chamberlayns kepyng.

ITEM, they shall remembre that it pleased the Kynges Highnesse in this his Parlement at Redyng, to commaunde to be openned to the Communes of this Lande, his gracious entent to ordcigne and flablislhe a diferete and a fadde Counfaill, the whiche was to the said Communes a grete rejoyfing and comfort, info-moche that nowe late by the mouth of there Speker, among othir thynges at too tymes hath be made re-questes to the said Lieutenaunt and Lordes, that the said Communes myght underflonde and have knowelege, of cffe&uell procedyng to die llablisftiyng of the

t

said Counfaill, wherfor certaine Lordes and persones be named under the Kynges correction, to take uppori theym the said charge j and they shall mowe declare what persones be foo named, and underftande whethir the Kynges good grace be content with the said persones, or whethir he will chaunge Or sette afyde eny of theym, to th’entent that his will may be observed and kept.

IT E M, forafmoche as the matiers abovesaid be of grete weight, and rhuft be kept full secrete, -they shall opene theym to noo persone but onely unto the Kyng, and they shall use th’ordre of th’articles abovesaid, as it shall be thought to theym behovefull and expedient.

Rkfponfio 32. MEMORAND’, that the xxv Aiy of Marche, ^rediftorurt Bislhops of Wyncheftr’, Ely and Chestre; th’Erles ^ipercolloquio of Warr', Oxon’ and Shrouefbury; the Vicountes Beau-habitocum mond and Bourghchier; the Priouf of Seint John’s; the Rege' Lordes Faukenbergge, Dudley and Stourton, opened

and declared by the mouth of the Byslhop of Wyncheftr’, to the Duke of York, the Kynges Lieiitenaunt in this present Parlement, and the othir Lordes Spirituelx and Temporelx assembled in the Parlement Chambre, that they accordyng to that that was putte uppon theym upon Saturday the xxiii day of this present moneth of Marche; by th’advys of the Lordes Spirituelx and Temporelx, that they Ihuld goo to Wyndefore to the Kynges high presence, and to open and declare to his Highnesse, certain matiers conteigned in an instruction delivered to theim by the said Lieutenaunt, and the said Lordes Spirituelx and Temporelx, were at the Kynges high presence, and in the place where he dyned; and anoon astir his dyner was doon, the said matiers were opened and declared by the mouth of the Bisshop of Chestr’, tight connyngly, faddely and wurlhipfully, nothyng in fubftaunce chaunged from the said instruction, added ne dyminlsshed, as the said Bisihop of Chestre cart more clerely declare to theire Lordships. And theruppon the said Bisihop of Chestr’ shewed and declared, howe that the openyng and declaryng of the said matiers, by - th’avis of the Lordes that were sent to Wyndefore, was put uppon hym, howe be it he thought hymfelf right unable therto j and that he furst opened and shewed to the Kynges Highnesse the hi first Articles; as it was advised by the Lordes or they went; that is to fey, the humble recommendation of the Lordes to the Kyrtges Highnesse, the grete desire of his hele, and the grete diligence of the Lordes in this Parlement. And then for afmoche as it liked not the Kynges Highnesse to yeve eny answere to the Articles, the said Bisihop of Chestre, by th’advis of all the othir Lordes, declared and opened to the Kynges Highnesse; the othir matiers conteigned in the said instruction; to the whidie maters ne to eny of theim they cowede gete noo answere ne signe, for no prayer ne desire, lamentable chere ne exhortation, ne eny thyng that they or eny of theim cowede do or ley, to theire grete forowe and discomfort. And then the Bisihop of Wincheftr’ feid to the Kynges High-nefle, that the Lordes had not dyned, blit they Ihuld goo dyne theym, and wayte uppon his Highnesse ayen astir dyner. And so astir dyner they come to the Kynges Highnesse in the same place where they were before j and there they moeved and fturred hym; by all the waies and meanes that they cowede thynke, to have answere of the matiers aforesaid, but they cowede have noon; and from that place they willed the Kynges Highnesse ta goo Into an othir Chambre, and fd he was ledde be-twene 11 men into the Chambre where he lieth; and there the Lordes moeved and fturred the Kynges Highnesse the thirde tyme, by all the means and weyes that they coude thynk, to have aunswere of the said matiers, and also desired to have knoweleche of hym, if it Ihuld like his Highnesse that they shulde wayte uppon hym eny lenger, and to have aunlwere at his leifer, but they cowede have no aunswere, worde ne signe; and therfor with forowefull hartes come theire way. And*the feij x

Bislhops of Wyncheftre,- Ely and Chestr’j th’Eries of Warr’, Oxon’ and Shrouelburyj the Vicountes Beau-mond and Bourghchier; the Priour of Saint John’s; the Lordes Faukenbergge, Dudley and Stourton, and eve-ryche of theym, praied that the said Instruction, and this theire reporte, myght be enacted in this high Court of Parlement of record.

33. IT E M, pro eo quod Vicesimo septimo die Prottflatio

Martii, Domini Spirituals & Temporales in presenti £bonjrtDuC'* Parliamento congregati, certis de caulis ipfos moventi- is.)

bus, elegerunt & nominarunt kicardiim Ducem Ebo-

rum fore Protestorem & Defenforem Regni Anglie, quamdiu Regi placeret; idem Dux in Craftino detulit quandam Cedulam in papiro, certos AfticuloS conti-nentem, quos in Rotulo ejusdem Parliamenti inaftitari affeftabat, quorum tenores cum fuis responfionibus hie fequntur:

34. HOWE be it that y am not fuflxeiant of my felfi of wyfdome, cdnriyng nor habilite, to take Uppon me that wurthy name of Protestour and Defenfour of this land, ner the charge therto apperteinyng, wherunto hit hath liked you my Lordes to calle, name and desire me, unwurthy therunto) under protestation if y shall applie me to the parfourmyng of your said desire, and at your instance take uppon me with your supportation the said name and charge; I desire and pray ydu, that in this present Parlement, and by auftorite therof, hit

be fenacted, that of yoUr lelfe and of your free and mere v disposition, yfe desire, name and calle me, to the said name and charge, and that of eny presumption of my self, I take yaym not uppon me, but onely of the due and humble obeiffaunce that I owe to doo urlto the Kyng, our most dradde and Souveraine Lord, and td you the Perage of this lande, in whorri by th’occasion of th’enfirmite of our said Sotlveraind Lord reftethe th’exercice of his auftoritet, whoos noble commaunde-ment£s y am as redy to parfourme and obey, as eny his Liege man olyve: and that at suche tyme as it shall please our blessed Creatour; to restore his most noble persone to helthfull disposition; hit shall lyke you so to declare and notifie to his good grace.

As to this Article, it is thought by the Lordes, that Responfidj the said Duke desireth that of his grete wyfdome for his discharge. And it is thought also by all the Lordes, that for theire discharge in this behalfe, there Ihuld be suche an Afte made in this Parlement for hem, aecor-dyng to an Afte made in the tendre age of the Kyng our Soveraine Lord, that they in fcmblable case of ne-celfite, be compelled and coarted so to chose and name a Protestour and Defendour.

3J. ALSO that it shall lyke you lovyngly, diligently; duely and effectuelly, to assiste me of your harty favours, tendre zele and fad advises, to th’execution and expedition of that that may be to the honour, profperite and welfare; of th’estate and dignite of our said Soveraine Lord, to the rest and tranquillite of his people, and to the observation of his lawes; wherunto I shall employe my persone with ydu, to the uttermuft perrell or jupardy therof, whan so ever hit shall nede that so y shall doo. _ '

It is agreed; as for all due, lawefull and refonablt afiistence within the lande, for the wele of the Kyng and of his said land.

36. ALSO that suche auftorite and power, as it shall lyke you that y shall have for th’execution of the said charge, and also the fredome and libertee that shall therunto belong, be to me declared, and that y mowe knowe howe ferre the said power and auftorite, and also the fredame and libertee shall extende, dui yng the tyme that it shall plaise our said Soveraine Lord that y shall have hit; and that the same auftorite, power, fredame and libertee, be also in the said Parlement, and by th’auftorite therof enacted, ratified and confermed.

As to this Article, it is advyfed by the said Lordes, Rtfponfio,

that

12° Decembris.

KcIpoufjO*

Jlcfponfio#

Pc Protestofe* (m. J7-)

i8

that the said Duke shall be chief of the Kynges Coun-laill, and devyfed therfor to the said Duke a name different from other Counfaillours, nought the name of Tutour, Lieutenaurtt, Governour, nor of Regent, nor noo name that shall emporte audorite of governaunce of the lande; but the said name of Protedour and De-fenfour, the whiche emporteth a personell duete of en-tendaunce to the aduell defence of this land, afwell ayenft th’enemyes outward, if case require, as ayenft Rebclles inward, if eny happe to be, that God forbede, duryng the Kynges pleaser, and so that it be not prejudice to my Lord Prince j and theruppon an Act to be made by audorite of this present Parlement.

37. ALSO that it be ordeigned, appointed And flablisshed in the said Parlement, and by audiorite therof, howe muche y shall take and refcey ve of our said Sove-raine Lord, to lufteyn, maynteyn and supporte, the said name and charge, for the honour of hym and this his land, that must of neceflite belonge to the same charge, for the pollitique and reftfull rule of this said londe, for the tyme that it shall please his Highnesse that y shall accept and use the same name and charge j praiyng and defiryng you, that thees my protestation and desires mowc bee in the said Parlement enacted.

As to this Article, it was thought that precedentes_ were to be feyn j and also the said Duke to be communed with, to wyte, what somme hit shall lyke hym to agree to, consideryng the tyme that was in the daies of lyke precedentes, and the tyme that nowe is; and theruppon an Act to be made by audiorite of the said Parlement.

Also that suche Lordes Spirituel and Temporel, as be named and chofyn of the Kynges Counfaill, take uppon theym so to bee, and also accept and admit the , charge therof, afwell as at theire instance, exhortation and desire, I thogh unhable take uppon me under theire supportation the said name, and the charge therto be-longyng.

As to this Article, it was thought that the Lordes that be named to be of the Kynges Counfaill, (huld have communication togedre, and to be avifed theruppon.

38. MEMORAND’, quod Tertio die Aprilis, Anno regni metuendiflimi Domini nostri Regis Henrici fexti pod Conquestum Tricesimo secundo, infirmitate qua Altifiimo Salvatori noftro personam suppremi dicti Domini nostri Regis placuit visitare considerata; sibi & Consilio fuo videtur, fi ad ea que ad adualem execu-tionem Protedionis & Defenfionis Regni fui Anglie, ac Ecclesie Anglicane requiruntur, personalitcr intenderet, quod persone sue nimis tediofum, ac celeris rccupe-rationis fanitatis ejusdem impediofum existeret. Idem Dominus noster Rex, de Industria & Circumfpedione carifimi Confanguinei fui Ricardi Ducis Eborum plenarie confidens, de aflenfu & avifamento Dominorum tarn Spiritualium quam Tcmporalium in presenti Parliamento existen’, necnon de aflenfu Communitatis Regni Anglie existen’ in eodem, ordinavit & constituit dictum Confanguineum suum, Regni fui & Ecclesie Anglicane predidorum Protedorem & Defenforem, ac Confili-arium ipfius Domini Regis principalem; & quod ipse Dux ejusdem Regni Protcdor & Defenfor, ac ipfius Regis principalis Confiliarius fit & nominetur, quamdiu cidem Domino Regi placuerit; audoritate didi Ducis quo ad excercitium & occupationem oneris Protedoris

be Defenforis predid’ oifiino ceflante, cum five quando Edwardum didi Domini Regis filium primogenitum contigerit ad annos diferefeionis pervenire, fi idem Ed-wardus onus Protedoris & Defenforis predidorum super fe adtunc alTumere voluerit; & quod super hoc Litere Domini Regis Patentes fierent fub forma subsequenti:

HENRICUS, Dei gratia, Rex Anglic & Francie, & Dominus Hibernic, Omnibus ad quos presentes Li-tcrc pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod considerata

A. 1788.

infirmitate qua Altifiimo Salvatori noftro Nos visitare placuit, fi ad ea que ad adualem Protedionem & Defenfionem Regni nostri Anglie, ac Ecclesie Anglicane requiruntur, personaliter intenderemus, perlone nostre nimis tediofum, ac celeris recuperationis fanitatis nostre impediofum existeret. Nos pro eo, de Circumfpedione & Industria cariflimi Confanguinei nostri Ricardi Ducis Eborum plenam fiduciam reportantes, de avifamento & aflenfu tarn Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium, quam de aflenfu Communitatis Regni nostri Anglie, in instanti Parliamento noftro existen’, Ordinavimus & Constituimus ipsum Confanguineum nostrum, didi Regni nostri Anglie & Ecclesie Anglicane Protedorem & Defenforem, ac Confiliarium nostrum principalem j & quod ipse ejusdem Regni nostri Anglie & Ecclesie Anglicane predid’ Protcdor & Defenfor, ac principalis Confiliarius noster fit et nominetur, quamdiu Nobis placuerit j in & juxta vim, formam & effedum cujuf-dam Act in dido Parliamento, die dat’ presentium ha-biti & concordat; audoritate didi Ducis quo ad excercitium & occupationem oneris Protedoris & Defenforis predidorum oifiino ceflant’, cum five quando.

Edwardus Filius noster Primogenitus ad annos diferefeionis pervenerit, presentibus Literis noftris Patentibus* necnon vigore & effedu earumdem, extunc minime valituris, fi dictus Edwardus, cum ad hujufmodi annos pervenerit, onus Protedoris & Defenforis predid’ super fe aflumere voluerit. Damus autem universis & nn-gulis Archiepifcopis, Episcopis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Ducibus, Comitibus, Vicecomitibus, Baronibus, Mi-litibus, & omnibus aliis Fidelibus & Subditis noftris didi Regni nostri Anglie quorum interest, tenore presentium firmiter in mandatis, quod prefato Confangui-neo noftro Duci Eborum, quotiens & quamdiu Protedionem & Defenfionem hujufmodi fic habuerit & occupaverit, in premiflis faciend’ pareant, obediant & intendant, prout decet. In cujus rei testimonium, has Literas noftras fieri fecimus Patentes. Teste me ipso apud Westm’, Tertio die Aprilis, Anno regni nostri Tricesimo secundo.

Quibus omnibus Acts ledis & recitatis, acceptis & approbatis audoritate fupradida, idem Dux Eborum, habita prius matura deliberatione, onus & excercitium nominationis & occupations hujufmodi, ad Dei hono-rem Omnipotentis, laudem & gloriam, Regis & Kegni predidorum commodum 8t uulitatem, necnon Dominorum predidorum complacentiam & requisitionem, rei publieeque augmentum, in fe quantum ad ipsum pertinuit aflumere le velle dixit, & aflumpfit tuno ibidem, juxta formam Act poteftatis & Conceflionum predid’. Et ulterius idem Dominus Rex, de aflenfii & avifamento predidis, ordinavit & constituit, quod Edwardus Filius suus Primogenitus, cum five quando ad annos diferefeionis pervenerit, Regni Anglie & Ecclesie Anglicane Protector & Defenfor, & principalis Confiliarius ipfius Domini Regis fit & nominetur, quamdiu eidem Domino Regi placuerit, fi idem Edwardus, cum ad hujulmodi annos pervenerit, onus Protedoris & Defenforis predid’ super fe aflumere voluerit. Et super hoc Litere Domini Regis Patentes fierent fub forma subsequenti:

39. HENRICUS, Del gratia, Rex Anglic & Francie, & Dominus Hibemie, Omnibus ad quos presentes Litere pervenerint, Salutem.

SCIATIS, quod considerata infirmitate qua Altifiimo Salvatori noftro Nos visitare placuit, fi ad ea que ad adualem Protedionem & Defenfionem Regni nostri Anglie, ac Ecclesie Anglicane requiruntur, personaliter intenderemus, persone nostre nimis tediolum, ac celeris recuperationis fanitatis nostre impediofum existeret. Nos pro eo, de Circumfpedione & Industria Edwardi cariflimi Filii nostri Primogeniti plenam fiduciam naturalem reportantes, de avifamento & aflenfu tarn Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium,

quam

quam de aflenfu Communitatis Regni nostri Anglie, in instanti Parliamento noftro existen’, Ordinavimus & Constituimus, quod prefatus Edwardus, cum five quando ad annos discretionis pervenerit, Regni nostri Anglie & Ecclesie Anglicane Protector & Defenfor, ac principalis Confiliarius noster fit & nominetur, quamdiu Nobis placuerit, fi idem Filius noster, cum ad hujufmodi annos pervenerit, onus Protedoris & Defenforis predidorum super fe aflumere voluerit, in & juxta vim, formam & effedum cujufdam Act in dido Parliamento die dat’ presentium habiti & concordats Damus autem uni-verfis & fingulis Archiepifcopis, Episcopis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Ducibus, Comitibus, Vicecomitibus, Baroni-bus, Militibus, & omnibus aliis Fidelibus & Subdids noftris didi Regni nostri Anglie quorum interest, te-nore presentium firmiter in mandatis, quod prefato Edwardo Filio noftro Primogenito, cum ad predidos annos pervenerit, quotiens & quamdiu Protedionem & Defenfionem hujufmodi fic habuerit & occupavcrit, in premiflis faciend’ pareant, obediant & intendant, prout decet. In cujus rei testimonium, has Literas noftras fieri fecimus Patentes. Teste me ipso apud Westm’, Tertio die Aprilis, Anno regni nostri Tricesimo fe-cundo.

40. MEMO RAND’, quod cum Dominus Rex, tarn de avifamento & aflenfu Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium, quam de aflenfu Communitatis Regni fui Anglie, in presenti Parliamento existen’, per Literas fuas Patentes ordinaverit & constituerit cariflimum Confanguineum suum Rica’rdum Ducem Eborum, Pro-tedorem & Defenforem Regni fui predidi & Ecclesie Anglicane, necnon principalem Confiliarium suum; & quod idem Dux Eborum, did’ Regni Protector & Defenfor, ac principalis Confiliarius didi Domini Regis fit & nominetur, in & juxta vim, formam & effedum cujufdam Act in dido Parliatnento die dat’ predida-rum literarum in eodem. Parliamento habiti & concordats Ac insuper, idem Dominus Rex, de aflenfu & avifamento predidis, per alias Literas fuas Patentes ordinaverit & constituerit Edwardum cariflimum Filium suum Primogenitufn, cum five quando ad annos dif-crecionis pervenerit, Protedoretn & Defenforem Regni & Ecclesie predidorum, ac principalem Confiliarium suum. Volens quod idem Filius finis, cum ad hujuf-modi annos pervenerit, Protector & Defenfor didorum Regni & Ecclesie, ac principalis Confiliarius suus fit & nominetur, fi ad tunc onus Protedoris & Defenforis predidorum super fe aflumere voluerit, in &*juxta vim, formam & effedum cujufdam Act in dido Parliamento die dat’ didarum Literarum in eodem Parliamento habiti & concordat: prefatus Dominus Rex, considerans varios labores, quos tam prefatum Edwardum, quam prefatum Ducem, occasionibus premiflis fubire oportebit, & volens proinde personas fuas Honoribus & Favoribus prosequi grofis; dc avifamento & aflenfu predidis, voluit, conceflit & ordinavit, quod tam prefatus Edwardus, quotiens & quando cum ad annos predidos onus predidum super le aflumpferit & realiter exercuerit & occupaverit, quam prefatus Dux, quotiens & quando onus illud habuerit & exercuerit, vacantibus officiis Forestariorum, Parcariorum, ac Cuf-todum Warennarum, infra Regnum Anglie & partes Wallie, ad donationem predidi Domini Regis ut ad Coronam fuam pertinent’, de eifdem officiis disponere poflit fub forma subsequent’ videlicet, quod quando-cumque aliquod ofliciorum predidorum vacare conti-gerit in futur’, & donationi didi Domini Regis spec-tans, tam dictus Edwardus, cum ad annos predidos pervenerit, onus predidum super fe adtunc aflumens, quam dictus Dux, occupations Protedionis & Defen-fionis hujufmodi onus habens & excercens, personam idoneam ad idem officium nominare, & inde fub Sig-neto fuo Custodi privati Sigilli didi Domini Regis qui pro tempore fucrit significare poflit j qui super hoc te-Yol. XL1Y.

nebitur Cancellario Anglie, Vel Custodi rhagni Sigilli pro tempore cxiften’, Literas fub privato Sigillo prot hujufmodi officio quamdiu Regi placuerit optinend’ in forma debita conficere. Proviso fempef, quod, quelibet " persona aliquod hujufmodi officium, ad nominationem alicujus Edwardi & Ducis predidorumi-virtute Act presentis per Literas Domini Regis Patentes optinenS in futur’, stet in officio illo pacifice, juxta effedum Literarum illarum, absque amotione ejusdem, nisi per Domi-num Regem, per avifamentum Dominorum Consilii fui, ex causa rationabili coram eis monftrat’ & probata amoveatur de eodem. 'Item, idem Dominus Rexj ex avifamento, concenfu & causa predidis, voluit, conceflit & ordinavit, quod uterque Edwardi & Ducis pre-did’, pro tempore quo onus Protedionis & Defenfionis predidarum habuerit & exercuerit, ad quafcumque Ecclesias parochiales ultra taxam viginti Marcarum usque ad taxam Triginta Marcarum inclusive, ac etiam omnes Prebendas in Capellis Regiis ad donationem Domini Regis jure Corone sue spedant’, cum vacaverint, exceptis Decanatibus in eifdem Capellis Regiis, durante vigore literarum eis separaliter de Protedione & Defen-fione Regni predidi ut~premittitur confed’, idoneas personas nominare, & inde fub Signeto fuo prefato Custodi privati Sigilli didi Domini Regis significare poflit t qui super hoc tenebitur Cancellario Anglie, vel Custodi magni Sigilli pro tempore existen’, L.iteras fub privato Sigillo pro hujufmodi Ecclesiis & Prebendis optinend* in forrtia predida conficere, una cum nominationibus in & de permutationibus & ratification bus Ecclesiarum &

Prebendar’ predidarum j cetera autem Officia, Prebende & Beneficia, superius non specificata, ac Decanatus predid’ ad Donationem five presentationem Domini Regis spedantes five spedantia, ad dispositionem predidi Domini Regis, de avifamento predidi Protedoris & Defenforis pro tempore existen’, & ceterorum Dominorum de Consilio didi Domini Regis, de tempore in tempus, cum vacaverint, sint, cedant & pertineant, exceptis Beneficiis ad dispositionem tam Cancellario Anglic ratione Officii fui, quam Thef Anglie ratione officii fui spedantibus. Insuper cum ita fit quod idem Dux, in tenendo honorifice Statum suum, quern ampliare needle erit consideratione & causa didi liominis Protedoris & Defenforis, cum ampliores Honores illo respedvl sibi debeantur, qui secum onera trahunt, eritque con-cursus frequentior ad eundem tam Subditorum Regis quam extraneorum fua negotia profequentium, Rex, de aflenfu & avifamento predidis, voluit, conceflit & ordinavit, quod idem Dux, durantibus Protedione &

Defenfione predidis, habeat & percipiat annuatim pro vadiis fuis, non quantum alii ante hec tempora habue-runt, fed solum Duo m. marc’, attenta exili condition^ moderna, & hoc per viam regardi, habeatque de hoc securam folutionem aut competentem assignationem.

Et fi durante onere fupradido, casus exigat ut idem . Dominus Dux laborem personalem fubire oporceat, pro illo speciali labore itinerando aut equitando aliterve pro-fififeendo, pro Regardo remunerationem feorfum habe-bit rationabilem & competentem. Proviso semper, quod prefens Actus non extendat nec aliqualiter prejudicialis existat Margarete Regine Anglie, de aliqua conceflione sibi per dictum Dominum , Regem fada, neque alicui Adui Parliamenti pro ipsa fado.

33 H. VI. Po/. v. p. 284.

30. MEMORAND’, quod Duodecimo die NO- Cortniiiflto<*« vembris, Anno regni didi metuendiflimi Domini Regis Tricesimo quarto, in quern diem prefatus Dominus Rex prefens Parliamentum suum adjornavit & prorogavit j pro eo quod idem Dominus Rex, in dido Parliamento propter certas justas & rationabiles caufas in persona fua interefie non potuit, quafdam Literas Patentes fub magno Sigillo fuo signatas, primo coram Dominis Spi-ritualibus & Temporalibus, deinde coram Communibus

1 in

12° Decembris.

A. 1788.

KeqOeftt fa«£>a prr Communci pro Protcitore ha bend '.

in diClo Parliament existen’ legi mandavit, in hec verba:

HENRICUS, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie & Francie,

& Doininus Hibernie* Omnibus ad quos presentes Li-tere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciacis, quod cum pro qui-bufdam arduis & urgentibus negotiis, Nos, statum Defenfionem Regni nostri Anglie, & Ecclesie Anglicane contingentibus, quoddam Parliamentum nostrum nuper apud Palatium nostrum Westm’ teneri, & usque ad Duodecimum diem hujus instantis mensis Novembris ad idem Palatium nostrum adjornari & prorogari ordinave-rimus: Quia vero dido Parliamento noftro propter cer-tas justas Sc rationabiles caufas in persona nostra non po-terimus interesse; Nos, de circumfpedione & Industria cariftimi Confanguinei nostri Ricardi Ducis Eborum plenam fiduciam reportantes, eidem Confanguineo noftro ad Parliamentum predidum nomine noftro tenend’, & in eodem procedend’, & ad faciend’ omnia & lingula que pro Nobis Sc per Nos, pro bono regimine & gu-bernatione Regni nostri predidi, & aliorum Dominio-rum noftrorum eidem Regno noftro penmen’, ibidem fuerint faciend’, necnon ad Parliamentum illud finiend’ & diffolvend’, de aflenfu Consilii nostri, plenam tenore presentium commifimui poteftatcm: Dantes ulterius, de aflenfu ejusdem Consilii nostri, tarn universis & fingulis Archiepilcopis, Epil'copis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Duci-bus, Comitibus, Vicecomicibus, Baronibus & Militi-bus, cum omnibus aliis quorum interest, ad Parliamentum nostrum predidum conventur’, similiter tenore presentium fimniter in mandatis, quod eidem Confanguineo noftro intendant in premiflis in forma predida. in cujus rei testimonium, has Literas noftras fieri fecimus Patentes. Teste me ipso apud Westm’, Undecimo die Novembris, Anno regni nostri Tricesimo quarto.

Per Breve de privato Sigillo & de data predida, auc-toritate Parliamenti.

31. MEMORANDA that the xin day of the said moneth of November, it was shewed to the Duke of York, the Kynges Lieutenaunt in this present Parle-ment, and to the Lordes Spirituell and Temporell, by the mouthe of Burley, accompanyed with notable nom-bre of the Coes, in name of all the Communes. That howe it had liked the Kynges Highnesse for certayn causes hym moevyng, to assigne the said Duk of York to be his Lieutenaunt in this present Parlement, and to precede in matiers of Parliament, as in the Kynges letters theruppon made and late radde before the said Communes it is playnly conteyned, and that* the said Duke of York had taken uppon hym so to procede. Wherfore it was thought by theym that were commen for the Communes of this lande, that if for suche causes the Kyng heraftre myght not entende to the protection and defence of this lande, that it ftiuld like the Kyng by th’advis of his said Lieutenaunt and the Lordes, to or-deigne and purvey suche an liable persone, as (huld mowe entende to the defence and protection of the said lande, and this to be doon as fone as it myght be, and they to have knowclcge therof, to that entent rhat they myght fende to theym for whom they were commen to this present Parlement knowelege, who ftiuLd be Pro-tedour and Defenfour of this lande, and to whom they (huld mowe have recours to sue for remedie of injuries and wronges done to theym. And allb where there ben grete and grevous riotes doon in the Weste Countrey, betwene Th'erle of Devonshire, and the Lord Bonevile,' by the whiche fom Men have bemurdred, some robbed, and Children and Wymen taken: It is thought that if suche Protestour and Defenfour were had, that suche riotes and injuries (huld be lbuner punyslhed, Justice largely miaiftred, and the lawe more duely to procede: Wherfore ic myght lyke the said Lieutenaunte and all the Lordes, to be goode meanes unto the Kynges High-iiefle, that suche a persone myght be purveide fore and had. And theruppon it was answered by the Arche-bislhop of Caunterbury, Chaunceler of England, that the said Lieutenaunt and all the LordeS, wolde comon and delibre uppon theire desire, and they (huld have suche aunswere as (huld be plcafyng to God, and profitte to the land.

32. ITEM, the Saturday, the xv day of the said De eodem. moneth of Novembr’, the said Burley, accompanied in grete nombre of the Communes, in name of all theire (elawes, come before the said Lyeutenaunc and all the Lordes in this present Parlement, openyng before theym* that howe uppon Thursday last past, it was desired by theym that were comen for the Communes of this lande, that for afmoche as it liked the Kynges Highnesse for certeyn causes meovyng hym, and that he myght not personelly entende to procede in matiers of Parliament, to assigne the Due of York to be his Lieutenaunt in this his high Court of Parliament, to procede in suche matiers, as in the Kynges Letters Patentes theruppon made, radde and declared before the said Communes of this lande, is plainly conteyned.

That it myght like their good Lordlhippes, to be good meanes to the Kynges Highnesse, that if he for suche causes myght not personelly heraftre entende to the defense of this lande, to ordeyn and provide an liable persone to be Protedlour and Defenfour of this lande.

It is yit thought to theym that be come to this high Court of Parlement for the Coes of this lande, that where there be mony grete and grevous riottes done in the West Contrey, where fom Men ben robbed and fom flayn, and mony grevously hurte and injuried, if the Kyng (huld be vexed and troubled with suche matiers* and that his people (huld have recours to his Highnesse to complayne, and sue to hym for their grevaunces, matiers and fuetes, it (huld be overe grevous and tedious to his Highnesse, and that there fiiuft be a persone to whom the people of this lande may have recours to sue to for remedy of their injuries* for these causes, they that be comen for the Communes of this lande to this high Court of Parliament, required the said Lieutenaunt and all the Lordes, that it myght like theire good Lordlhippes to be good meanes to the Kynges Highnesse, that suche persone myght be ordeyned and purveide, that (huld mowe entende to the protection and defence of this lande, and that they myght have knowelege of hym, his power and auCtorite, the whiche (huld be to theym right grete comfort and consolation. Wher-uppoh it was aunswered by th’assent of the said Lieutenaunt and Lordes, by the mouthe of the (eid Chaunceler, that the said I ieutenaunt and all the Lordes woold comon uppon their desire, trustyng to God they (huld have therof good and comfortable aunswere.

33. ITEM, this same day, astre the voidyng of the Eleflio pr0-said Burley and of theym accompanied with hym out teaoru* of the Parliament Chambre, this question was axed by the said Chaunceler of the Lordes* feyng, my Lordes, for afmoche as the Communes have made twies theire desire and request, and that it is underftoud that they woll not ferther procede in matiers of Parliament, to the tyme that they have answere of theire desire and request, what is thought to your wyfdomes that (huld be done in this behalfe ? To the whiche question it was aunswered by all the Lordes: That for the causes above meoved by the said Communes, it were right expedient and behovefull, that suche a Protestor and Defenfor (huld be had as the Communes desired. And than the said Chaunceler feide to all the Lordes: sith it is expedient and behovefull that suche Protestor and Defenfor (huld be had, asked who that persone (huld be, and that it (huld lyke theym to name hym. And there it was aggreed by all the Lordes Spirituelx and Tempo-relx, every Lord severally yevyng his voice and assent, considered the grete noblenefle, ladnefie and wyfoome 6 of

of the Due of York, the fad governaunce and polletique rule had in this lande, the tyme that he was l&ft Pro-tedlour and Defenfour of the land, that he shuld nowe take the charge uppon hym ayen, astre semblable pre-fidences as he had it before: to the whiche the said Due of York aunswered, praiyng and defiryng all the Lordes, that for afmoche as he knewc well that he was no persone liable neithir in wisdome ne in governaunce to take so grete and chargefull occupation uppon hym, to name and take anothir persone more able to so grete charge than he was, and be fully therof to be discharged: The whiche desire the Lordes in no wyfe wold admitte. And than the said Due of York feyde, that if so were that he shuld nedes take that occupation uppon hym, but onely for the grete trust that he had in the Lordes, that he wuld have of theym in that be-halfe supportation, good affistence, counfeill and aide, and also certeyn protestations, and that he myght ther-uppon be advised.

Requeflartno- 34- ITEM, the Monday, the xvii day of the said t«'p* Commoneth of Novembre, it was shewed to the said Lieu-«a"re ha^ ° tenaunt and all the Lordes, by the mouth of Burley, bcn4', accompanied in notable nombre of the Communes, in

the name of all their felawes, that howe the said Communes had dyvers tymes made requestes to theire good Lord ships, that they shuld be good meanes to the Kynges Highnesse, that there myght be chofyn and made a Protedour and Defenfour of this land, of the whiche requestes as yit they have none aunswere. And where as it is yit thought by theym that be come to this high Courte of Parliament for the Communes of this lande; for afmoche as this day they have knowelege and underftondyng by suche persones whiche the said Lordes send to theym, that ther be grete and grevous riotes done in the West Contrey at the Cite of Exceftre, by Th’erle of Devonshire, accompanied with mony riotoufe persones, as it is feide with horfmen, and mi m. fotemen, and there have robbed the Churche of Exceftre, and take the Chanons of the same Churche and put theym to fynaunce, and also take the Gentilmen in that Contrey, and don and commytted mony othir grete and hey nous inconveniences; that in abriggyng of suche riottes and inconveniences, suche a Protedour and Defenfour mult be had, and that they myght haye knowelege of hym, his power and audorite; and that he in abriggyng of suche riottes and offenses, shuld ryde and labour into that Cuntrey, for but if the said riottes and inconveniences were refilled, it shuld be the cause of the Ioffe of that londe, and if that lond were loft, it myght be cause of the subversion of all this lande; wherefore they that be come for the Comunes of this lande, desired the said Lieutenaunt and Lordes, for afmoche as the holy Feft of Criftemas approchith so nygh, that rathir than the lond shuld be lofte, it myght like the said Lieutenaunt and all the Lordes, this present Parliament to proroge, adjorne or dissolve, to that entente that these said riottes and inconveniences myght be refilled.

ACfenfu*Re- 35. ITEM, this same day, the said Chaunceler, by

* th’assent of the said Lieutenaunt and all the Lordes,

shewed and declared unto the Communes beyng in theire house accuftumed: That where as the said Communes had made dyveife desires and requestes to the said Lordes, to be good meanes to the Kyng our Sove-rayn Lord, that for causes meoved by theym, ther myght be had a Protedour and Defenfour of this land. The Kyng our said Soveraigne Lord, by th’advis and assent of his Lordes Spirituell and Temporell beyng in this present Parliament, had named and desired the Due of York to be Protedour and Defenfour of this land; the said Lordes trustyng verily that he wuld take it uppon hym. And that as for the fubduyng and refistence

of die grete riottes and inconveniences that were done and committed, as it is feide in the West Cuntrey, the said Lieutenaunt and all the Lordes, have be and wull be, as diligent, as desirous, and as coragious to the fubduyng anil refistence therof, as they can or may be, and thonked the Communes of theire grete diligences and desires made by theym in that behalfe. And as for the adjornyng, prorogyng, or diffolvyng of this Parliament; the said Lieutenaunt, by th’advis of all the Lordes, wull procede theryn as the case shall require, and be most behovefull and expedient*

ITEM, pro eo quod dido Quintodecimo die didi mensis Novembris, prefati Domini Spirituals & Tern-porales in dido Parliamento existen’, prout superius recitatur, elegerunt & nominarunt Ricardum Ducem Eborum, fore Protedorem & Defenforem Regni Anglie, juxta precedentia ultimo inde habita; prefatus Dux*

Decimo septimo die ejusdem mensis Novembris tunc . prox’ sequen’, in dido Parliamento deliberavit certos Articulos quos audiri &c intelligi ac poftmodum inadari affedabat. Quorum tenores, cum fuis responfionibus, hie inferius annotantur.

36. T H O G H al I am not fuffifaunt of myself of Proteflati® wisdome, connyng, power ner habilite, to take uppon Eboi me the name of Protedour and Defenfour of this land, (m. ZIi) ner the charge and burdon therto apperteinyng, wher-unto it hath lyked you my Lordes to calle, name and desire me. Under protestation, if I shall applie me to the perfourmyng of your said desire, and at your in-ftaunce take uppon me with your supportation and aide, the said e name, charge and burdon: I desire and pray you to graunte unto me, and to ennade in this present Parliament by audorite therof, the thynges folowyng:

j. FIRST, where that astre request made unto you by the Commons beyng in this present Parliament, to ‘ be moyen unto the Kynges Highnesse to ordeyne and name a persone to be Protedour and Defenfour of this lande: It lyked you of your self, and of your free and mere disposition, to desire, name and calle me to the said name and charge; and that of eny presumption of my self I ne take theym upon me, but onely of th’obei-faunce that y awe to do to the Kyng our most dradde Soverain Lord, and to you as the Parage of this lande, the Lordes Spirituelx and Temporelx beyng in this present Parliament, takyng uppon you th’excercife of his audorite, for suche urgent, necessary and resonable causes, as move you so to take uppon you, for the good and honour of his Highnesse, the politique and reftfull rule and governance of this his lande, and th’observation and entreteygnyng of his lawes and peas, wheryn reftith the joy, consolation and furetie of you, and all his liege people, and of my self specially, whiche with Goddes grace entende not to take, ner not wull presume to take uppon myself to procede to th’execution or determination of eny thyng, touchyng or concernyng th’estate, honoure or dignite of our said Soverain Lord, either els the said politique rule and governance, without your advis and assent in the Parlement, eithir els th’advis and assent of thaym that it shall please the Kynges Highnesse to name of his prive Counfeill; to whoos advis, confeill and aflfent, I wull obey and applie myself, as y knowe it accordeth to my duete to do.

It is agreed. ftefronfio.

11. ALSO that suche audorite and power, and also suche fredame and libertee, as shall belong and be annexed unto the said name and charge, and also howe ferre and howe amplie they shall llretche and extende, be ordenned, llablislhed and enacted in this said prefenc Parlement, and by audorite therof.

fcefj tnfio.

Hefponfio.

Responfio#

Responfio,

32 126 Decembris.A. 1788.

It is agreed, that the said Due shall have like fredame and libertee, as he had before what tyme he was Pro-tcflour and Dcfenfour of this lande, if he will so agree and contente hymfelf.

in. ALSO that it lyke you lovyngly, diligently, duely and effectuelly, to assiste me of your herty favours, tendre xelc and fadde advises, and of your persones and power, as the case shall require, to th’execution and expedition of that that may be to the honeure, profperite and welfare of th’estate and Majeste of our said Soverain Lord, to the rest, tranquillite, pollitique rcule and governance of this lande, and th’observation of his lawes and peas, wheryn I shall emploie my persone with you to the uttermuft perell and jopardie therof, whan so ever it shall nede that so y shall do.

It is agreed.

iv. ALS O for fomoche as here tofore certein Lordes Spirituelx and Temporelx, and othir persones, have be named of the said Conseil, wherof somme have not yeven so diligent attendance therunto as it had neded that they Ihuld have done, wherby diverses matiers belongyng to th’honour, wele and profperite of our said Soverain Lord, and the said pollitique and reftfull rule, have be flowthed and throwen into grete and to jopardoufe omission, not executed. It like you to ordeigne, appointe, name and establislhe in the said Parlement, and by auflorite therof a fuffifaunt and convenient nombre of Lordes Spirituelx and Temporelx to be of the said Confaill, not of favour ner asse<5lion, but suche as be approved of vertuoufe and rightwefle disposition, of raison, wifdame and indifferen-cie, and as wull applie theym to the tendirnefle and good xele of the honour and proufit of our said Soverain Lord, and the good publique of his said lande and peoplej thrawyng therfore out of theire myndes and remem-braunces the favour and affection of all othir thynges, and the dredc and nyghneffe of eny othir persone erthely.

It is agreed.

v. A N D for fomoche as it accordith not with reason, that eny Lord yif suche attendance ner bere the charge therto required, without that that his Pension or Annuite therfore assigned hym be to hym duely paide accordyng to his attendance, and the contynuance therof. It like you to ordeigne and establislhe in the said Parlement, and by auttorite therof fuffifant aggreable and undelaied paiement to be made unto the said Lordes, to be named of the said Confeill, wherthorugh they mowe be couraged to attende therunto accordyng to theire duete without absence, onlefle than they be licenced by the said Confeill, or that by eny resonable or lefull cauie eny of theym be dreven to absente hym, ye whiche cause he so abl'entyng hym shall certifie in writyng truely, without colour, feyntice or dillimulation, by the feithe he awe to God and to his ligeaunce.

It is agreed.

vi. ALSO that in the said Parliament, and by auflorite therof, a fuffifant and a competent somme of money, by wey of annuite, be appointed, ordened and graunted unto me, to fufteigne, maynteigne and sup-porte the said name and charge, for th’onour of our said Soverain Lord and this his lande, and for th’execution of that that mult of necdlite belonge to the same name and charge, the lyklyhode of the coftes and expenses that be therunto required, in your grete wifdames and diferctions weyed and considered, over my coftes and expcnles that y shall bere and fufteigne in eny parties of this lande, for the conservation of the pease, and fub-ducion of theym that entende to the brcche thereof.

vii. ALSO for fomoche as of myn annuitee of mm. Marcs to me graunted in the last Parlement, with the

name and charge of Proteflour and Defenfour of this lande &c. I am as yit unpaide, and also unrewarded for the grete and outrageoufe coftes and expenses not unknowen unto your wurthynesses, which in divers parties of this lande I bare, in execution of the said charge, by your advis and afient. It like you to ordeigne and commaunde fuffifant and agreable paiement of my said e annuite, and also to affefle by your difere-rions, suche competent and convenient reward, as can be thought to your wifdames covenable for my said charges in ridyng by your said advises.

As to the said last u Articles they ben agreed, so that Responfio. weyes and meanes may be founde and hadde howe he may be paied. And for afmoche as certeyn of the said Articles conteynen in theym lelf a generalte, the specialte not underftoud: It is agreed by all the Lordes, that the Archcbislhop of York, the Bislhops of Rocheftre, Nor-wiche, and Ely, the Due of Buk, the Erie of Warrewyk, the Viscount Bourghchier, and the Lord Stourton,

Ihuld have a communication with the said Due of York, to have knowelege of his entente, and of the specialte of theym.

37. ITEM, the xvii 1 day of the said moneth of PratefWs Novembr’, the said Chaunceler reherfed to all the SuPen<i* Lordes, That where as Th’archebislhop of York, the Due of Buk’, the Bislhops of Rocheftre, Norwiche, and Ely, Th’erle of Warrewyk, the Viscounte Bourghchier, and the Lord Stourton, were uppon Monday last part assigned by the said Lordes to have communication with the said Due of York, upon a generalte con-teyned in certeyn articles made by hym, in his protestations concernyng the takyng uppon hym of the name and charge of Protc&our and Defenfour of this Realme. The said Archebislhop of York, Due of Buk, Bishops of Rocheftre, Norwiche, and Ely, Th’erle of Warrewyk, the Viscount Bourghchier, and Lord Stourton, have had communication with the said Due of York} and as touchyng the declaration of his en-tent in his feid protestations, they declaron that he is agreed and content to have suche power, fredame and libertees, as he had last, his said power to endure at the Kynges pleafir; his laid pleafir to be declared by th’advis of the Lordes Spirituelx and Temporelx.

And as for his annuite, he is content to have in m.

Marcs, beside rewardes for suche labour and charges as he shall bere in rydyng and othirwife. And as for his rewardes of suche charges as he bare whan he was last Protestour, he is content to have m. Marcs. And as for his annuite of mm. Marcs for the tyme that he. was Proteflour last, he is content to have astre the rate for the tyme that he occupied, and to have therof a suffi-ciaunt assignement by audiorite of Parliament. And also he desireth to have a m. Marcs in hand. Wher-uppon the said protestations were radde agayn before the said Lordes. And as to the first Article ;it is agreed as above. And as to the second; it is aggreed, that the said Due of York have suche power, liberte and fredame as he had before. And where as in his last power were these' wordes, Quamdiu Nobis pla-cuerit; Ihuld nowe be in his power these wordes,

Quousque idem Confanguineus noster, de occupatione five onere & nomine hujufmodi, per Nos in Parliamento, de avifamento & affenfu Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium in Parliamento existen’, exoncretur.

And as to the in*, mi*, and v* Articles} It is answered as above. And as to the vi* and vn* Articles; they ben agreed as the said Due is content, and in suche fourme as is above reherfed by the said Chaunceler, so the weyes and groundes may be founde and hadde for paiement and contentation in that behalf.

38. AFTRE aggrement of whiche Articles of pro- tv Duke of testations, all the Lordes then beyng present in Parle- York accepts ment both Spirituelx and Temporelx: For afmoche as ftip.roW*w*

it

Pro Protec-torc.

(in* 10.)

it was tippon Monday last passed declared by the said Chaunceler, to the Communes that be come to this present Parlement, that howe at theire request and desire j the Kyng, by th’advis of the said Lordes, had named the said Due of York to be Protedour and De-fenfour of this lande, trustying veraly that he wull take it uppon hym; and that this day, certeyn of the Corn-mens in the name of all theire Felawev, were with the said Chaunceler aparte, defiryng among othir thynges to have knowelege, whethir the said Due of York wuld take uppon hym the name and charge of Protedour and Defifnfour of this lande or noo; and if he wuld, that then they myght have knowelege of his audorite and power: desired and praied the said Due of York, that it shuld like his*good Lordship, to take uppon hym the name and charge of Protedour and Defenfour of this lande. And theruppon the said Due of York said e to all the Lordes; that howe be it that it liked theire good Lordshippes, to desire and name hym to that name and charge, he shuld not take that name and charge uppon hym of presumption of hymfelf, but onely of the obeiflaunce that he oweth to the Kyng our Soverain Lord, and to the Lordes as th’apparage of this lande; and he to perfourme thejre desires, under theire supportation and aide, wuld take, and toke uppon hym, the name and charge of Protedour of this lande, under suche protefiations as he had made and were aggreed by the said Lordes.

39. MEMOR AND’, quod cum Communitas me-tuendiflimi Domini nostri Regis Anglie, in presenti Parliamento existens, eidem Domino noftro Regi fe-pius humillime supplicaverit & instanter perfuaferit, ob reprimend’ Infolentias, Rebelliones, Murdra & Riotas, que indies diverfis ejusdem Regni partibus attemptan-tur & committuntur, Sc ob bonum publicum tuitionem-que ejusdem Regni, ac pads file, necnon tranquillitatis Subditorum fuorum conservationem, fua Screnitas in-clinari & consentire vellet personam aliquam potentem & idoneam, Protedorem & Defenforem Regni fui predidi constituere & ordinare; cujus' Sapientia & In-duftria, potentia & juvamine, regni negotia melius, tutius & felicius dirigi & expediri valeant: idem Do-minus noster Rex, contemplans petitionem Communitatis predide, infirmitateque qua Altifiimo Salvatori noftro personam fuam visitare placuit impedimentum preftante, quo minus ad adualem executionem Protec-tionis & Defenfionis Regni fui Anglie & Ecclesie Anglicane intendere posset, & fi plurimis Celfitudo fua vexaretur negotiis celeri fanitati sue recuperande obfta-culum foret considerat’, ad instantiamqjDomi norum Spi-ritualium & Temporalium in eodem Parliamento existen’, Decimo nono die Novembris, Anno regni fui tricesimo quarto, de Industria & circumfpedione ca-riffimi Confanguinei fui Ricardi Ducis Eborum plenarie confidens, de avifamento Sc afienfu Dominorum tarn Spiritualium quam Temporalium in Parliamento predido existen’, necnon de afienfu Communitatis predide in eodem Parliamento existen’, ordinavit constituit dictum Confanguineum suum, Regni fui & Ecclesie Anglicane predidorum Protedorem & Defenforem, ac Confiliarium ipfius Domini Regis principa-lemj Sc quod ipse Dux, ejusdem regni Protector

Defenfor, ac ipfius Domini Regis principalis Confilia-rius fit Sc nominetur; quousque idem Confanguineus ipfius Domini Regis, de occupatione five onere nomine hujufmodi, per prefatum Dominum Regem in Parliamento, de avifamento afienfu Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium in Parliamento existen’, exoneretur. Audoritate tamen didi Ducis, quoad excercitium & occupationem oneris Protedoris Defen-foris predid’ omino cefiante, cum five quando Ed-wardum didi Domini Regis Filium Primogenitum contigerit ad Annos diferetionis pervenire, fi idem Ed-wardus onus Protedoris & Defenforis predid’ super fe Vol. XLIV.

adtunc aflumere voluerit. Et quod super hoc litere Domini Regis patentes fierent, fub forma subsequenti.

HENRICUS, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie & Francie,

& Dominus Hiberniej Omnibus ad quos presentes Litere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod cum Communitas Regni nostri Anglie, in presenti Parliamento noftro existens. Nobis fepius humilime supplicaverit instanter perfuaferit, ob reprimendas Infolentias, Rebelliones, Murdra Sc Riotas, que indies diverfis ejusdem Regni partibus attemptantur & committuntur, ob bonum publicum tuitionemque ejusdem Regni, ac pacis nostre, necnon tranquillitatis Subditorum noftro-rum conservationem, inclinari & consentire velimus personam aliquam potentem & idoneam, Protedorem & Defenforem Regni nostri predidi constituere & ordinare } cujus Sapientia & Industria, Potentia & Juvamine, Regni negotia melius, tutius & felicius dirigi expediri valeant. Nos, petitionem Communitatis predide contemplantes, Infirmitateque qua Altifiimo Salvatori noftro personam noftram visitare placuit impedimentum preftante, quo minus ad adualem executionem Protedionis Sc Defenfionis Regni nostri predidi Ec-

clefie Anglicane intendere pofiimus, & fi plurimis vexaremur negotiis celeri fanitati recuperande obftacu-luin foret considerat’, de circumfpedione & Industria cariflimi Confanguinei nostri Ricardi Ducis Eborum plenam fiduciam reportantes, de avifamento Sc afienfu tarn Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium, quam de aflenfu Communitatis Regni nostri Anglie, in in-stanti Parliamento noftro existen’, ordinavimus & constituimus ipfiim Confanguineum nostrum, didi Regni nostri Anglie & Ecclesie Anglicane Protedorem & Defenforem, ac Confiliarium nostrum principalem; & quod ipse, ejusdem Regni nostri Anglie & Ecclesie Anglicane predid’ Protector & Defenfor, ac principalis Confiliarius noster fit & nominetur; quousque idem Confanguineus noster, de occupatione five onere & nomine hujufmodi, per Nos in Parliamento, de avifa-mento & afienfu Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium in Parliamento existen’, exoneretur, in &juxta vim, formam & effedum cujqfdam Act in dido instanti Parliamento die dat’ presentium habiti & concordat!. Audoritate tamen didi Ducis, quoad ex^rcitium & ' occupationem oneris Protedoris & Defenforis predid’ omino cefiante, cum five quando Edwardus Filius noster primogenitus ad annos diferetionis pervenerit; presenti-bus literis noftris patentibus, necnon vigore & effedu earumdem extunc minime valitur’, fi dictus Edwardus, cum ad hujufmodi annos pervenerit, onus Protedoris & Defenforis predid’ super fe aflumere voluerit. Damus aurem universis & fingulis Archiepifcopis, Episcopis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Ducibus, Comitibus, Vicecomiti-bus, Baronibus, Militibus, & omnibus aliis Fidelibus & Subditis noftris didi Regni nostri Anglie quorum interest, tenore presentium firmiter in mandatis, quod prefato Confanguineo noftro Duci Eborum, quotiens & quamdiu Protedionem Sc Defenfionem hujufinodi fic habuerit & occupaverit, in premiflis faciend’ pareant, obediant Sc intendant prout decet. In cujus rei testi-monium, has Literas noftras fieri fecimus Patentes. Teste me ipso apud Westm’, Decimo nono die Novembris, Anno regni nostri Tricesimo quarto.

QJJIBUS omnibus adis, ledis Sc recitatis, acceptis & approbatis, audoritate fupradida, idem Dux Eborum, habita prius matura deliberatione, onus Sc excercitium nominationis Sc occupations hujufmodi, ad Dei omni-potentis honorem, laudem & gloriam, Regis Sc regni predidorum commodum Sc utilitatem, necnon Dominorum predidorum complacentiam, Sc predide Communitatis rei publieeque didi regni augmentum, in fe quantum ad ipsum pertinuit aflumere fe velle dixit. Sc afliimpfit tunc ibidem, juxta formam Act, Poteftutis Sc Conceflionum predid’. Et ulterius, idem Dominus

K Rex,

N* 4*.

Dc Prottdorc Cunliituto.

Rex, de avifamento & aflenfu predi&is, ordinavit & constituit, quod Edwardus Filius suus primogenicus, cum five quando ad annos discretionis pervenerit, regni Anglic Sc Ecclesie Anglicane Protettor & Defenfor, ac principalis Confiliarius ipfius Domini Regis fit & nomi-netur, quamdiu eidcm Domino Regi placuerit, fi idem Edwardus, cum ad hujufmodi annos pervenerit, onus Prote&oris & Defenforis prcdidt’ super fe aflumere vo-luerit. Et super hoc Litere Domini Regis Patentes fierent fub forma subsequenti.

HENRICUS, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie Francie, Sc Dominus Hibernie; Omnibus ad quos presentes litere pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod cum Communitas Regni nostri Anglie, in presenti Parliamento noftro existens, Nobis fepius humilime lupplicaverit & instanter perfuaferit, ob reprimendas Infolentias, Re-bclliones, Murdra & Riotas, que indies diverfis ejusdem Regni partibus attemptantur & committuntur, ob bonurn publicum tuitionemque ejusdem Regni, ac pacis nofire, necnon tranquillitatis Subditorum noftrorum con-fervationem, inclinari Sc consentire velimus personam aliquam potentem Sc idoneam, Prote&orem Defenfo-

rem Regni nostri prcdi&i constituere & ordinare; cujus J'apientia Sc industria, potentia Sc juvamine, regni ne-

gotia melius, tutius Sc felicius dirigi & expediri valeant. Nos, petitionem Communitatis prediific contemplantes, Infirmitateque qua Altiflimo Salvatori noftro personam noftram visitare placuit impedimentum preftante, quo minus ad a&ualem executionem Protcdionis Sc Defen-fionis regni nostri Anglie Sc Ecclesie Anglicane inten-dere poffimus, Sc fi plurimis vexaremur negotiis celeri fanitati recuperande obftaculum foret considerat’, de circumspectione Sc Industria Edwaidi cariflimi Filii nostri primogeniti plenam fiduciam naturalem repor-tantes, de avil’amento Sc aflenfu tarn Dominorum Spiri-tualium & Temporalium, quam de aflenfu Communitatis Regni nostri Anglie, in instanti Parliamento noftro existen’, ordinavimus & constituimus, quod prefatus Edwardus, cum five quando ad annos discretionis pervenerit, regni nostri Anglie Sc Ecclesie Anglicane Protestor Sc Defenfor, ac principalis Confiliarius noster fit & nominetur; quousque idem Filius noster, de occupa-tione five onere Sc nomine hujufmodi per Nos in Parliamento, dc avifamento Sc aflenfu Dominorum Spiritu-alium Sc Temporalium in Parliamento existen’, exone-retur; fi idem Filius noster, cum ad hujufmodi annos pervenerit, onus ProteStoris & Defenforis predict’ super fe aflumere voluerit, in Sc juxta vim, formam & efleflum cujufdam ASti in didio Parliamento die dat’ presentium habiti Sc concordats Damus autem uni-verfis Sc fingulis Archiepifcopis, Episcopis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Ducibus, Comitibus, Vicecomitibus, Baroni-bus, Miiitibus, Sc omnibus aliis Fidelibus & Subditis noftris dicti Regni nostri Anglie, quorum interest, tenore presentium firmicer in mandatis, quod prefato Edwardo Filio noftro primogenito, cum ad predidtos annos perve-nerir, quotiens Sc quamdiu Protcftionem & defenfionem hujufmodi fic habuerit Sc occupaverit, in premiflis fa-ciend’ pareant, obediant & intendant prout decet. In cujus rci testimonium, has Literas noftras fieri fecimus Patentes. Tcfte me ipso apud Westm*, Decimo nono die Novembris, Anno regni nostri Tricesimo quarto.

34 H. VI. Vol v. 453.

REX, Omnibus ad quos, '&c. Saltm. Sciatis, qct cum Comunitas Regni nri Anglie in pfenti Parliamento nro existens. Nobis fepius humillime supplicavit & instanter pluaferit, ob reprimandas Infolencias, Rebel-hones, Murdra & Riotas, que indies diverfis ejusdem Regni partibus attemptantur & committuntur, Sc ob bonum publicum, tuicionemq; ejusdem Regni ac pacis fire, necnon tranquillitatis Subditorum noftror’ confer-

vacoem, inclinare Sc consentire velimus, pfonam aliquam potentem & idoneam, Protedlorem & Defenfo-rem Regni nri pdei constituere & ordinare; cujus fapi-encia Sc industria, potencia Sc juvamine, Regni negocia melius, tutius Sc felicius dirigi & expediri valeant. Nos, Peticoem Comunitatis predee contemplantes, in-firmitateq; qua altiflimo Salvatori nro pfonam nram visitare piacuit impedimentum preftante, quo minus ad adtualem execucoem Protestionis Sc Defenfionis Regni nri predci Sc Ecdie Anglicane intendere poflimus \ Sc fi plurimis vexaremur negociis, celeri fanitati recupande obftaculum foret considerata. De circumspectione Sc industria cariflimi Confanguinei( nri Rici Ducis Ebor’ plenam fiduciam reportantes, de avifamento & aflenfu tarn Dominor’ Spualium Sc Temporalium, quam de aflenfu Comunitatis Regni nri Anglie, in Parliamento nro existencium, Ordinavimus & Constituimus ipsum Confanguineum nrm, dci Regni nri Anglie Sc Ecclesie Anglicane predict’ Proteflorem Sc Defenforem, ac Con-filiarium nrm Principalem. Et qcf ipse ejusdem Regni nri Anglie Sc Ecclesie Anglicane predee Protestor & Defenfor, ac Principalis Confiliarius noster, fit Sc nominetur, quoufq; idem Confanguineus noster, de occu-patione five onere & nomine huiufmodi per Nos in Parliamento, de avifamento Sc aflenfu Dominor’ Spualium Sc Temporalium in Parliamento existencium, ex-oncretur, in Sc juxta vim, formam Sc effectum cujufdam A£ti, in dco instanti Parliamento, die date pfencium habiti & concordati. Auftoritate tamen dci Ducis quoad Excercitium Sc Occupationem oneris Protestoris Sc Defenforis prediftor’ omnino ceflante, cum five quando Edwardus filius noster primogenitus, ad Annos discretionis pervenerit. Presentibus Lids nris Patentibus, necnon vigore & effettu earumdem, extunc minime va-lituris, fi deus Edwardus, cum ad hujufmodi Annos pvenerit, onus Protectoris & Defenforis predidlor’ sup fe aflumere voluerit. Damus autem universis & fingulis Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Ducibus, Comitibus, Vicecomitibus, Baronibus, Miiitibus, Sc omnibus aliis Fidelibus Sc Subditis nris dci Regni nri Anglie, quorum interest, tenore prefencium firmiter in mandatis, qd prefato Confanguineo nro Duci Eborum, quoc'lens & quamdiu Protedlionem Sc Defenfionem hujufmodi fic habuerit Sc occupaverit, in pmiflis faciendis pareant, obediant Sc intendant, prout decet. In cujus See. T. R. apud Westm’, decimo nono die Novembris.

Per ipsum Regem, Aufloritate Parliamenti.

DECIMO Die Novembris, Anno Regni Regis Henrici Sexti tricesimo quarto, apud Westm’, in Camera Stellata. Rex, de avifamento Consilii fui, Sc Dominor’ Spualium Sc Temporalium, ex eo qct ob certas caufas in propria persona fua, duodecimo Die hujus Mensis, quo Die Parliamentum suum apud Westm’ teneri debet, quibufdam certis de caufis interesse non poterit: Voluit Sc ordinavit, qd fub Magno Sigillo fuo fieret Comifllo cariflimo Confanguineo fuo Rico Duci Ebor’, sedm te-norem subseriptum.

Rex, Omnib’ ad quos, &c. Saltm. Sciatis, qd cum ;p quibufdam arduis Sc urgentib’ negociis, Nos, statum Sc defenfionem Regni nri Anglie ac Ecdie Anglicane contingentib’, quoddam Parliamentum nrm nup apud Palacium nrm Westm’ teneri, Sc ufq; ad duodecimum Diem hujus instantis Mensis Novembris ad idem Pala-cium nrm adjornari & prorogari ordinamus; quia vero dco Parliamento nro, propter certas justas & rationabiles caufas, in persona nra non potcrimus interesse. Nos, de circumfpeccoe Sc industria cariflimi Confanguinei nri Rici Due’ Ebor’ plenam fiduciam reportantes, eidcm Confanguineo nro, ad Parliamentum predem nomine nro tenend’, & in eodem procedend’. Sc ad faciend’ omnia & singula que pro Nobis & per Nos pro bono regimine & gubernacione Regni nri predci, ac alior’ Dominior’ noftror’ cidem Regno nro pertinen’, ibidem fuerint faciend’.

N«+t.

P( teltas Pix>-te^or’ Par* Jiam’ tenend*.

2p Geo. III. i2°

faciend’, necnon ad Parliamentum illud finiend’ & diffolvend’, de aflenfu Consilii nri, pienam tcnore pre-fcncium committimus potestatem. Dantes ulterius, de aflenfu ejusdem Consilii nri, turn universis & fingulis Archiepis, Epis, Abbib’, Priorib’, Ducib’, Comitib’, Vicecomitib’, Baronib’ & Militib’, cum omnib’ aliis quor’ interest, ad Parliamentum firm predem conventur’, fi mi liter tenore prefencium firmiter in mandat’, qd eidem Confanguineo nro intendant in premiflis in forma predca. In cujus &c. Teste &c.

T. Cant’.

W. Ebor*.

T. London.

W. Wynton.

J. Lincoln.'

W. Elien.’

W. Norwicen’.

J. Wygorn’.

J. Anfcopp.

J. Coventr’.

J. Oxenford.

R. Dunelmen’.

J. Hereforden’. Reginaldus Epus Ciceftren’.

H.

R.

J-

R.

W,

W,

Bukingham. Georgius Abbas Sci Aug*. Warrewyk. Abbas Gloyc’.

Worcester. W. Abbas Cole*.

Salisbury. Abbas de Hyde.

Bourgchier. Wills Abbas Wynchecombe. Arundell. Joh’ Abbas Thorney.

Fauconberge. Will’ Abbas Cirencester’. Scrop. Johes Abbas Sci Edi.

Grey. Will’ Abb’ Abendon’.

Rychemont. R. Sci Johis.

Fitzwaryn. Joh’ Abbas Radinge.

Stourton. R. Abbas de Bello.

N°. 43* REX, Omnib* ad quos presentes Lre pervenerint, pro?arl,.*‘ Saitm. Sciatis, qd cum Nos, undecimo DieNovembr’

ment aajor- . ». r ' n,

naad*. ultimo pretento, de aflenfu Consilii nri, <p eo qd Nos

Parliamento nro, quod nono Die Julii ultimo preterito apud Palacium nrm Westm’ tenuimus, & tricesimo primo Die Julii tunc <px’ sequen’, ufq; ad duodecimum Diem Novimbr’ ultimo preteritum ad Palacium nrm predem prorogamus & adjornamus, ob certas justas ronabiles caufas in persona nra interesse non poflimus; de circumfpe&ione Sc industria Cariflimi Confanguinei nri Rici Ducis Ebor’ pienam fiduci&m reportantes, eidem Confanguineo nro, ad Parliamentum predem nomine nro tenend’, & in eodem procedend’, &, ad faciend’ omnia & singula que pro Nob’ per Nos bono re-gimine & gubernacoe Regni nri Angl’ & alior’ Domi-nior’ noftror’ eidem Regno nro pertinen’, ibidem forent faciend’, necnon ad Parliamentum illud finiend’ & diffolvend’, pienam comiferimus potestatem, prout in Iris firis Patentib’ inde confedtis plenius continetur. Nos jam, ob certas varias notabiles caufas Nos & dem Consilium nrm specialiter moventes, de avifamento & aflenfu ejusdem Consilii nri, damus & comittimus pre-fato Confanguineo nro, pienam potestatem & audtorita-tem, ad Parliamentum pdem, pro Nob’ & nomine nro, tercio decimo Die instantis Mensis Decembr’, ufqj ad quartumdecimum Diem Januarii ,px’ futur’, & ad dem Palacium nrm Westm’ prorogand’ & adjornand’, ac Parliamentum illud ad Diem ilium & extunc tenend’, ac in eodem procedend’, & ad faciend’ omnia & singula que p Nob’ & j> Nos p bono regimine & gubernacoe Regni nri predci & alior’ Dominior’ noftror’ eidem Regno nro pertinen’, ibidem fuerint faciend’, necnon ad Parliamentum illud finiend’ & diflblvend’. Dantes ulterius, de aflenfu ejusdem Consilii nri, ram universis & fingulis Archiepis, Epis, Abbatib’, Priorib’, Ducib’, Comitib’, Vicecomitib’, Baronib’ & Militib’, qm omnib’ aliis quor’ interest, ad Parliamentum nrm predem conventur’, tenore prefencium firmit’ in mandatis, qd eidem Confanguineo nro intendant in pmiflis in forma pdca. In cujus &c.

In Palacio fuo Westm’. Undecimo Die Decembris, Anno See. xxxiiii. Rex, de avifamento Consilii fui mandavit Custodi Privati Sigilli fui, fieri facere Lras fub eodem Sigillo, Cancellar’ dirigend’, mandando eidem quatinus fub Magno Sigillo fieri faciat Lras

Patentes sedm tenorem fuprafeript’ Dominis subseri-bentib’, ut patet.

T. Kent.

T. Cant’.

W. Ebor’.

T. London. W. Wynton. Johes Roffen*. W. Norwicen’. J. Lincoln’.' W. Elien’.

J. Wygorn’.

J.. Hereforden’. R. Dunelmen’. R. Ciceftren’.

R. York. Gilbertus Abbas de Bardney.

H. Bukingham. Joh’ Abbas Thorney.

R. Warrewyk. J. Prior Coventr’.

R. Salisbury. J. ad Prorand’.

Arundell. R. Sci Johis.

J. Worcester. Joh’Abbas de Bury Sci Edi. Oxenford. Ric’ Abbas de Bello. Fauconberge. Willus Abbas Cirenceftrie. Bourgchier., Will’ Abb’ Abendon. Fitzwaryn.

Stourton.

Berners.

34 H. VI. Vol. v. p. 289.

40. M E M O R A N D’, quod cum Dominus Rex, Pro Protec tarn de avifamento Sc aflenfu Dominorum Spiritualium & to,e* Temporalium, quam de aflenfu Communitatis Regni fui Anglie, in presenti Parliamento existen’, per Literas fuas Patentes ordinaverit & constituerit cariflimum Confan-guineum Ilium, Ricardum Ducem Eborum, Protestorem Sc Defenforem Regni fui predi&i, ac Ecclesie Anglicane, necnon principalem Confiliarium suum j & quod idem Dux Eborum, di£b’ Regni Protestor & Defenfor, ac principalis Confiliarius dicti Domini Regis fit & nomi-netur, in Scjuxta vim, formam Sc cffcftum cujufdam Acti in dicto Parliamento die dat’ predidlarum literarum in eodem Parliamento habiti & concordati. Ac insuper idem Dominus Rex, de aflenfu & avifamento prediftis, per alias Literas fuas Patentes, ordinaverit Sc constituerit Edwardum cariflimum Filium suum primogenitum, cum five quando ad annos diferetionis pervenerit, Prote&o-rem & Defenforem Regni & Ecclesie prediftorum, ac principalem Confiliarium suum: Volens quod idem Filius suus, cum ad hujufmodi annos pervenerit. Protestor & Defenfor distorum Regni & Ecclesie, ac principalis Confiliarius suus fit 8t nominetur, fi adtunc onus ProteStoris & Defenforis preditt’ super fe aflumere voluerit, in & juxta vim, formam Sc effeStum cujufdam ASli in dicto Parliamento die dat’ dittarum literarum in eodem Parliamento habiti Sc concordati. Prefatus Dominus Rex, considerans varios labores quos tarn presa-tum Edwardum, quam prefatum Ducem, occasionibus premiflis fubire oportebit, & volens proinde personas fuas Honoribus & favoribus prosequi grofis, de avifamento & aflenfu prediStis, voluit, conceffit & ordinavit j quod tarn prefatus Edwardus, quotiens Sc quando, cum ad annos prediftos onus prediftum super fe aflfumpferit Sc realiter excercuerit & occupaverit; quam prefatus Dux, quotiens & quando onus illud habuerit & excercuerit, vacantibus Officiis Forestariorum, Parcariorum, ac Custodum Warennarum infra Regnum Anglie Sc partes Wall’, ad donationem predifti Domini Regis ut ad Coronam fuam pertinent’, de eifdem Officiis dispo-nere poflic fub forma subsequenti; videlicet, quod quan-documque aliquod Officiorum prediftorum vacare con-tigerit in futur', & donationi diifti Domini Regis spec-tans, tarn didtus Edwardus cum ad annos predictos pervenerit, onus predidurn super fe adtunc affumens, quam diStos Dux occupationis Protectionis Sc Defenfionis hujufmodi onus habens Sc excercens, personam idoneam ad idem Officium nominare, Sc inde fub signeto fuo Custodi privati sigilli diSti Domini Regis qui pro tempore fuerit significare poflitj qui super hoc tenebitur Cancel-lario Anglie, vel Custodi magni sigilli nostri pro tempore existen’, literas fub privato sigillo, pro hujufmodi Officio quamdiu Regi placuerit obtinend’, in forma de-

bita conficCre. Proviso semper, quod quclibet persona aliquod hujufmodi Officium ad nominationem alicujus Edwardi & Ducis predictorum, virtute ACti presentis,per literas Domini Regis patentcs optinens in futur’, stet in Officio illo pacifice, juxta effectum literarum illarum, absque ammotione ejusdem, nisi per Dominum Regem, per avifamentum Dominorum Consilii fui ex catifa ra-tionabili coram eis monftrata & probata, ammoveatur de eodem.

ITEM, idem Dominus Rex, ex avifamento, confenfu & causa predictis, voluit, conceffit & ordinavit, quod uterque Edwardi & Ducis predictorum, pro tempore quo onus Protection is Defenfionis predict* habuerit & excercuerit, ad quafcumque Ecclesias parochiales, ultra tax am Viginti Marc arum, usque ad tax am Triginta Marc arum inclusive: Ac etiam omnes Prebendas in Capellis Regiis ad donationem Domini Regis jure Co-rone sue spectant’ cum vacaverint, e^ceptis Decanatibus in eifdem Capellis Regiis, durante vigore literarum eis separalitcr de Protectione & Defenfione Regni predicti ut premittitur confectarum, idoneas personas nominare, 6c inde Tub signeto fuo prefato Custodi privati sigilli dicti Domini Regis significare poffit; qui super hoc te-nebitur Cancellario Anglie, vel Custodi magni sigilli pro tempore existen’, literas Tub privato sigillo, pro hujuf-modi Ecclesiis 6c Prebendis obtinend’, in forma predicta conficere, una cum nominationibus in & de permuta-tionibus 6c ratificationibus Ecdefiarum & Prebendarum predictarum: cetera autem Officia, Prebende & Bene-ficia, superius non specificat’, ac Decanatus predict*, ad donationem five presentattonem Domini Regis lpcc-„ tantes five ipectantia, ad dispositionem predicti Domini Regis, de avifamento predicti Protectoris Defenforis pro tempore existen’, ceterorum Dominorum de Consilio dicti Domini Regis, de tempore in tempus cum vacaverint, sint, cedant 6c pertineant; exceptis Bene-ficiis ad dispositionem, tarn Cancellario Anglie ratione officii fui, quam Thef* Anglie ratione officii uii spectan-tibus. Infupcr cum ita fit quod idem Dux, in tenendo honorifice statum suum, quern ampliare necesse erit, consideratione & causa dicti nominis Protectoris & Defenforis, cum ampliores honores illo respectu sibi debe-antur, qui secum oncra trahunt, critque concurfus fre-questior ad eundem tarn fubditorum Regis, quam extraneorum, fua negotia profequentium: Rex, de avifa-

mento 6c aflenfu predictis, voluit, conceffit & ordinavit, quod idem Dux, durantibus Protectione 6c Defenfione predictis, habeat 6c percipiat annuatim pro vadiis fins, non quantum alii ante hec tempora habuerunt, set so-lum Duo Milia marcarum, attenta exili conditione moderns, & hoc per viam regardi; habeatque de hoc fe-curam folutionem aut competentem assignationem: & fi durante onere fupradicto, casus exigat ut idem Dominus Dux, laborem personalem fubire oporteat, pro illo la-bore speciali itinerando aut equitando aliterve profici-feendo pro regardo remunerationem fcorium habebit ra-tionabilem 6c competentem, per avifamentum Dominorum de Consilio dicti Domini Regis. Proviso semper, quod prefens ACtus non extendat nec aliqualiter preju-dicialis existat Margarete Regine Anglie, de aliqua con-ccffione sibi per diClum Dominum Regem facta, neque alicui ACtui Parliamenti pro ipsa facto.

The Govern- 41. THE xxii" day of Novembr’, the yere of oure

mentcom. fejd Soverayne Lord xxxnu", the mooft Criften Prince

Pi'ivj Council. Kyng oure mooft drad Soverayne Lord, at his Pa-leys of Westm’, remembryng that to the politique go-vernaunce and reftfull reule of this his Realme, apper-teneth grete diligence and actuell laboure, the which is to his mooft noble persone full tedious and grete to fuffre and bere. Also that every Prince must of verray neceflitee have Counfaillers to helpe hym in his charges, to whome he mufte trust and leene} for thees causes and other such as moeve his high wifedome, consideryng that God hath endued such as been of his Counfaill with grete wifedome, cunnyng and experience, and knowe the

direction to be had mooft expedient for the fadde and politique reule of this his land, whoos trouthes, love and good zele that they bere to his welfare, fuertee of his high astate and Roiall persone, been to hym approved and knowen, openyng his gracious disposition, ordeyned and graunted, that his Counfaill fliuld provyde, comyne, ordeyne, spede and conclude, all such matiers as touche and concerne the good and politique rule and gover-naunce of this his land, and lawes therof, and directe thayme as it shal be thought to theire wifdomes and discretions behovefull and expedient; foo alwaye that in all such matiers as touchen the honour, wurship and fuertee of his mooft noble persone, they shall late his Highnes have knowelech what direction they take in theym: defiryng his said Counfaill hertely, for the wele and ease of his said persone, and kepyng and beryng up his Roiall astate, to take this his wille and ordenaunce upon thaym. The which Lordes protestyng, that the high prerogative, preemynence and auCtorite of his Ma-geste Roiall, and also the foverauntee of thaym and all this lande, is and alway mot refte and shall refte in his mooft excellent persone, offre thayme of humble obeiffaunce, to put thaym in as grete diligence and devoir, to doo all that that mowe preferre or avaunce the said high prerogatyve, preemynence and auCtorite of his mooft Excellence, and also his high regalie, and honorable astate and welfare, and the felicitee and fuertee of his mooft noble persone, and also to the politique reule and governaunce of his lande, and the good publique, refte and tranquillite of his fubgettes, as ever did eny Coun-faillers or fubgettes to theire mooft drad Soverayne Lord, and therunto at all tymes to be redy, not sparyng ther-fore at eny tyme that it shall nede, to putte theire bodyes in jeopardie.

v 34 H.VI. Vol. v. p. 321.

50. MEMORAND’,quod licet Dominus Rex, De- Exonertti* cimo nono die Novembris, Anno regni fui Tricesimo hwefton*. quarto, de avifamento & aflenfu tarn Dominorum Spi-ritualium & Temporalium, quam de aflenfu Comuni-tatis Regni fui Anglie, in instanti Parliamento fuo existen*, ac auCtorirate ejusdem Parliamenti, ordinaverit & constituerit cariflimum Confanguineum suum Ricardum Ducem Eborum, predicti Regni fui Anglie 6c Ecclesie Anglicane Protectorem & Defenforem, ac Confiliarium suum Principalem; & quod idem Dux, ejusdem Regni fui Anglie & Ecclesie Anglicane predictorum Protector &

Defenfor, ac principalis Confiliarius, eflet 6c nominare-tur, quousque idem Dux, de occupatione five onere & nomine hujufinodi per prefatum Dominum Regem in Parliamento, de avifamento & aflenfu Dominorum Spi-ritualium & Temporalium in Parliamento existen’, ex-oneratus fuiflet, in 6c juxta vim, formam & effectum cujufdam ACtus in dicto instanti Parliamento, dicto Decimo nono die Novembris ultimo preterito habiti & concordati, prout in eodem ACtu plene liquet: Idem tamen Dominus Rex, Vicesimo quinto die Februarii tunc prox* sequenti, in dicto instanti Parliamento fuo personaliter existens, de avifamento & aflenfu Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium in eodem Parliamento existen’, prefatum Ducem, de occupatione five onere & nomine Protectoris & Defenforis predicti Regni fui Anglie, ac principalis Confiliarii fui hujufmodi, exoneravit: Ac quod idem Dux, de omni ulte-riori occupatione five onere & nomine hujufmodi nullo modo intromittat, ACtu predicto in aliquo non obstante.

Et Breve suum inde fub magno Sigillo fuo prefato Duci dirigi fecit in hec verba:

HENRICUS, Dei gratia, Rex Anglie 6c Francie,

& Dominus Hibernie; Cariflimo Confanguineo fuo Ricardo Duci Eborum, Salutem. Licet Nos nuper, de avifamento & aflenfu tarn Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium, quam de afljenfu Communitatis Regni nostri Anglic, in instanti Parliamento noftro existen’, ac auCtoritate ejusdem Parliamenti, ordinaverimus 6c

constituerimu$

constituerimus vos Regni ndftri Anglic, & Ecclesie An-glicane Protedlorem & Defenlbrem, ac Confiliarium nof-trum principalem. Et quod vos ejusdem Regni nostri Anglic & Ecclesie Anglicane predidlorum Protector & Derenfor, ac principalis Confiliarius. noster, effetis & nominaremini, quoufquc vos dc occupatiorie five onere & nomine hujufmodi per Nos in Parliamenco, de avifamen-to & afienfu Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium in Parliamento existen’, exoneraci fueritis, in & juxta vim, formam & effedhim cujufdam Adlus in didld instanti Parliamento, Decimo nono die Novembris ultimo pre-terito habiti & concordat, prout in eodem Adlu plene liquet. Quia tamen Nos, hac instanti Vicesimo quinto die Februarii, in dicto instanti Parliamento noftro, de avilamento & afienfu Dominorum Spiritualium & Temporalium in eodem Parliamento existen’, vos de occu-patione five onere & nomine hujufmodi exoneravimus: vobis mandamus, quod vos de omni ulteriori occu-patione five onere & nomine Protedloris & Defenforis predidti Regni nostri Anglie, ac principalis Confiliarii nostri predidlorum, nullatenus intromittatis. Volumus enim vos de occupatione five onere & nomine predidtis penitus exonerari, Adlu predidto in aliquo non obstante. Teste me ipso apud Westm’, Vicesimo quinto die Feb-ruarii. Anno regni nostri Tricesimo quarto.

Per ipsum Regem & Consilium in Parliamento.

THE Proceedings in the Two Cafes of the Restoration and the Resolution, appear to your Committee to fall within the Order of the House appointing your Committee, and to contain many Matters highly desirous of the Attention of the House in the Consideration of this Subject. But as these Proceedings are printed at length in the Journals of Parliament, your Committee have judged it unnecessary to make any other than a general Reference to them.

Your Committee having proceeded so far, thought fit to advert to such Proceedings of the Parliament of Scotland as appeared to relate to the First Head of the Matter referred to your Committee. In the printed Edition of the Scotch Statutes, they found the following Acts j viz.

1 Ja* VI. C. 34. With the Commission by Queen Mary annexed.

3 Ja* VI. C. 44. Also,

Table of unprinted Acts annexed t<5 the Acts of that Parliament.

Alfb, '

Acts and Orders of the Meeting of the Estates in 1689 prefixed to the Acts of W" and Mary.

Acts of the First Parliament of W* and Mary, C. i and 2.

Your Committee then proceeded to search for such Acts of Parliament as have been passed previously to provide for the Admin istration of Government, with a View to the Cafes of Minority and found the following Acts; viz.

25 H. VIII. C. 22. Sec. 11.

28 H. VIII. C. 7.

' I & a Phil. & Mary, C. 10.

1 & 2 Wm & Mary, Self. 2.

6 Anne, C. 7.

24 G. II. C. 24.

5 G. III. C. 27.

All the above Acts are in the Statute Books, except that of 28 H. VIII. C. 7. which is nearly similar to that of the 25th of the same Reign; and, except the Act of the ill and 2d of W" and Mary, which not being printed in the Statute Books, your Committee have inserted a Copy thereofviz.

Vol. XLIV.

Anno Secund'oGuliehn & Mari*.

An Act for the Exercise of the Government bjMHer Majesty during His Majesties Absence.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made Iri the First Year of Their Majesties Reign, intituled, " An " Adk declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown/’ it is amongst other Things Enacted, Established, and Declared, That the Crown and Regal Government of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, shall be and continue to Their said Majesties, and the Survivor of them, during Their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them; and that the entire, perfect, and full Exercise of the Regal Power and Government be only in and executed by His Majesty, in the Names of both Their Majesties, during Their joint Lives:

And whereas the King’s Mod excellent Majesty hath resolved to make a Royal Voyage, and go in Person into Ireland, for the speedy and effectual reducing of that Kingdom to its due Obedience to Their Majesties, and hath likewise declared His Pleasure to leave the Administration of the Governmentrin the’ Hands of the Queen’s Most excellent Majesty during His Absence out of this Kingdom:

Be it Enabled by the King and Queen’s Most excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whensoever, and as often as it shall happen that His said Majesty shall be absent out of this Realm of England, it shall and may be lawful for the Queen’s Majesty to exercise and administer the Regal Power and Government of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Plantations and Territories thereunto belonging, in the Names of both Their Majesties, for such Time only, during Their joint Lives, as His said Majesty shall be absent, or continue out of this Realm of England, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be taken or construed to exclude or debar His Majesty, during such his Absence out of this Realm, from the Exercise or Administration of any Act or Acts of Regal Power or Government within this Realm, the Kingdom of Ireland, or any other Their Majesties Dominions whatsoever j but that all and every such Act and Acts shall be as good and effectual as if His Majesty was within this Realm, and shall not be contradidled or controlled but by His Majesty only* and that neither the passing of this Act, nor His Majesties Royal Voyage or Absence out of this Realm, shall be any Way taken or construed to dissolve this present Parliament, or avoid or determine any Commission or Commissions which have been or shall be granted by His or Their Majesties; nor to avoid any other Act or Acts of Government executed or to be executed by His Majesty.

Provided always, That as often as His Majesty shall return Into this Kingdom of England, the foie Administration of the Regal Power and Government thereof and all the Dominions, Territories, and Plantations thereunto belonging or annexed, shall be in His Majesty only, as if this Act had never been made.

THE Committee then called for such Precedents as Could be found of the Appointment of Custodes Regni, and Locum Tenentes, and of Commissions to Lords Justices in Cafes of the King’s Absence.

Your Committee received from Thomas Aftle, EC* quire, Keeper of the Records in the Tower, a Book which he’understood to have been copied from the original public Records, by Order of Lord Chancellor

JL Macclesfield,

i ib DecembriSi

Klacclesfield, containing Tfanscripts of, and References to Records relative to the Appointment of Regents and Guardians of the Kingdom; from which, by Direction of the Committee, he made the following Abstracts; Hz.

fcujlodes et Jufliciari Anglic.

A.D. 1253. i De Custodia Angliae & Wal-An. 37 H. III. / liafe commifla Reginae cum

Rat. 37 H. III. f Consilio diletti fratris Ri-

n. 13. J cardi comitis Cornubiae.

A.D. 1279. 1 be locum tenentibus in Anglia

An. 7 E. I. > Rege in Franciam profetturo

Pat. 7 E* I. in 19. J nominatis. Epifc. Wigor-

nen & Hereforden Com. Cornubiae, Com. Lincoln.

A.D. iaU£* An. 13 E. I. In secunda BundeU. n. 15. penes Camerar.

t)e Adomaro de Valentia Comite Pembrochise custode Angliae constituto.

Per ipsum Regem et Consilium,

A.D. 1297. A. 25 E.I. Pat. 25 E. p. 2. m. 7.

A.D. 1297. A. 25 E. I. Ibid.m.

Transfretatio Regis.

}De Edwardo filio Regis Lo-cumtenente in Anglia.

A.D. 1310. A. 4 E. II. Pat. 4 E. II. p. 1. m. 18.

A.D. 1311. A. 4 E. II. Pat.^t E. II. P. 2. m. 19.

A.D. 1320. An. 13 E. II. Pat. 13 E. II. Punica. m. 4.

A.D. 1329. An. 3 E. III. Pat. 3 E. III. p. 1. m. 16.

1

A.D. 1331.

A. 5 E. III. Pat.5E.Ul.p.i.m. 16.

De Comite Lincolniae Custode Regni constituto.

De Comite Glouceftriae Cuf-todc Regni constituto.

De Custode Regni constituto.

Per iplum Regem et Concilium*

De Comite Cornu bix Custode Regni abCente Rege constituto.

Pro Johanne de Eltham Custode Regni constituto.

Per ipsum Regem et Confiliutn.

A.D. 1338.

12 Ed. 111. Pat. 12 Ed. III. p. 2. m. 12.

A.D. 1338. An. 12 F. III. Claus. 12 E. III. p. 2. m. 214.

A.D. 1342. An. 16 E. 111. Claus. 16 E. III. p. 2. m. 23*.

A.D. 1342.

16 E. III. Pat. 16 E. III. p. 2. m. 6.

A.D. 1342. An. 16 E. III. Pat. 16 E. III. p. 2. m. 6.

1

1

De Custode Regni constituto. Edwardo Fil. noftro pri-mogen.

Memorandum de Paflagio Regis.

Super magno Sigillo & de Paffagio Regis.

De custode Angliae absente Rege constituto Edward, fil. noft. charift*.

Pro ditto Custode.

Giving a Power to grant Conge d’Elires to Cathedral ami other Churches, but the Elco-

A. C). 134C An. 19 E. III. Par. 19 E. III. p. 1. m. 2.

A.D. 1346. An. 20 E. III. Pat. 20 E. III. p. 2. m. 17.

Rot. Pat. 2$ E. III.

Vol. ii. p. 225.

A.D. 1359. An. 33 E. III. Pat. 33 E. III. p. 2. m. 2.

A.D. 1359. An. 33 E. III. Ibid.

A.D. 1359. An. 33 E. III. Claus. 33 E. 111. m. 9 d.

A.D. 1360. An. 34 E. III. Claus. 34 E. III. m. 30 d.

A.D. 1372. An. 46 E. III. Pat. 46 E. III. m. 25.

A. I>. 1372. Ann. 46 E. III. Ibid.

A.D. 1394. Ah. 18 R. II. Pat. 18 R. II. P. 1. m. 12.

A.D. 1394. An. 18 R. II. Ibid.

A.D. 1396. A. 20 R. II. Pat. 20 R. II. p. 1. m. 16.

A.D. 1415. An. 3 Hen. V. Pat. 3 Hen. V. p. 2. m. 41.

A.D. 1415. Ann. 3 Hen. V. ibid.

1788.

eions not to be confirmed without the King’s Special Licence, and to confer Benefices above 20 Marks.

I De custode Angliae constituto I Leone 11. fil. noft. charilT.

}De custode Angliae constitbto Leonell. fil. noftro charifL

JLeoncll. fil. Regis Custos Regni tenuit Pari, in absentia Regis.

/De custode Angliae constituto j Thom. fil. noft. chariiT.

JPotestates preditto custodi absente Rege conceflx. — Relating to Ecclesiastical Preferments.

/De liberatione magni Sigilli > fupef paflagio Regis ad par-\ tes transmarinas.

1 Memorandum de magno Signs' lo et Redditu Regis de Parti- bus Franciae.

1 De custode Angliae absente / Rege constituto Ricard. fil. I char, primog. nostri Ed-J ward.

1 De Potestate data Custodi An-> glix preditto. — Power to J summon Parliament, give the Royal Afient, and present to certain Benefices.

f De custode Angliae constituto ( Edm. Due. Ebor.

}Pro ditto Custode de Po-testatibus — nearly the same Power as the preceding, but no Powers to be exercised without the Authority of the Council.

De custode Angliae constituto I Edm. Due. Ebor.

I Pro ditto custode de Potef-J tatibus — nearly the same as the preceding, but no Powers to be exercised without the Authority of the Council.

/ De custode Arigliae constituto 1 frat. nos Johan. Due. Beds.

}Pro ditto Custode de Poteftn-tibus — nearly the same as the preceding, but no Authorities to be exercised without the Authority -of the Council.

A.D.

*9 Geo. IIL

A.D. 1419. An. 7 H. V. Pat. 7 H. V. m. 13.

A.D. 1419. An. 7 Hen. V. Ibid.

A.D. 1421. An. 9 H. V. Pat. 9 H. V. p. 1. m. 9.

A.D. 1421. An. 9 H. V. ibid.

120 Decembris.

De Locum teriente Anglise constituto F rat. noft.Humfr. Due. Glouceft.

De Potestate eidem Locumte-nente concefta — nearly the fame, but with the famcRe-ftri&ion.

De custode Angliae constituto frat. noft. Joh. Due. Beds.

De Potestate eidem Custodi concefta — nearly the fame, but with the same keftric-tiens.

IT also appeared by the same Books, that Lords Justices were appointed under the Great Seal, on Occasion of the King’s Absence, at different Times, during the Reign of W. III. subsequent to the Death of Queen Mary* was.

May 1695.

May 1696.

22 April 1697.

16 July 1698.

31 May 1699.

Your Committee do not find a particular Entry of the Commission, except of that of the Year 1699 j nor of the Inftni&ions, except for 1695. But the Corn-million in the one Instance, and the Instructions in the other, are nearly conformable to the Commission and InstrufHon of the Year 1719, which are herein after inserted.

A.D. 1430. An. 8 Hen. VI. Pat. 8 Hen. VI. p. 2. m. 26.

Pat. 15 Ed. p. 2. m. 25

A.D. 1475. An. 15 Ed. IV. Ibid.

A.D. 1492. An. 8 Hen. VII. Pat. 8 Hen. VII. p. 1. m. 7,

Ibid.

A.D. 1513. An. 5 Hen. VIII. Pat. s H. VIII. p. 1. m. 9. dorfo.

A.D. 1544. Pat. 36 Hen. VIII. p. 8. m. 51.

A.D. 1544-Pat. 36 Hen. VIII. p. 8. m. 50.

5 July 1716*

*7

1

1

1

1

DeLocumtenente Angliae cori-ftituto, Avunc. noft. Hums. Due. Glouc.

De Custode Regni constituto Edw. fil. noftr. primogen.

De Potestate Custodi concefta — Power respecting Benefices.

De Custode Regni eonftituto, Fil. nos primogen. Arthur Prin. Wal.

De Potestate commifla Principi custodi memorato — respecting Ecclesiastical Benefices.

Pro Regina in absentia Regis de intendendo. — Power to the Treasury of the Chamber to issue Money to her Orders.

Pro Domina Katerina Regina Angliae de Regentia.

Commissa Katern. Regin. Ang. Restric. et gubernatric. Regni nostri. — Giving herPower, with the Consent of Council, to array the Subjt fts for the Defence of the Kingdom, and to appoint the Earl of Hertford to command the fame. Also Power to issue Money, and to direct Acts under the Great Seal, with Consent of the Majority of the Council.

Pro Restrice ante-memorata.

Georg. Princep. Wall. Custod. Regni nostri et Locum te-nent. — Giving also special Powers to hold, adjourn, and prorogue Parliament.

It appears to the Committee, that a Patent, with the like Powers as the last preceding one, passed in the Year 1732, appointing Queen Caroline Guardian and Lieutenant, of the Kingdom in the King’s Absence.

John Topham, Esq; from His Majesty’s Paper Office, being examined, produced, " Translation of the Lords " Justices Commission in 1719, as corrected by my " L4 Ch. — some Alterations made afterwards j" which is as followeth.

Our Will and Pleasure is, That you prepare a Bill for Our Royal Signature, to pass Our Great Seal, in the Words or to the Effect following:

GEORGE, &c. To all to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting: Whereas We have determined (by the Blessing of God) for divers weighty Reasons, speedily to go in Person beyond the Seas; and having it greatly at Heart, that, during Our Absence, Our Peace may be preserved, Our Subjects defended and maintained in Security and Tranquility, and impartial Justice done to every one; and that all Matters of Government, and the Administration of Government, within this Our Kingdom of Great Britain, and also in Ireland, and the rest of Our Dominions, Plantations, and Territories, belonging to Our Crown of Great Britain, may be carefully and prudently conducted and ordered, in like Manner as if We Ourselves were Personally present in Great Britain. Know ye therefore, that We, reposing especial Trust and Confidence in the Prudence, Circumfpe&ion and Fidelity of Our Right trusty and Right well-beloved Cousins and Councillors,the most Reverend Father in God, William Archbishop of Canterbury, &c. by the Advice of Our Privy Council, have constituted, made, and appointed, and, by these Presents, do constitute, make, and appoint, the said William Archbishop of Canterbury, See. to be Our Guardians and Justices of Our said Kingdom of Great Britain, and Our Lieutenants in the fame, during Our Absence out of Our said Kingdom, or till further Signification of Our Pleasure; giving, and by these Presents granting to them, and the major Part of them (when they shall be all present together) and as often as, in case of Death, Disability, or Hindrance, by Sickness or otherwise, it shall happen that they shall not be all present together, then

them

to Four or more of those who shall be present together;

and to the major Part of them, Four or more (b being present together, full Power and Authority to execute the Office and Place of Guardians and Justices of Our said Kingdom of Great Britain, and of Our Lieutenants in the said Kingdom, and to order, do, and perform all and every Ait and Acts of Government and Administration of Government, and all other Matters and Things whatsoever, which by virtue or by reason of the aforesaid Office or Place have been usual, or may be lawfully ordered, done, or performed; commanding, and by these Presents strictly & firmly requiring all and fingulsr Our Subjects, of whatever Station, Degree^ or Order, that they and every of them be in all Things aiding, assisting, advising, and obedient to the said William Archbishop of Canterbury, &c\ or to Four or

more

Warrant for the Lords Justices Commission in 1719, compared with those of 17*0, *7*3. i7*S» and 1717.

Translation*

12° Decembris.

A. 1788*

tn flic Commission in the Yctr 1710, it flood thus s

As will by tbt Afan#, T\tU% §r Stilt tf Our Guardians mr Jufliets 9/ Our Kingdom afore mr Our Lieutenant j in tbt fame, tu by tbt Same, Title, tr Stilt tf Guetrdiant & Jufieei of'Our King dam aft ref aid.

The same in the Years

The Words underlined, were left out in the Commissions of the Years 1710, 13, 15, and 17.

more of them, or the major Part of such Four or more of them as aforesaid, as Guardians and Justices of Our said Kingdom, and Our Lieutenants in the same; and Our Will and Pleasure is, that the said William Arch-bishop of Canterbury, &c\ by virtue of the Authority granted by these Prefects, be, and shall be known, named, and called by the Name, Title, or Stile of Guardians and Justices of Our laid Kingdom, or Our Lieutenants in the fame; and that all Writs, Letters Patent, Commissions, 6c other Instruments or Writings whatsoever, which Should or ought to have or bear Telle by of under Ourself, shall bear Telle in under the Name of the First for the Time being, & the Stile of other Guardians & Justices of Our laid Kingdom,

and of Our Lieutenants in the fame, in the Form fol-

t____________________1 »

lowing, viz'. W ltnesses, William Archbishop of Canterbury, and other Guardians and Justices of the Kingdom: And further. We do by these Presents expressly declare, order, and grant, that during Our Absence out of this Our Kingdom of Great Britain, or till further Signification of Our Pleasure, they, the said William Archbishop of Canterbury, &c\ or any Four or more of them, or the major Part of such Four or more of them, in the Manner abovementioned, shall and may have full Power 6c Authority, within Our said Kingdom of Great Britain, to keep Our Peace, and to make and cause the Laws and Customs of the said Kingdom to be kept and observed by all, and to punish Criminals and Offenders against the fame, and to hold Our present Parliament, & to continue, prorogue, & dissolve the said Parliament, and likewise to summon and hold another Parliament, and other Parliaments, & the same to continue, prorogue, & diflolve} and also to direct and grant Authority to Our lieutenant, or Our Justices and general Governors of Our Kingdom of Ireland for the Time being, to summon, hold, prorogue, and dissolve the Parliament and Parliaments in the said Kingdom, and likewise to prepare & transmit the Bills which may be proposed to be enacted in such Parliaments, according to the Laws & Statutes of the said Kingdom of Ireland: And We do farther declare, order,' & grant, That the said Will", Archbishop of Canterbury, &c*.

or Four or more of them, or the major Part of such Four or more of them as aforesaid, from Time to Time, shall and may have Authority, as often as they shall think it expedient, to summon and hold Our Privy Council, & to appoint Committees Of the fame, and with the Advice of Our Privy Council to iflbe Proclamations, and to do and perform all other Things, which have been usually done, or m?y be done, by Us, by or with the Advice of the fame: Commanding, and by these Presents enjoining, all and singular Our Privy Councillors for the Time being, when they shall be summoned, as aforesaid, to be present and attend: And We do further declare, order, and grant. That the said Will. Archbishop of Canterbury, &c. or Four or more of them, or the major Part of such Four or more of them, as aforesaid, during Our said Absence, or till further Signification of Our Pleasure, shall and pnay have full Power and Authority to treat, or to appoint and authorize Persons to treat, with the Ambassadors, Commiflarys, & Ministers of Emperors, Kings, Princes, Republicks, or States, and to make and conclude Treatys, Conventions, and Leagues thereupon; 6c likewise to confer, grant, present to all Benefices, Dignitys, & Ecclesiastical Promotions, where the Presentation or Grant belongs to Us by any Right or Title whatsoever: And We do farther declare, order, and grant, That the said Will* Archbishop of Canterbury, &c. or any Four or more of* them, or the major Part of such Four or more of them, as aforesaid, during Our said Absence, or till further Signification of Our Pleasure, shall and may

have full Power and Authority to give, grant, & issue Commands, Authorities, Orders, and Warrants, under Our Privy Seal, or otherwise, to Our Treasurer, or to the Commifs'* of or for Our Treasury, and to the other Officers & Persons to whom it does or may belong, for and concerning the Collection, Levying, Application, Payment, and Disposal of Our Treasure Revenue; and also tb cause Our Militia, 6c Guards & Garrisons, which shall be within this Kingdom, to be mullered & assembled, and new Troops to be raised and assembled (if there should be Occasion) and to command and cause to be commanded all the said Forces, and all Soldiers, as well in Garrison as elsewhere, and all Camps, Calljes, Forts, and Fortifications, and to cause all Our said Forces, Sc ait Our Soldiers whatsoever (when Occasion shall requife) to march, to be drawn up, led forth, and sent upon actual Service, and also to repell and suppress Invasions, In-furredions, Rebellions, Rebellious Assemblys, Enemies, and Tumults, and all such like Attempts and Enterprizes, and also to execute and employ Martial Law in Time of War, if that Should happen, as often and as far as may be done according to the Laws and Statutes of Our Realm; and to command give Orders* or Instructions, to Our Commifs" for executing the Office of High Admiral of Great Britain, and to all & singular Our Commifs" Officers, as well Naval or Marine, 6c Military, as Civil, in relation to their respective Services, Offices, and Employments, and also to constitute, make, and appoint all and all Manner of Officers, Commissioners, Ministers, Agents, and Servants, and to grant and confer all Offices, Places, and Employments in Our Disposal, and to suspend, remove, or discharge any Person from such Office, Place, or Employment j and also to grant 6c issue, as well general as special Pardons of High Treason, and all other Crimes and Offences against Us, and of all Sentences, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, on Account thereof; and that they shall and may have, in like Manner, full Power and Authority to direct, perform, and order the Administration of Our Government, and of all Matters and Business in or concerning Our Kingdom of Ireland, and in or concerning all other Dominions, Plantations, & Territories belonging to Our Crown of Great Britain, in as ample Manner & Form as We Ourselves have used to do, or rhight have done, if we had been present in Great Britain. And Our Royal Will and Pleasure is, that the aforesaid William Archbishop of Canterbury, &c. or any

Five or more of them, or the major Part of such Four or more of them as aforesaid, during Our said Absence, or till further Signification of Our Pleasure, shall and may have & enjoy, and in Our Name and Place use, exercise, and execute all and Angular the Powers and Authorities expressed and contained in these Presents, and all other Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Acts of Government and Adrrinillration of Government, in as full, ample, & effectual Manner, as We Ourselves could use, exercise, and execute the fame, if We were Personally present in Our said Kingdom of Great Britain. Provided always nevertheless, and We will, command, and require, that in the Execution of this Our Commission, and of the leveial Powers, Authorities, and Commands contained in the fame, the aforesaid William Archbishop of Canterbury, &c. do punctually observe Our Will and Pleasure, as shall or may be from Time to Time more clearly 6c distinctly expressed in Instructions signed by Our own Royal Fland, if We should think fit to give them any such, before Our Departure out of this Our Kingdom, or to transmit them to them, during Our Absence; and that

that they carefully follow the same in all Things what shall be directed by such Instructions.

And lastly, We do by these Presents declare, that it is

Our

4p Geo. III. 12° Decembris. 4-f

Our express Will and Purpose* that the said William Archbishop of Canterbury, &c. Should in all their Acts and Deeds, in the Prosecution and Execution of these Presents, proceed according to Law and Justice, and in no same otherwise. And We do by these Presents strictly command and require, by the Faith and Allegiance which they owe Us, that they the said William Arch-bishop of Canterbury, See.. do serve Us in the Premises according to this Our Royal Will and Declaration.

Witness, &c\ Witness, &c\

And for so doing, this shall be your Warrant. GIVEN at Our Court at St. James's, the Day of

in the Year of Our

Reign.

By His Majesty’s Command.

To Our Attorney or Soilicitor General.

H E also produced the Instructions to the Lords Justices in May 17191 which are as follow; viz.

INSTRUCTIONS to the Lords Justices,

May 1719.

Instructions to Our right trusty and right well-beloved Cousins Sc Councillors, William Lord Archbishop of Canterbury; Thomas Lord Parker, Lord Chancellor of Great Britain; Evelyn Duke of Kingston, Lord President of Our Council'; Henry Duke of Kent, Lord Privy Seal; John Duke of Greenwich, Lord Steward of Our Household; Thomas Duke of Newcastle, Lord Chamberlain of Our Household; Charles Duke of Bolton, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland; John Duke of Marlborough, Captain General of Our Forces; John Duke of Roxburgh, one of Our Principal Secretarvs of State; Charles Earl of Sunderland, First Commissioner of Our Treasury, & Groom of Our Stole; James Earl of Berkeley, First Commissioner of Our Admiralty; James Earl Stanhope, one of Our Principal Secretary's of State; and James Craggs,

1 Jun', Esqr, another of Our Principal Secretary’s

of State, Guardians, and Justices of the Kingdom, & Our Lieutenants in the fame. GIVEN at Our Court at St. James’s, the Day of May, 1719, in the Fifth Year of Our Reign.

Whereas, for the more effectual carrying on & promoting the many Negotiations which will be on Foot to restore the Peace of the North, wherein the Trade & Tranquillity of this Our Kingdom may be very much concerned, We have determined, by the BlcfDng of God, speedily to go in Person beyond the Seas; having taken into Our most serious Consideration by what Means the Peace, Prosperity, good Government of this Our Kingdom may be most effectually secured Sc maintained during such Our Absence s For attaining these Ends, We have made Choice of you, as Persons of approved Loyalty, W idiom, Courage, Moderation and Integrity, to exercise Our Royal Authority here, Sc to represent Our Person; Sc having diffidently authorized you accordingly, by Letters Patents, under Our Great Seal of Great Britain, We doubt not but you will, with all Application and Fidelity, discharge the great Trust reposed in you; nevertheless, for your Direction therein, and that you may be more fully informed of Our Intentions in the said Letters Patents, and in what Manner We would have Our Government administered by you during Our Absence, We have thought fit to prescribe to you the following Rules and Instructions, viz*.

1. The Care of, and Concern for Religion, being Vol.XLIV.

the surest Foundation of a Nation’s Happiness, We recommend it to you in a particular Manner, and more especially require it of you, that, above all Things, yoii seriously and earnestly endeavour to promote the Service and Worship of Almighty God, and take Care of all Things relating the reunto, as far as is incumbent on you.

a. Whenever any Bishoprick. of England, or any Deanry or Archdeanry, or any Prebend or Canonry in the fame, or any Place of Royal Professor in either of the Universitys of Oxford or Cambridge, or the Master-ship of any Colledge or Hospital, or any Living or Benefice which are in Our Gift, and reserved to Our own Royal Dispofnion, shall happen to be vacant by Death, Promotion, or otherwise, you are not to dispose of any of the said Preferments, without. first receiving Our Direction as to the Persons, to be signified from beyond the Seas under Our Sign Manual.

3. You are to assist, countenance, and support the Commissioners We have appointed for executing the Office of Treasurer of Our Exchequer, and to give all fitting Support, as Justice and Our Service shall require; to the several Commissioners and Officers employed in the managing and collecting of any Part of Our Revenue.

4. You shall not give any Orders or Directions Concerning the Disposition of Money at Our Treasury, during Our Absence, before Our Pleasure shall be signitied thereupon; but it is not Our Meaning to restrain you from giving Orders to Our find Commissioners for issuing Money, in Cafes where you shall judge k cannot be avoided without apparent Prejudice to Our Service,

And whereas We have by Our Commission, bearing Date directed and im-

powered and other the Chief

Officers of Our Army, to examine redress the Abuses thereof, and have by Our Instruction to them signified Our further Pleasure therein; you are to take Care that the same be pursued; as you are hereby further authorized, if you shall fee Cause, to give other or new Instructions to the said Chief Officers relating to Our Service, and the better Government of Our Forces; in which same you are to acquaint Us therewith, as soon after as conveniently may be.

б. That you may be the better enabled to discharge the great Trust We have reposed in you. We hereby declare that We will not admit of any particular Complaint of Injustice or Oppression, unless it appear the Party hath first addressed himfdf to you.

7. When any Office or Employment in Our Disposal shall become void, you shall forthwith advise Us thereof; and you are not to dispose of such Office or Employment till Wc have signified Our Pleasure in that Behalf, unless you shall judge it necessary for Our Service, that the said Vacancy be immediately supplied.

8. If any Warrants, Letters, Orders, or Directions, shall be sent to you from Us, or in Our Name, upon which you think it for Our Service to make any Representation to Us: In such same We allow that you suspend putting in Execution what shall be so directed, till We are made acquainted with what you have to offer, & shall thereupon have signified Our further Pleasure.

9. Tho’, by Our Commission, We have inverted you with the Power of pardoning all Sorts of Crimes and Offences, yet Our Pleasure is, that the same be not used but in Cafes of Necessity, 6r such as you shall judge will not admit of Delay, without the apparent Prejudice of Our Service; but on other Occasions, if, you shall be of Opinion that any Offenders may be proper Objects of Our Mercy, you are at Liberty to reprieve them, or flay further Proceedings against them till Our Pleasure be known in that Behalf.

10. In like Manner you are not to remove any Persons from their Offices or Employments, but in Cafes

M of

4i ii* — 16"

bf Necessity, or which you shall judge will not admit of Delay, without apparent Prejudice to Our Service but where you lee Cause, you are at Liberty to suspend from the Execution of Offices or Employments, till Our Pleasure be further known; and when any Person shall be lo suspended, you are forthwith to represent the same to Us.

it. You are not to issue Orders for drawing together ny Part of the Militia of Our Kingdom, out of their respective Countys, unless you shall find it requisite for preserving the Peace of Our Kingdom; neither are you to give any Orders for raising any new Forces, unless Our Pleasure be first signified in that Behalf, except m Cafes where you have good Grounds to apprehend an immediate Invasion, Insurrection, or Rebellion.

ia. You are not to diifolve the Parliament now in being, or to call a new Parliament, but upon a special Signification of Our Pleasure herein; and you are to continue the present Parliament by Short Prorogations, as you shall think most expedient for Our Service, until We shall otherwise direct under Our Royal Sign Manual

13. You are to summon Our Privy Council to meet as often as you shall fee Occasion.

14. You shall give such Instructions to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, concerning the Meeting & Sitting, or proroguing of Our Parliament in that Kingdom, as you shall think most for Our Service j which being first approved by Us, are to be pursued by him in all Cases, excepc where Our Pleasure shall be signified to the contrary under Our Sign Manual.

15. You are not to begin or conclude any League or Treaty with any Prince or State, but by Our express Directions.

16. We leave it to you to give Pafles & Licences to those that have Occasion to go beyond the Seas, as you shall think fit.

17. You shall give, from Time to Time, such Orders

2c Directions as you shall judge most expedient for the

Security of the Coasts of Qur Kingdoms, 2c for protecting the Trade thereof, as also for annoying the Enemy 2c their Coasts, 2c ruining their Traffick; 2c to those Ends you are to issue out Orders either to the Commissioners of Our Admiralty, the Commander or Commanders in Chief of any of Our Fleets at Sea, or to any other Officer or Person, as you judge it requisite for Our Service.

18. And whereas We have thought fit to constitute and appoint Commissioners to consider of the belt and most effectual Ways and Methods to secure, encourage, and improve the Trade, Manufactures, Plantations, and Fishery of this Kingdom, you are to give them all due Countenance and Afiiltance, and to give such Directions, upon the Representations they shall make from Time to Time concerning the same, as you shall think fit 2c proper.

19. And whereas We have appointed the Counteis of Portland Govemefs to the young Princefies, our dearly-belpved Grand-children, it is Our farther Will and Pleasure, that you assist, countenance, 2c support her, in the Care of their Persons 2c Education, pursuant to such Instructions as We have given or shall give her under Our Royal Sign Manual; and also that you give Directions to the Officers of the Guards who shall be upon Duty at Our Palace of Kensington, or at such other of Our Royal Palaces where the young Princesses shall reside during Our Absence, to observe such Orders as they shall receive from the said Countess of Portland.

20. You shall carefully observe and follow what further Orders and Directions We shall think fit to fend you, from Time to Time, during Our Absence.

21. We do hereby authorize you to use Two Common Seals, one of a larger Size for the sealing of any Warrants or Orders issuing from yourselves, the other a

Decembrif. A. 1788.

small one to seal your Letters} for die engraving of which Seals We have given Directions.

Mr. Topham then produced Original Instructions to the Lords Commissioners in 1740, 1741, and 1743, which appeared to agree with the Instructions of May 1719, except as to some additional Articles relative to the War then carrying on.

William Pollock, Esquire, from the Secretary of State’s Office, being then called, produced the Instructions to the Lords Justices, of the following Dates., viz.

1 May 1745,

12 May 1748,

9 April 1750,

25 Mar. 1752,

22 April 1755.

All which appeared to contain the like Authorities and Instructions as in the Commission passed in April *743-

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- state of the

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole N*'l."D'°,be House, to take into Confederation the State of the eon Nation.

Ordered, That the Paper, containing a Copy of the Paper* refer-Examination of His Majesty’s Physicians before the red-Privy Council, with respect to the State of His Majesty’s Health, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine die Physicians who have attended His Majesty during His 111-ness, touching the State of His Majesty’s Health, and to report such Examination to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine and report Precedents of such Proceedings as may have been had in the same of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority being prevented, or interrupted, by Infancy,

Sickness, Infirmity, or otherwise, with a View to provide a Remedy for the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 16° die Decembrist

Anno 29* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

SEVERAL Members returned upon new Writs Member* took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the De- tak* 0atba* claration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Devise* Wriu the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir James Tylney Long, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath ac-8 cepted

{j

19 Geo. lit. 166 — 184 — 190 Decembris. 4$

cepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and to take into further Consideration the State of the Na-j Bonenbam,in the County of Buckingham. tien.

Beeraifton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to And then the House adjourned till To-morfowMorn-Wnt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ing. Ten of the Clock,

the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beeraifton, in the County of .. -

Devon, in the room of Lieutenant General Charles

Rainsford,.who, since his Election for the said Borough, 1 hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Raft Hcndred, in the County of Berks.

Weymouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Re uw°?.be Glerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ fdr the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and in the County of Dorset, in the room of George Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The Order of the Day being read; on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Nation. ’whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wation took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wation reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report^ when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Wation also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

C»ll deferred. The House was moved. That the Order, made upon , Wednesday last, for the House to be called over To-

morrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And the House having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 18° die;

Anno 29* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

Report on H E Order of the Day being read, for receiving

Ne^on^de-' A the Report from the Committee of the whole ferred. House, to whom it was referred to take into Considera-

tien the State of the Nation;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

St^rfufe0" The other Order of the Day being read;

Nation defer* Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

fed*

Veneris, i 90 die De;

Anno 29* Georgii III. U Regis* ^788.

Prayers.

MR. Alderman Wation, according to Order; re- ReportRe'fd-ported from the Committee of the whole House, "'’O"«»» to whom it was referred to take into Consideration the Nat'on, V?- State of the Nation, the Resolutions which the Com- speain* Hi* mittee had directed him to report to she House; which ^jrftyfl*;n he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at *

the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee,

That His Majesty is prevented, by His present Indif-position, from coming to His Parliament, and from attending to Public Business; and that the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty is thereby, for the present, interrupted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is the Right and Duty of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons of Great Britain now assembled, and lawfully, fully, and freely representing all the Estates of the People of this Realm, to provide the Means of supplying the Defeat of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority, arising from His Majesty’s said Indisposition, in such Manner as the Exigency of the same may appear to them to require.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for this Purpose, and for maintaining intire the Constitutional Authority of the King, it is necessary that the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons of Great Britain, should determine on the Means whereby the Royal Afient may be given in Parliament to such Bill as may be passed by the Two Houses of Parliament, respecting the Exercise of the Powers and Authorities of the Crown, in the Name, and on the Behalf, of the King, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s present Indisposition.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " Right and."

And the Question being put. That the Words "Right " and " stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative,

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the Words " in such 1 Manner as the Exigency of the same may appear to " them to require," in order to insert the Words " by " humbly addressing His Royal Highness the Prince of " Wales, Heir Apparent of the Crowp, and now of c< Age, to take the Care of the Administration of the " Civil and Military Government of the Kingdom,

" during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Indisposition,

" and no longer," instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An

Dcba'e on AMiemiment promoted 10 one of (he F € so!ution» adjourned.

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out from the Word " determine" to the End of the Resolution, in order to insert these Words, humbly to address His Royal Highness the Prince " of Wales to take the Care of the Administration of the Civil and Military Government of the Kingdom, " during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Indifpofi-" tien, and no longer," instead thereof.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 23* die Decembris\

The other Order of the Day being read; s«»e of the Re/ohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Ninoo defer- ing nextj ref0ive icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2 2* dieDecetnbris

Anno 29* Georgii Hr" Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

Amend meat I 'HE House, according to Order, resumed the propoiecTto X adjourned Debate on the Amendment, which upon

One of the Re- Friday last was proposed to be made to the Third Relb-poned from* lotion reported from the Committee of the whole Committee on House, to whom it was referred to take into Considera-Nanor*re^ tien State of the Nation; which proposed Amend-fumed.’ ment is as followeth; viz.

To leave out from the Word *c determine" to the End of the said Resolution, in order to insert thele Words, " humbly to address His Royal Highness the Prince of " Wales to take the Care of the Administration of the " Civil and Military Government of the Kingdom, " during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Indifpofi- tien, and no longer," instead thereof.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 18th Day of November 1766, with respect to the Exception taken to some Words used by Mr. Alderman Beck/ord, in a Debate, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } *J.

Tellers for the Noes, $?£ £*j 178.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolution* to Ordered, That the several Resolutions which, upon «atedT"the'* Friday last, were reported from the Committee of the Lord* at whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Con-Confmnce. sideration the State of the Nation, and which have been agreed to by the House, be communicated to the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon a Matter of high Importance to His Majesty and the Nation.

Ordered, That the Marquis of do go to the

Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Anno 29* Georgii III. H Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

npHE Marquis of Worcester reported to the House, The Lout*

X That he had, according to Order, been with the aCon* Lords to desire a Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage Manager* ap* the said Conference. P°m,ed-

And a Committee was appointed of the Marquis of Worcester, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Alderman Wation, the Earl of Mornington, the Earl of -town, the Lord dpftey, the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord Belgra Mr. Rolle, the Master of the Rolls.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Marquis of Worcester reported. That the Mana- Conference gers had been at the Conference, which was managed, rePor*®d* on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council; and that the Managers had communicated to the Lords the Resolutions which this House had Yesterday directed to be communicated at the said Conference, and had desired their Lordships Concurrence thereto, and had left a Copy of the same with the Lords.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Call defcntd. Tuesday last, for the House to be called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

prdered. That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tomorrow. Sevennight, the 31st Day of this Instant December.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 29° die Decembris;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. H«»fc ad.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were j°umed* not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question full put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read j Kinon^deter- Eejolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seventh. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Mortis,

2p Geo. III. 3°6 Decembrti — *i° — 1° — 50 yarn aril. 4$

Mart is,30* die,

Anno 29* Georgii III. U Regis, 1788.

Hoof*»e- /TTMiE House being met, the Clerk at the Table

"spcak'r't .-§ acquainted the House, That Mr. Speaker was in-Wipoiiiion. disposed with a Cold and Fever, which confined him to his Chamber; and that Mr. Speaker had directed him to express to the House his Concern that he was prevented from attending their Service this Day, but that he hoped in a Day or Two to be able to return to his Duty.

Whereupon it was moved, That the House would adjourn till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And thereupon the Clerk (to whom those who spoke addressed them (elves, according to former Practice in the Absence of the Speaker) by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

10 dieyanuarii;

Anno 29° Georgii III"* Regis, 1789.

Houseinform. npH F. House being met, the Clerk at the Table SnMiIct M'0"* J. informed the House, That Mr. Speaker Hill con- Mr. spt.kcr’f tinued indisposed, and was not able to attend his Duty Wpothian. in the House.

Whereupon (Forty Members not being present, and it being after Four of the Clock) the Clerk declared the House to be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20 die yanuarii;

Anno 29® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Bovfeat- rpHE House being met, the Clerk at the Table ac-^Mintrdwith quainted the House, That he was extremely sorry " to inform them, that Mr. Speaker died this Morning.

After which, and before any Member spoke, the Mace was brought into the House by the Serjeant, and laid under the Table.

And a Motion being made, That the House do adjourn till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock;

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 15th Day of December 1783, of the Adjournment of the House from that Day to the 17th of the same Month, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Clerk, by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

down) taking Kdfict-of the Information which thd ‘

Floufe received on Fridayfofk, of the Death of Mr. Speaker* and Hating the Necessity there was for the House to proceed immediately,to the Choice of another Speaker, proposed to the House for their Speaker the Right ho--nourable William Wyndham Grenvillj in which Mbriqn he was seconded by William Pulteney, Esquire. ’ .

Then Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, was proposed by the -Right honourable Welbore Ellis, who was.secondedby the

Right honourable Frederick. Montagu* '- -And thereupon the said Mr. Grenville and the said Sir .'

Gilbert Elliot respectively addressed: themselves to the House.

Then the Question was put by the Clerk, That the Right honourable William Wyndham Grenville do take the Chair of this House as Speaker.. 'J

The Clerk declared the Yeas had it.

The House was divided:

The Yeas on the Right Hand,

The Noes on the Left.; >

The Tellers were appointed by the Clerk ’

For the Yeas,

Mr. Robert Smith - - - 215.

For the Noes,: - 1 \

The Lord Maitland - - 144.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Whereupon the said Mr. Grenville was conducted to the Chair by the said Earl of Euston and Mr. Pulteney 1 where, Handing on the Upper Step of the Chair, he. again addressed himself to the House, submitting him-fclf to their Commands, hoping for their Indulgence to pardon all his Defects; and expressing himself truly sensible of the high Honour the House had beea ]-leased to confer upon him.

And then he fat down in the Chair; and the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid, by the Serjeant, upon the Table.

f *

Resolved, That this Floufe will, Tomorrow Mornirtg, Srere of tht resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ,to. take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Boter Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, in the room of die honourable James Luttrell,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Sumy Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Surrey, in the room of the honourable William Norton, now Lord Grantley, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ry« Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of in the room of the Right honourable Charles Wolfran Cornwall, deceased.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunas, 50 die yanuarii;

Anno 29* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bamff Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Bamff, in the room of Sir James Duff, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejboroagh, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Grenville fl[R. Serjeant came, and brought the Mace, and cke&nSpcaker. XVJL laid it under the Table.

Then the Earl of Euston (addressed himself to the Clerk, who, Handing up, pointed to him, and then fat You XLIV.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The SmS» Ur.Grave,: ta£.‘C"'

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this

1NJ House

1

4(5

-6° Januariu

A. 1789.

C orfere<o ce grad t0\

Mtnagen appointed.

Conference

reputed#

" into the Nature and present State of His Majesty’s " Malady, and into the Probability of His speedy Recovery; and that they have Power to fend - for such " Merlons and Papers as they think may give them ct sufficient Information concerning the same," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " examine the Physicians" stand Part of the Question; The House divided.

The Teas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

j H.

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President Question, by inserting, after the Word "Physicians,"

House in the Painted Chamber, Upon the Subject Mat* ter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew. *

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Con* ference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in 1 and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And. the Names of the Managers were called overt and they went to the Conference.

And being returned j

The Marquis of Worcester reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was

of the Council and that the Conference was to acquaint this House, that the Lords have taken into their Consideration the Resolutions of the Commons, communicated to their Lordships at a Conference on the 23d Day of December last, and have agreed thereto. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

the Words. " and other Medical Persons."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put j.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Physicians who have- attended His Majesty during Morning, Ten of the Clock j and Mr. Speaker His Illness, touching the present State of His Majesty’s

Member* tike Oath*.

went away, the Mace being carried, by the Serjeant, before him.

Mortis, 6° die Januarii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

SEVERAL Members returned upon new Writs took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made Right honourable Edmund Burke,

Motion for reading the Order of the Day* Ncg.

Motion for calling upon the Physicians, to inform the House of the present Symptoms of Hit

M.ifcfty*s

Health.

Health, and to report such Examination, forthwith, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Committee be a Select Committee, consisting of Twenty-one Membe rs;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Select Committee, consisting of Twenty-one Members," in order to insert the Words " Committee of the whole House," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put j

Ordered, That the said Committee be a Select Committee, consisting of Twenty-one Members.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the ight honourable Edmund Burke, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, the Matter of the Rolls, the Right honourable Frederick Montagu, Mr. Attorney General, Robert Vyuer, Esquire, Thomas Powys, Esquire, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Mulgrave, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esquire, Edward Loveden Loveden, Esquire, the Marquis of Graham, Lord Viscount Bel-grave, Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, William,

for those Purposes.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Order of the Day be now read;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a considerable Space of Time having Esquire, the Right honourable William Philip

elapsed since the Examination of the Physicians, with Torke, Esquire, William Hujfey, Esquire, the Earl Gower,

respect to the State of His Majesty's Health, it is ---1 *L- o:~L- 1 ----- ----- Ll- ir- — — J-- L~ -L- j‘-:J

necessary to know whether any Alteration or Amend-

Pi rriau* Question Ncg.

Committee ip-pointed to ex* amine Hu Ma

ment has taken Place, and therefore, that the Physicians be called upon to inform this House, if. the jpresent Symptoms are such as give Reason to hope for the King’s speedy Recovery.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put}

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro

and the Right honourable Henry Dundas, be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for the said Physicians.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they find convenient; and to fit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That no Member of this House, but such as are Members of the said Committee, be there present. Ordered, That the said Committee do meet imme-

posed, That a Committee be appointed to examine the diately in the Speaker’s Chamber.

jesty's Physici- Physicians who have attended His Majesty during His the’ relent"8 touching the present State of His Majesty’s

Health, and to report such Examination, forthwith, to Health. the House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " Physicians," the Words " and other Medical Persons."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word9 " examine the " Physicians," in order to insert these Words, "esquire

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itftlf into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mom-Ten of the Clock.

ing,

Mercuri't,

State of tht Nation deferred.

House adjourned*

Member takes Oaths*

State of the Nation deferred.

House adjourns.

State of the Nation deferred.

Mercurii, 70 die;

Anno 290 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Lance, 12* die Janudrii 5

Anno 29° Georgii III"‘ Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being Counted by Mr. Speaker, it. appeared that Forty Members were not present j yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned, the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

P R A Y E R Si

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Gioueefter to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ*

Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Gioueeft, in the room of Sir Charles Barrow, Baronet, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° die yanuarii;

Anno 29° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

A MEMBER returned upon a new Writ took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

The Order of the Day being read,

ReJohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 90 die yanuarii;

Anno 29* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

THE House met.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 130 die yanuarii,

Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from Committ«ip-the Committee, appointed to examine the Phy- p^"n*'dH" 'x* ficians who have attended His Majesty during His Majesty't'phy IUness, touching the present State of His Majesty’s ficiam. Health, and to report such Examination, forthwith, to the House, That the Committee had examined the said Physicians, and had directed him to report such Examination to the House j and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s T able: Where the same was read, and is as followeth viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the said Physicians.

They also proceeded to some Length in examining, with respect to the Situation in which Dr. John Willis has attended His Majesty j and from such Examination are of Opinion, that he comes within the Order of Reference to this Committee: But as his Examination might have greatly protracted their Proceedings, and as they have Reason to suppose Dr. , Senior, fully informed of every Particular necessary to the Object of . their Enquiry, which could be stated by Dr. John , they have forborn to examine the latter, conceiving, that it is of the utmost Importance, that their Report Should not be any longer deferred.

The Examination of the Physicians is as follows, and that Part of it which relates to Dr. John , is added at the End of this Report.

Sabbatiy 10* die yanuarii; Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Pray e r.s.

THE House was moved. That the Order made upon Thursday last', for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Mon say Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7° die J, 1789.

Sir Lucas Pepys called in, and examined.

Whether, in his Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health does, or does not, continue to be such as to render His Majesty incapable either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

It certainly continues such as to render him incapable either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business.

What Hopes does Sir Lucas Pepys now entertain of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

The Hopes I now entertain are founded exactly upon the same Ground upon which they were when I formerly gave my Opinion.

Can Sir Lucas Pepys now form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time that His Majesty’s IUness is likely to last ?

9 I can

I can neither form Judgment or probable Conjecture of the Time that His Majesty’s Disease is likely to last.

Whether> in His Majesty’s Disorder, Sir Ljucos Pepys fees any present Signs of Convalescence ?

On the 27th of December, in the Evening, I saw His Majesty in such a Calm, and approaching towards a rational State, I was in Hopes, had it continued, Signs of Convalescence would soon have appeared: Those good Symptoms appeared only for an Hour; since which I have l'een no Signs of approaching Convalescence.

Are there any attual Symptoms at present, which lead Sir Lucas Pepys to entertain more or less favourable Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery, than he has hitherto had during his Attendance ?

I think His Majesty is more easily controuled, and therefore I Should hope that he was advancing towards Recovery, though no actual Symptoms appear.

Whether it is not usual for Persons in the Situation of His Majesty to become more easily controuled, when they are put under the Care of Persons used to attend Patients in that Disorder?

Certainly — but He is more easily controuled now than He was a Fortnight ago, when under the same Care.

Whether this does not happen often, independant of any Advancement towards Recovery ?

As Controul is the principal Means used for Recovery, 1 consider Patients submitting to it more readily as a Mark of some Sort of Ground being got.

Does Sir Lucas Pepys consider the Circumstance of His Majesty being more easily controuled, as being in itself such a clear Symptom of the Abatement of the Disorder, as induces Sir Lucas Pepys from that Cause to entertain stronger Hopes of His Majesty’s speedy Recovery, than when Sir Lucas Pepys was last examined ?

Not stronger Hopes of His Majesty’s speedy Recovery, but Hopes of His more speedy Recovery.

Whether, in Sir Lucas Pepys's Judgment, Management or Medicine is the more operative Cause of Recovery in Cafes of this Sort ?

1 think without both Patients are not so likely to recover, as under either; neither would have Effect singly.

Does Sir Lucas Pepys think, that the Persons who usually have the Controul and Management of Persons in His Majesty’s Situation, are better, or worse. Judges of the true Inference arising from the Fast of quiet Submission to such Controul, than Physicians who have not made this Disorder their particular Study ?

I think they are better Judges.

What is the Degree of Attendance of the Physicians who are not constantly with His Majesty ?

Either myself, Dr. Gi/borne, or Dr. , are at

Ke:v, in Rotation, from Four o’Clock every Day, till Eleven the next Morning; at Ten o’Clock every Morning, either Sir George Baker or Dr. comes to

Kew, visits His Majesty, and consult with the Physician who has remained there all Night, and Dr. Willis, and usually remains there about an Hour.

Whether there are any other Medical Persons that

attend His Majesty ?

Two Surgeons and Two Apothecaries.

Whether Accounts are not received from them respecting His Majesty’s Situation ?

No regular Account is given by them, but they are frequently alkcd.

Whether those Surgeons and Apothecaries, or any of them, -arc Persons who have made this Disorder their particular Study, or who have usually had the Controul

and Management of Persons in His Majesty’s Situation ?

I cannot say whether they have made this particular Disorder their particular Study. — -I conclude they occasionally fee Patients in this Disorder, though they may not have the Controul and Management of them.

Whether you think them capable of relating Fadts with Accuracy and Integrity ?

I would trust the Judgment and Integrity of any of them.

Whether those Surgeons and Apothecaries have the same Opportunities of observing the particular Situation of His Majesty as Dr. Willis has ?

Not the same Opportunity as Dr. Willis has, but the same Opportunity as any other of the Three Physicians have who attend in Rotation.

Whether Dr. Willis is present with the King often, or for any considerable Length of Time, when some one of those Surgeons and Apothecaries is not present ?

Very frequently, and for a considerable Length of Time, when none of them are present.

Are not some of them present at Tithes in which Dr. Willis is not present ?

Sometimes, but not often.

When Dr. Willis takes Rest, who is it that attends, the King ? ,

A Page, and one of Dr. Willis's Men.

Do no Physician or Apothecary ever come in at such Times ?

There is a positive Order that Nobody shall go into

His Majesty’s Room without Dr. Willis's Leave.

Who gave that Order ?

I don’t know — it is written up in the Outer Room.

Did you never ask who gave that Order ?

I never asked.

What do you mean by the easier Subjection to Controul ?

I mean a slighter-Degree of Intimidation.

Is the easier Submifilon to Controul, in your Opinion, produced by actual Abatements of the Disorder, or do you only consider it as facilitating the Management which may produce a Cure ?

I conceive it as an actual Abatement of the Disorder as far as that goes.

Whether Persons who have been for any Length of Time under a Degree of actual Controul, do not, from that Circumstance, more easily substiit to Controul, independant of any Abatement of the Disorder ?

I think not, as I have seen Patients under the strong-eft Degree of Coercion for Months together, who have not been, at the End of that Period, more under Controul than they were at first.

Whether you have not known Patients who, after having been under Coercion for some Time, have become more manageable without any Symptoms of Recovery appearing ?

Certainly without any Symptoms of Recovery, but not without Symptoms of an Abatement of the Disorder.

Whether or no you have not known such Symptoms of Abatement in Consequence of Controul to have existed, without any Recovery having followed ?

Certainly.

Whether after His Majesty has been submifllve to Controul, as by you stated. He has not afterwards grown less manageable ?

Certainly — but not less manageable than He was before Coercion was used.

When

2pG£0. III. 136 j

When was it last found necessary to life Coercion ?

The Middle of last Week, as far as I can speak from my own Observation — I understand it has been used firice.

Whether, before Dr. Willis came about the King, the same Modes of Coercion were used ?

No.

Whether there is not a greater Probability of Recovery where Symptoms of Abatement of the Disorder have appeared, than where the Disorder has remained for the same Time without such Symptoms of Abatement ?

The Probability of Recovery is always in Proportion to the Frequency and Degree of Abatement of the Disorder, except in Cafes of sudden Recovery.

Does the Majority of Persons in His Majesty’s Situation, with its present Symptoms and Appearances, recover ?

It is my Opinion that they certainly do.

Whether you consider the Chance of Recovery in a Person who has passed Ten Weeks without Symptoms of Convalescence, to be equal to that of a Person who has paHed only Six Weeks without any such Symptoms ?

I think the Difference between Six Weeks and Ten Weeks-perfectly immaterial in Cafes of this Sort, the Period is so short. '

Do you mean the Majority of Persons in general have recovered, or do you mean the Majority of those who are about the same Age as His Majesty ?

I cannot speak from any Observation of my own, nor do I know that any such Observations have been made by others, whether the Majority of Persons afflicted with that Disorder at that Time of Life do or do not recover.

Do you consider His Majesty’s present Chance of Recovery (all the Circumstances of His Majesty’s same that have fallen within your Observation being attended to) as being greater, or less, than it was when you was last examined here, or as being equally good ?

From the Circumstances which I saw on the 27th of December, I chink I can speak with more Certainty, when I say that I conclude His Majesty will recover, than I did when I was last examined.

Was Dr. Willis present on the 27th of , at

the Time you observed the Circumstances you alluded to ?

Only for a very few Minutes, and those at the End of the Time j but his Son was there the whole Time.

Since Dr. Willis has attended His Majesty, whether either Dr. Willis or his Son has always been present, when you attended, during the whole Time?

I have sometimes been with His Majesty alone, more commonly in the Presence of Dr. Willis or his Son.

Have you observed any Difference in His Majesty when you have seen Him alone, and when in the Presence of Dr. Willis or his Son ?

Sometimes His Majesty is more irritable when either Dr. Willis or his Son is present, and at other Times the contrary.

Whether on the 27 th of December His Majesty shew-ed any Consciousness of the Situation He then was, or had been in ?

There was no Consciousness shewn at that Time of His then present Situation; but He spoke of His having been delirious at Windsor, and was surprized on my telling Him, that His Delirium had continued above Three Weeks.

Whether there has been any direct or indirect Attempt made by any of the Physicians, at any Time, to Vol. XLIV.

fantlarii 49

controul or influence you with respect to die Account to be given of His Majesty’s Situation ?

Certainly not.

Have not Symptoms of Irritation in His Majesty’s same been frequent since you was last examined here ?

Very frequent.

Whether the Means of Coercion have not been more 1 frequently resorted to since that Period than before ?

More frequently.

Whether you have consulted any eminent Person conversant in those Cafes, and not attending on His Majesty, respecting His Majesty’s Disorder ?

I have spoken with Dr. Mwho has seen more Patients than any Practitioner ever did fee, Upon the Point only of the Probability of His Majesty’s Recovery, but not with regard to Medicine or Treatment.

Whether Sir Lucas Pepys has not founded his Opinion as well upon the Reports of the Two Surgeons, and Two Apothecaries, and other Persons in Attendance upon His Majesty, as upon his own Observations ?

I ground my Opinion upon my own Observation only.

How long before your last Examination were the Means of Coercion at all resorted to ?

I believe only Once, if at all; I am not sure.

Do you then conceive the Irritation to have been greater since that Examination than it was before ?

I do not consider that the Irritation was greater; but the Means of Coercion were not in our Hands till about the Time* of Examination.

Had the Irritation, previous to the Time of the Examination, in any Manner subsided ?

Not so much as it has since.

Whether, notwithstanding the Symptoms of Irritation in His Majesty’s same has been frequent since Sir Lucas Pepys was examined here, and notwithstanding the Means of Coercion have been more frequently resorted to since that Time than before, Sir Lucas Pepys can speak with more Certainty when he fays that he concludes His Majesty will recover, than he did >when he was last examined here ?

Yes, I think I can.

Can you speak with greater Certainty with respect to the Time of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

I can say nothing about Time.

Withdrew.

The Reverend Doctor Francis Willis called in, and examined.

Whether, in your Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health does, or does not, continue to be such as to render His Majesty incapable either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

Certainly not capable.

What Hopes does Dr. Willis now entertain of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

Such Hopes, that if a Patient under the same Indif-position was in my House, I should not have the least Doubt of his Recovery.

Can Dr. Willis now form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time that His Majesty’s lllnels is likely to last ?

Not any; — I could not fix upon any; — I would not hazard an Opinion of that Kind.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, Dr. Willis fees any present Signs of Convalescence ?

About a Fortnight ago His Majesty would take up Books, and could not read a Line of them j He now will read several Pages together, and make, in my Opi-

O nion.

nion, very good Remarks upon the Subject: I think, in the main, His Majesty does every Thing in a more rational Way than He did, and some Things extremely rational.

How often has Dr. Willis found it necessary to use Coercion to His Majesty, since he was last examined here ?

I cannot say, but very often: Before that Time, the Occasions were continual, but in a different Mode.

What Period of Time do you mean, when you say before that Time ?

I believe I was Five Days before I used any particular coercive Mode, but endeavoured to persuade and explain what Method must be made use of, if there was not a ready Compliance.

- When did you first begin the Mode of Coercion ?

I really don’t know the particular Day.

Whether Dr. Willis keeps any Diary of his Proceedings?

Not before the 7th or 8th Day I was there, as I believe. '

To what Period did you refer when you said, before your last Examination there had been continual Occa-lions for Coercion, though in a different Mode ?

I believe it was so when I came, and for some Time after; and I understood from the Pages, it had been lb a considerable Time before.

Whether the King was in this State of Irritation, requiring Coercion, at or about the Time you was examined here before ?

He was at Times, not always.

Do you understand from Information that, previous to that Time, the Occasions for Coercion were without any Intermission ?

In all Probability there must have been Intermissions.

Whether the Instances of Coercion, in whatever Mode, were more frequent from the Time of his Arrival to the Time of his last Examination, than they have been since ?

Certainly more frequent.

Whether, during the Period in which you endeavoured to persuade and explain what particular Mode of Coercion must be made use of, and to the Day of your Examination, other Modes of Coercion were made use of, and more frequently, than after you had adopted the particular Mode ?

Certainly.

Whether, at the Time of your Examination before the former Committee of the House of Commons, the particular Mode of Coercion now alluded to by you had been resorted to ?

I really don’t know.

Whether, if the Irritation had in a great Measure fub-sided in consequence of the ordinary Modes of Constraint used upon His Majesty, you would have thought it necessary to have resorted to the particular Mode ?

If I had been confident of succeeding as well without, certainly I Should not have recurred to that Mode, for many Reasons.

Question repeated.

No, certainly not.

Whether Means of stronger Coercion have not been used since your last Examination than before ?

Certainly, a more firm Coercion, but not so teizing to the Patient, and therefore used.

Whether you can now inform the Committee, or can by Tomorrow enable yourfelfto inform them, when, and how often. Coercion has been used since your last Examination ?

I believe I could not; I will endeavour to do it, but I have no Idea that I can.

When did you last use Means of Coercion to your Patient ?

Either Saturday or Sunday, I don’t recoiled! which.

Whether there has been any direct, or indirect, Attempt made by any of the Physicians, at any Time, to controul or influence you with respect to the Account to be given of His Majesty’s Situation ?

I have once or twice refused to sign the Certificate, thinking His Majesty was better than the Certificate implied.

Do you mean that you did not sign ?

I persisted in the Refusal till it was altered, and then I did sign it; but latterly I have scarcely read it over, and did not mind whether it was exactly agreeable to my Opinion or nor, rather than have any Words.

Did you, in the Instances to which you refer, differ in Opinion from all the other Physicians attending ?

The Two Physicians present, I differed from; there are but Two attending in the Morning to sign it, except my Son.

Do you mean that this was such a Difference of Opinion that frequently happens among Medical Men upon the State of the Patient ?

Very frequently } but more likely in this Cafe, where the other Two Physicians have scarce seen a Patient in this Way for an Hour together; and I have attended various Patients in the same House, and known the Effect of Method and Medicine every Hpur.

What Means did you use to persuade the Physicians to alter the Account, and adopt your Opinion ?

That if I had a Patient at Home that had parted so many Hours in such a State, I Should conclude that Patient was better.

Did Dr. Willis use any other Means than Arguments of that Kind; did he hold out any Idea of pleasing, or displeasing, considerable Persons ?

No, none at all.

Are you sure, that on Friday last, the 2d of,

you did not use such Arguments ?

I will not be sure that I might not say the Alteration that was sent down by a certain Personage was not worth while disputing, and at the same Time that £ thought it nearer the Truth; for Dr. Warren did hold out, that he Should think no Person better, tiil they were perfectly well, under such an Indisposition. I asked the Doctor, if a Person, so indisposed, Should not say one sensible Word in 24 Hours, and the next 24 Hours say but one Word, that he would not say, if he was not indisposed, whether he would not think him better; and he told me — No. '

When you answered the last Question but one, had you in your Memory the Circumstance you have mentioned ?

I had not; I do not know that I certainly did say it; but I thought it, and very likely might say it.

Whether those Alterations, sent down by a certain Personage, were, or were not, suggested by you ?

They certainly were not; they were brought down by Two Ladies. — The Paper, as sent up, was concerted among the Physicians then present; was carried up, I believe, by General Gordon, and was returned by the Two

Ladies, I believe.

Do you recoiled whether the Alterations were made on the same Paper on which the Account was drawn up by the Doctors, or on different Paper sent down ?

As well as I remember, it was not altered at all — but proposed by the Ladies to be altered. — I believe the Alterations were not adopted — I am not sure, but I think not. — I believe the Account went to St. James's

in

13° Januarii.

5i

in the same Form. — I really do not charge my Memory with it; it was not worth while for me to remember.

Whether the Conversation you (late to have passed between you and Dr. Warren,passed when you were alone, or before Witnesses ?

Before those Ladies and the Physician, and One of the Surgeons, I don’t remember which, and my own Son.

Whether Dr. Willis does not conceive the Account sent to St. James’s to purport to contain the true and

exact Opinion of the Physicians who sign it, upon the State of His Majesty’s Health ?

Yes j as well as Three can agree in Opinion.

Do you mean to say, that you signed your Name to any Statement of the King’s Situation to which you do not agree ?

If it was not so favourable as I thought, I signed it, rather than have any Dispute.

Then, in Point of Fad, have you signed Accounts of the King’s Health, which in your own Mind and Confidence you did not believe to be correct ?

I believe no Three Physicians ever writ a Prescrip-tien for a Patient that was exactly conformable to each of their Wilhes.

Whether you consider the Account sent to St. James's as a Prescription, or as a Statement of Fads ?

As a Statement of Fads, as near as we could agree.

Do you mean to say, that it is usual for Physicians to sign their Names to Statements of Fads, which they are not sure are true and correct, for the Sake of Agreement ?

I have been told, by the Physicians here, that the Opinion of One should give way to the other Two; and that they were surprized I should hesitate about it.

Do you mean by the Physicians now attending His Majesty ? '

Yes.

Who are the other Medical Persons that are usually in constant Attendance on His Majesty ?

No Medical Person fits up with His Majesty — one of the Pages, and one of my Servants, are in the Room with him; and in the Anti-Room, one of each, who change every Two Hours, if they find it convenient.

What is His Majesty’s State this Day ?

I have not seen him since the Morning; he had a very good Night, and was Yesterday better than ever I saw him, and was calm this Morning.

Do you mean that there was a greater Appearance of rational Interval Yesterday, than at any other Time?

Yes.

Was there less Irritation Yesterday than before ?

A great deal less — he read and attended to reading for an Hour together.

Do you now consider the Irritation to have in a great Measure subsided ?

He is still extremely irritable.

Whether you wrote to the Prince of Wales, Yesterday, any Account of the King’s State ?

I believe I did on Monday.

Whether you do not consider the subsiding of the Irritation, as a necessary Prelude to Symptoms of Con-valefcence ?

I do. — His Majesty is not now so irritable as He was, nor does the Consequence of the Irritability continue a Tenth Part so long — not nearly so irritable as at the Time of my last Examination.

Withdrew.

Doctor Richard Warren called in, and examined.

Whether, in his Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health does, or does not, continue to be such as to render His Majesty incapable either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

Incapable.

Name the Physicians from whom you received that Information ?

Sir Lucas Pepys and Dr. Warren.

Are the Committee to understand that the Public have been, in any Measure, deceived by those Accounts sent to St. James's, as far -as the Authority of Dr. Willis's

Name was concerned ?

I have done my utmost to prevent their being deceived.

What do you mean by having done your utmost ?

I argued with the Physicians as much as I could for other Words to be put in, but in vain.

Do you recoiled: whether the Alteration, which you stated to Dr. Warren not to be worth disputing, was a material one ?

If I had thought it worth disputing, I should have thought it a material one.

Do you remember what the Alteration was ?

I cannot answer that, but it may be known.

Whether you have, at any Time, made any Complaint or Protest to any Person in Authority about the King, or to any of His Majesty’s Ministers, upon the Subject of the Accounts sent to St. , or given

them Information that such Accounts were not to be depended upon as correct, as far as your Name was concerned ?

I don’t remember any Thing at all about it.

How many Hoqrs in a Day is it usual for you to be iO personal Attendance on His Majesty ?

I can’t tell — Four or Six Hours, perhaps, according

His Majesty is employed.

3

What Hopes does Dr. Warren now entertain of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

My Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery Hand upon the same Foundation as they did when I was examined before, excepting that a little more Time has passed, which does not add to my Hopes, but is so little that it hardly ought to fubtrad from them.

Can Dr. Warren now form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time that His Majesty's Illness is likely to last ?

No.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, Dr. Warren fees any present Signs of Convalescence ?

No.

Whether there has been any Cefiation of the King’s Disorder at any Time since its Commencement ?

No, as far as I can judge. I vific His Majesty every other Morning, converse with Him as long as I think it necessary, and form a Judgment of the then State of His Majesty from the Knowledge which I obtain from conversing with Him: — The rest of my Knowledge of His Majesty’s State is obtairled from the Information given by the Physician who has attended from Four o’Clock in the Afternoon till the Time I get to Kew, and from Doctor Willis and his Son, and from the Information of Mr. Charles , Mr. , Mr.

Dundas, and Mr. Battifcombe, one or othfr of whom are constantly in the House in Attendance. From the Knowledge thus acquired, and Information thus obtained, I conclude that there has been no Cefiation of His Majesty’s Complaint.

Whether Dr. Warren thinks that the Information he

gathers

gathers from those Gentlemen is material to the forming of his Judgment ?

These Gentlemen have attended His Majesty from the Beginning of His IUness till this Minute, were about Him before He was ill, and are perfectly well acquainted with His Majesty, and are very intelligent Persons: — From these Circumstances I conclude that they are very competent Judges how far His Majesty’s present State deviates from His former.

Do you consider them as competent Judges of the Progress of His Recovery ?

Yes.

Whether or not Dr. Warren has understood from Dr.

Willis, or others, that His Majesty has been in a rational State ?

No.

Does Dr. Warren know, whether the Majority of those who, at His Majesty’s Time of Life, have been afflicted with the Disorder His Majesty labours under, have recovered ?

I have been making an Enquiry lately, in order to satisfy my own Curiosity respecting this Question; and I believe it will be still Two Days before I can give a satisfactory Answer.

Where are you making that Enquiry ?

By examining the Books of Bethlehem

What CircUmftaricefi, in your Judgment, would constitute a Cessation of His Majesty’s Complaint, as con-tra-distinguished from a Cure ?

My Rule of judging whether a Person in this Situation is recovering, is as follows: — If the Patient recovers his Reason, or becomes himself again, only for an Hour, I pronounce that the Complaint has ceased, and that he is mending; if the next Day, or any ftiort Time afterwards, the Interval becomes Two Hours, I pronounce him better; if the Interval becomes longer and longer, I pronounce him advancing in his Cure.

What Circumstances, in Dr. Judgment, form

a Cure ?

The Patient remaining perfectly himself, without any Return of his former Complaint.

If the Patient appeared to be perfectly himself for a smaller Term than an Hour, would Dr con-

fider him in a State of Amendment ?

Certainly I Should, if the State of the Patient during that Time could be accurately ascertained.

Whether those Circumstances, which in your Judgment would form a Cessation of His Majesty’s Complaint, ought to be considered, in your Judgment, as Signs of Convalescence ?

Certainly.

Whether the Gentlemen you have named, namely, the Physicians, Apothecaries, and Surgeons, are Persons who, in your Judgment, have made this Branch of Physick their particular Study ?

I do not know that they have.

Withdrew.

v

Doctor Warren called in again, and desires to add' to his Answer to the last Question but Two, these Words — " But if the Interval does not " increase, no Stress mull be laid upon it at all."

If a Patient in His Majesty’s Disorder did not soon recover under Dr. Warren'sCare (Dr. Warren receiving his Information, as to the Facts of his Patient’s Cafe, from Gentlemen whom he did not know to have made this Branch of Medicine their particular Study) would not Dr. Warren think it his Duty to

call in Persons whom he did know to have made this Branch of Medicine their particular Study ?

No, not on that Account. Dr. , and all

other Physicians, are obliged to receive their Accounts of Fasta from Nurses, and other unfcientific Persons; and if they are People of common Sense, they are able to give a very good Account of Fasts; from the Fasts, as related by them, the Physician must form his Judgment, assisted by the Knowledge which he acquires by visiting and examining the Patient himself.

Whether, in point of Fast, where Persons in the Disorder under which His Majesty labours have not soon recovered under Dr. Warren's foie Care, he has not always, or generally, called in Persons who made this Branch of Medicine their particular Study i

Yes, if the Patients could afford it.

Whether, in Cafes where the Patients could afford it. Dr. Warren has not oftener left the Patients to the Care of Persons who have made this Branch of Medicine their particular Study, than he has attended in Conjunction or Consultation with such Persons, if they have not soon recovered under his foie Care ?

Yes, oftener.

Whether, as Dr. Warren has answered the last Question affirmatively, he has not been determined so to act, by-a Conviction that, where the Circumstances of a Patient would admit of that Mode of Treatment, that such Mode of Treatment was the belt which his Conscientious Judgment could dictate ?

This Mode of Treatment has often arisen from Ne-cefllty, as it was requisite, for the Good of the Patient, that he Should be removed to a Distance from Town, where it was impossible for Dr. Warren to attend with Regularity, consistent with his usual Business: This Re-r moval was necessary for the Sake of Quiet, and other Conveniences, which the Patient could not have in Town; sometimes from the Necessity of Coercion, which Dr. Warren has no Means of applying; sometimes for the Sake of particular Nurses and Keepers, which Dr. Warren does not furnish; and from that Diffidence' which Dr. Warren ought always to have in himself when his Patients do not recover as soon as can reasonably be expected.

Has that Diffidence led Dr. Warren to place Patients, who have not soon recovered, under the Care of Persons who have made this Branch of Medicine their particular Study >

Sometimes.

Does Dr. Warren mean to say, that Persons who have made this Branch of Medicine their particular Study, and who follow that Branch of Medicine principally, are not better Judges of the Disorder, but have only better Conveniences for the Management of Persons labouring under it, than Physicians who practise Medicine generally, without particular Application to this Branch of it ?

Provided their Parts and intellectual Powers are equal to their Business, they will become more expect in the curing of this Complaint than other Physicians; otherwise they will deserve no Preference but for the Conveniences they provide for their Patients.

Whether the same would not be the same with Physicians who have not made that Branch of Medicine their particular Study, if their Parts and intellectual Powers are not equal to their Business ?

Certainly.

Whether, if Nine Persons out of Ten, placed under the Care of a Person who had made this Branch of Medicine his particular Study, had recovered, if they were placed under his Care within Three Months after they had begun to be afflicted with the Difordcf,.

6 Dr.

zp Geo. III. 1 x* Januar53

Dr. Warren would hot deem such Person either very (kilful or very successful ?

If he was a sensible Man I Should deem him (kilful, if he was not, I Should deem him successful.

Whether Dr. Warren has not understood from Sir Lucas Pepys, that since his former Examination, he thinks His Majesty more likely to recover, than he did at the Time of rhAt Examination ?

There was one Evening, less than a Fortnight since, that Sir Lucas Pepys said, he observed that His Majesty talked more like a reasonable Man; but this Appearance was so totally gone a few Hours afterwards, that I had no Doubt of its being a Misapprehension in Sir Lucas, arising from his Zeal.

Has Dr. Warren any Reason to believe, that Sir Lucas Pepys is still under what Dr. Warren calls a Misapprehension in this Respect ?

I do not know what Sir Lucas now thinks of his Opinion of that Night j but his Opinion Yesterday, when we were together at Kew, was, that His Majesty was no better.

Has Dr. Warren communicated to Sir Lucas Pepys his Reasons for thinking the Opinion of Sir Lucas Pepys a Misapprehension ?

I do not know whether I gave him Any formal Reaions on the Subject, but I know that I expressed my Doubts about it.

Whether Dr. Warren has not understood from Dr. Willis, that he was more confirmed lately, in his Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery, than he was at the Time of his former Examination before the Committee ?

Dr. Willis spoke very sanguinely of a speedy Cure, soon after the Time of his former Examination; he has held the same Language ever since, but spoke in stronger Terms of Amendment being actually obtained last Week, than at any-other Time.

Has Dr. Warren ever heard from Mf. Hawkins, Mr. Keate, Mr ,_Dundas, and Mr. that His Majesty is in a State of actual Amendment as to IntelleC!; and that the Probability of His Recovery is greater now than at the Time Dr. Warren was last examined ?

No.

Has Dr. Warren understood, on the contrary, from any or all of these Gentlemen, that His Majesty is not in an actual State of Amendment as to Intellect; and that the Probability of His Recovery is not greater now than at the Time Dr. Warren was last examined ?

.From some of them I have heard that His Majesty is not in a State of Amendment; but 1 have not talked to them upon the Probability of Cure, my Discourse with them being chiefly confined to Fads.

Has Dr. Warren ever heard from any of these Gentlemen, that there has at any Time been any Return of Reason in His Majesty since the Commencement of His Disorder ?

No.

Has Dr. Warren known any Instance of any Physician, or other Person attending on His Majesty, fending any written Account of His Majesty’s Situation, dating His Majesty to have been in a cairn and mended State, at a Time when he (Dr. Wa) had Reason to know that His Majesty’s Situation and State were the Reverse ?

Dr. Willis has written Letters to the Prince of Wales, expressing His Majesty to be much better than I apprehended His Majesty to be at that Time, declaring Progress in Cure that I could not discover.

Has Dr. Warren had any Discourse, or Difference of Opinion, with Dr. Willis, respecting any other Letter, of the same Description, to any other Person ?

Vol. XLIV.

I was informed that Dr. Willis wrote such a Letter, at Twelve o’Clock at Night, the Day of the Debate in the House of Commons -, I spoke to Dr. Willis on the Subject of this Letter the next Morning, and told him that he did wrong to write such an Account, when it was not true: I afterwards enquired, and could not find that the Doctor had written such a Letter, and told him that I had done him an Injury in charging him with it, as I could not prove it.

Does Dr. Warren recoiled! to whom that Letter was supposed to be written ?

The Report was, that it was written to Mr. Pitt.

Does Dr. Warren recoiled! from whom he received that Information ?

There was a Report current throughout the Town that Mr. Pitt had read such a Letter at White's, at Five o’Clock in the Morning.

Does Dr. Warren recoiled! only the current Report, but not any particular Person from whom he heard it ?

Indeed I cannot recoiled! any particular Person.

Does Dr. Warren recoiled! what was dated to be the Substance of that supposed Letter ?

In general Terms, that His Majesty was greatly better, and was likely to be speedily well.

Does Dr. Warren recoiled! in what Terms he dated to Dr. Willis his Disapprobation of his writing such a Letter, or the Substance of them ?

That, as His Majesty was remarkably bad, and vinder Coercion that Nighc, he , could consider it only as a Political Letter, which he thought wrong from a Physician.

When did Dr. Warren tell Dr. ,that he had done him an Injury in charging him with having written such a Letter ?

Tp the bed of my Recollediion, it was the next Time of my going to Kew after I had charged him with writing it, which, if so, must have been the Second Day after the Charge.

Had Dr. Warren then had an Opportunity of seeing the original Letters written to Mr. on the Day of the Debate to which he alluded, and on the following Day ?

I had seen a Letter, written, as I 'thought, by Dr. Willis's Son, dated at Half an Hour after Five in the Afternoon of the Day of the Debate — I do not know whether I saw a Letter written the Day after or not. — I believe I might have done so if I pleased.

Whether the Letter which Dr. Warren did fee, did contain a just Description of His Majesty’s Situation, according to Dr. Warren's Opinion ?

When I came to Kew the Morning following, I was informed by Dr. Willis that His Majesty had had a violent Paroxysm that Night, which came on at Seven o’Clock the Evening preceding; but how His Majesty exactly was at Half an Hour after Five, I do not know.

Whether the Letter, dated at Half an Hour after Five, gave a favourable Account of His Majesty I

To the bed of my Recollection it contained a favourable Account.

Whether Dr. Warren had any Information given him of the Time when this Letter was received ?

I don't remember that I had.

Did Dr. Warren understand, from any of the other Attendants on His Majesty, that His Majesty had been, in any Part of that Day, in a particular amended State ?

No.

P Did

Did Dr. Willis make any Reply, when Dr. Warren told him he had done wrong to write such a Letter, when it was not true ?

Dr. Willis,by his Behaviour, appeared to me at that

Time to own it.

Why Dr. Warren thought it necessary to acknowledge afterwards to Dr. Willis that he had done him an Injury ?

Because Dr. Willis complained that I had charged him with a Fast that was not true. — I made all the Enquiry I could to find out the Truth, and discovered that a Letter had been written at Half an Hour after Five, but could not discovef that a Letter had been written at Twelve at Night, and consequently concluded that there had been an Error with respect to the Time; and therefore that I had done him wrong in charging him with writing it at Twelve, and took the first Opportunity of retrafting what 1 had said.

What Enquiry did Dr. Warren make, in order to find out the Truth ?

The Lord Chancellor informed me of Dr. Willis's Complaint, and said he would write to Mr. Pitt for all the Letters he had received from Dr. Willis on that Day; Mr. Pitt sent them, and the Chancellor shewed them to me.

Did Dr. Warren fee Mr. Pitt’s Answer to the Chancellor ?

Yes.

Does Dr. Warren underfLnd, upon Recollection* that the Circumstances which satisfied him that the Letter had not been written as supposed, were produced in Consequence of his Enquiry, or of an Enquiry made in his Name, or in Consequence of Dr. Willis’s Representation on his Uneasiness upon what had paSTed with Dr. Warren ?

I suppose the Letters were produced in Consequence of my W ilh to ascertain the Truth.

When Complaint was made to Dr. Warren, on the Part of Dr. // illis,did Dr. Warren make any Enquiry into the Truth of the Fast of those Persons from whom he received the Information that such Fast exited ?

The Chancellor said, the only Way to find the Truth, was to send to Mr. Pitt for the Letters. — I do not know of whom I received the Information.

Whether Dr. ICarren ever saw any Paper, purporting to be a Copy of this Letter supposed to be written at Twelve o’clock at Night; and if he did, by whom the same was Shewn to him ?

I don't recoiled that I ever saw a Paper, purporting ^0 be a Copy of it.

Can Dr. Warren take upon himself to say, that he never did fee any Paper, purporting to be a Copy of the Letter supposed to be written at Twelve o’Clock at Night ? 1

No; I do not recoiled that I did.

Did Dr. Warren ever hear any Person, whose Name he could mention, say that he had a Copy of a Letter supposed to be written by Dr. Willis to Mr. , at Twelve o’Clock that Night I

No.

j

Dr. Warren having said, that a Letter of Dr. Willis's to the Prince of Wales contained a more favourable Account than he thought His Majesty’s Situation jollified, does Dr. Warren mean to say, that such Letter contained a more favourable Account than Dr. Willis believed to be true ?

It is impossible for me to say what Dr. Willis believes.

Dr. Warren having said, that in a same where Nine out of Ten Patients placed under the Care of a Physician, who has applied himself to a particular Branch of Medicine, within Three Months from the Commencement of their Disorder, have been cured, he Should deem such Physician Skilful, if he was a sensible Man, and if not, should think him only successful; whether, if such Success had attended that Physician’s Practice for Twenty-eight Years, he Should aferibe it to good Fortune only ?

There is no other Way of judging but by Success; yet it does not follow, that that Judgment is right; it can never be supposed, that an ignorant Man has Knowledge, or that a Man who has no Rule to go by can aft' systematically, be his Success what it will.

Whether, in order to induce Dr. Warren to believe that, for Twenty-seven Years, Nine Persons out of Ten had been cured, he would not require some other Evidence than the Assertions of the Man pretending to have performed such Cures ?

I certainly Should.

Whether there has been any direct or indirect Attempt made by any of the Physicians, at any Time, to controul or influence you with respect to the Account to be given of His Majesty’s Situation I

Dr. Willis, on Friday last, made a very unwarrantable Use of the Name of a Great Person; I call it unwarrantable, because I cannot believe that he could have Authority to ule it to influence me, while the Report to be sent to St. James's was composing.

Will Dr. Warren relate the Circumstances of that Tranfaction ?

The Report proposed to be sent was written thus: — *% His Majesty paSTed Yesterday quietly, has had a very good Night, and is calm this Morning." Dr. Willis desired that some ExpreSTion might be made use of, indicating that His Majesty was advanced Since the Day before in His ure; I objected to this, because I had ample Reason, from my Conversation with His Majesty, and from the Information which I had received from Mr. Charles Hawkins, to think the contrary true — Dr. Willis then said, " a certain Great Person will not " suffer it to go so, and it will fall upon you."

Are you sure you are correct in those Words ?

I believe I am; I took the Words down as soon as I came Home — Dr. Reynolds was present when the Words were Spoken. — I made no Observation to Dr. Willis on those Words; but, after talking with him a little more on the Subject of His Majesty, composed, together with Dr. Reynolds, the following Report" His Majesty paSTed YeSlerday much in the same Manner as " He did the Day before; has had a very good Night; and is this Morning as He was Yesterday." Dr. Reynolds, Dr. Willis, and Dr. Warren, Signed this Report; it was sent up Stairs, and was returned, with an Order to change the Words, as He was Yesterday," into " continues to mend." — Dr. Warren delired the Honour of an Audience; and, upon Slating his Reasons why no Amendment had taken Place, the Words, " continues to mend," were given up; and the Sentence, " is this Morning in a comfortable Way," was substituted in their Place.

When Dr. Willis used these ExpreSTions, " a certain *e Great Person will not suffer it to go so, and it will fall upon you;" whether Dr. Warren understood those Words to convey to him, that a Perseverance in his Opinion would draw upon him the Displeasure of the Great Person alluded to ?

I was clear that Dr. Willis meant I should think

so.

Whether the Fear of the Displeasure of that Great Person would, or would not, be a powerful Motive of

4 Action

Action with Dr. Warren, in any same where his Conference and Honour did not prevent him paying Attention to such a Motive ?

It most certainly would.

Were the Words Dr. W flared to have been given up, given up immediately after his dating his Objections ?

After I had dated my Objections, and supported them with several Arguments, the Words were given up; and upon my saying, " That though His Majesty was " not mended lincc Yesterday, yet that He was in a " comfortable Way this Morning, which I hoped tended to a Cure," the Word "comfortable" was immediately adopted.

Whether, upon Dr. Warren'dating, that he objected

to those Words, they were immediately given up? or, Whether there was any Inclination diewn to induce Dr. Warren to sign the altered Report, after he had dated that he objected to the Alteration ?

There was no Inclination shewn to give up the Words, till the Word " comfortable" had been uled.

Qnedion repeated.

After my Arguments had been repeated, and seemed to be underdood, and I had added, that I had received Information from One of His Majesty’s Attendants, of the State of His Majesty’s Health that Morning, the Words were given up.

Whether there was any Period, after the Witness had declared that he objected to the Alteration, in which an Inclination was shewn to induce him to sign it ?

Till I was completely underfiood.

Does the Witness mean, by being completely understood, till it was underdood that he objected, or till the Arguments upon which he founded his Objections were completely underdood ?

Till the Arguments upon which I founded my Objections were completely underdood.

Is the Committee to underdand, then, that, during that Period in which it was underdood that Dr. objected, but the Arguments upon which he objcCted were not underdood, an Inclination was dill diewn to induce him to sign the altered Report ?

The Great Person seemed to be I'o drongly persuaded that there was a real Amendment that Morning, that it was necessary to produce several Arguments to convince that Person of the contrary; until that Conviction was obtained, there appeared an Expectation that I Should adopt the Words continues to mend."

Is the Committee to underdand, that that Expectation continued to appear after Dr. Warren had dated, that he objected to the Alteration ?

In the Interval after dating that I objected, and before the Arguments had been dated, that Expectation appeared to concinue.

Whether Dr. Warren did, or did not, peremptorily refuse to sign the altered Report ?

No; — that Great Person adopted the Word " comfortable," and I immediately retired to put it into the Report.

Whether, subsequently to this Audience, any Thing paded relative to this Tranlaction ?

Yes; — Lady liar court, and Lady Charlotte,

followed me down Stairs, and inquired of me, who the Person was from whom I had my Information relative to His Majesty’s Health that Morning? I answered, from Mr. Charles Hawkins. When Mr. Charles Hawkins appeared, he was asked by the Two Ladies what he had laid to me that Morning respecting His Majesty’s Health ? He gave them an Account, and they retired. The next Time that I wont down to Ke I was treated with Marks of Attention and Respect that I had not received for ibme Time before.

What was the Line of Argument employed by Dr.

Warren, in order to convince the Great Person of whom he has spoken, that in the King’s Situation that Morning the re was no real Amendment ?

Fird of all I mentioned the Rule by which I judged of the Health of Perfor.s in His Majesty’s Situation, and which I have given in the former Part of this Examination. I then drew an Argument from the Conversation I had had with His Majesty, without mentioning the Particulars of it. I then observed His Majesty had often been in the same State without its remaining many Hours (which turned out to be the same on that Day.) I then brought another Argument from the Information I had received from Mr. Hawkins.

Withdrew.

Jovis,8® die 'Januarii 1789.

Sir Lucas Pefys again called in, and examined.

Did Sir Lucas Pepys ever endeavour to induce Dr. Willis to sign any Report sent to St. , re-

specling the King’s Health, which Report Dr. Willis affirmed to be contrary to the true State of the King’s Situation ?

The only Conversation which appeared at all like Altercation, respecYing the Account sent to St. f,

was, Whether the Words " very good Night," indead of " good Night," should be put in.

Did you ever tell Dr. Willis that it was usual for Physicians to sign their Names to Statements of Facts, which they are not sure are true and correct, for the Sake of Agreement ?

Certainly never; — but upon such Trifles as above mentioned, I dated that it was the usual Cudom, when Two one of Three were of the same Opinion, for the Third to acquiefoe.

Does Sir Lucas Pefys mean, that that Opinion of his was confined to such Trifles as related to the wording of nearly the same Opinion ?

At that Time it related merely to those Words; and though I underdand Differences of Opinion have arisen about wording the Account sent to St. yet

when I have been present none have arisen.

Did Sir Lucas Pcfys ever inform Dr. , that the Opinion or Medical Judgment, connected with any Statement of Fact of One Physician, Should give Way to the other Two, and that he was surprized that Dr. V/illis Should hefltate about it ?

Unless the Word " very "above mentioned may be considered as connected with a Medical Ea&, I know of no other Conversation upon the Subject.

Did Sir Lucas Pefys on that Occasion employ any vehement Persuasion, so as to bring on Words or Altercation with Dr. Willis, so as to induce Dr. to sign

such Reports against his Judgment, in order to avoid such Altercation ?

I was writing during the whole Time; and so far from using vehement W'ords, 1 advised him, in the quieted Manner, to avoid all Altercation about Trifles; and, though Sir George Baker and 1 were Two Opinions against One, finding Dr. w'as anxious to

retain the Word " very," Sir George Baker gave up the Point, and the Report went as Dr. Willis had aefired it.

Whether Sir l.ucas Pefys does not hold himself responsible in his Character to the Public, for the Truth of the Report sent to St. , to which he signs

his Name ?

Certainly not for the whole Truth; as we considered it as unnecessary to wound the Feelings of Her Majesty and the red of the Family, by saying more than was absolutely necessary.

Whether you do not hold yourself bound to let your

Name

Name to no Account which contains any Thing which ' you think not true ?

I certainly do.

Whether, if Sir Lucas Pepys happened to be of Opinion, upon any Morning, that the Words " continues " to mend," would be an apt Description of His Majesty’s Cafe, and Dr. Warren and Sir George Baker should think the Words " His Majesty is in a comfortable Way" more proper, intimating at the same Time, that they hoped that that had a Tendency to a Cure, Sir Lucas Pepys would think he acted unwarrantably in giving up the Words " continues to mend," and agreeing to the Words used by the other Two Physicians, namely, " His Majesty is in a comfortable Way," those Words being so explained as to their Tendency ?

It is impossible that those Words, " comfortable Way," and, " continues to mend," could have the same Tendency, and be of the same Import.

Whether, if Dr. Warren had used rhofe Words, ‘‘ His Majesty is in a comfortable Way this Morning, *c which I hope tends to a Cure," Sir Lucas Pepys would have thought he acted unwarrantably in using those Words in Conjunction with the other Physicians, fb explaining in Fadt their Sense of them ?

1 should have thought I had acted unwarrantably in signing my Name to such an Explanation, which could never be an Explanation of " continues to mend."

Was Sir Lucas Pepys of Opinion, the Day before Yesterday, that he ought to have no better Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery than he had when he was formerly examined here ?

I stated Ytfterday, that the Hopes of Recovery must be (hill on the same Ground upon which I had stated them to be at the former Examination; for, though I saw occasionally Abatement of Symptoms, I saw no Symptoms of approaching Convalescence.

Does Sir Lucas Pepys continue to think this Morning as he did Yesterday, that, all the Circumstances of H is Majesty’s same being duly attended to, he can conclude with more Certainty that His Majesty will recover, than he could when he was examined before the former Committee ?

Though the Hopes of Recovery must have been the fame, yet, from the Consideration of the Abatement of Symptoms, I continue in the Opinion that I was Yesterday, that I can speak with more Certainty of the Prospect of His Majesty’s Recovery.

Whether, if there has been any Error or Imperfection in the Accounts sent to , Sir Lucas

Pepys conceives it to have confided in representing His Majesty’s State to be worse than it is ?

Directly the contrary. — I have always endeavoured to represent His Majesty’s Situation in the most favourable Light.

Whether Sir Lucas Pepys considers it to be his Duty to take Care, as far as depends on him, that the Report sent to St. James's shall convey such an Account as may not tend to millcad the Public, respecting the State of His Majesty’s Health ?

Till after the Examination before the Privy Council, every Account was purposely framed to give the Public no Sort of Information of His Majesty’s Situation. Since that Period, we have endeavoured, as much as possible, to represent His Majesty’s Situation as favourably as possible, confident with Truth, though without mentioning particular Circumstances.

W hether, under any Explanation of the Words continues to mend," Sir Lucas Pepys would think himself warranted to sign a Report containing those Words, if he was not convinced, either by his own Observation,

or the Information of others, that there had been previous Signs of Amendment as leading to Convalescence ?

Nothing could induce me to sign the Words " con-c< tinues to mend," unless I had from my own Observation discovered evident Signs of gradual Approaches to Convalescence, under any Explanation whatsoever.

When Sir Lucas Pepys said there was an Endeavour to represent the King’s Situation in a favourable Light, did he speak of the Reports signed by the other Physicians, or more particularly of those signed by himself?

I am satisfied, from repeated Conversations on the Subject, that the rest of the Physicians concurred with me in always endeavouring to give the most favourable Account.

Whether you know when the Order mentioned by you Yesterday, that no Person Should be admitted without the Leave of Dr. Willis, was first made ?

I cannot justly say whether it was Five, Six, or Sevetl Days ago, but somewhere thereabouts. As far as I can recoiled, it must have been on Friday last — I never saw . it till I was down the Time before last — it was when I came down at Four o’Clock on Friday.

Do you recoiled the Terms of the Order ?

The Purport of it is, that it is ordered that no Person shall go into His Majesty’s Apartment without the Leave of one of the Dr. Willis's.

Whether, to your Knowledge, any improper Persons, either by Means of the Physicians, or of others, had obtained Admission into His Majesty’s Apartment, to make the issuing such an Order necessary ?

I know of no Person having been admitted into His Majesty’s Apartment, except those who are in usual Attendance upon Him, unless Dr. Willis's Son, the Clergyman, may be considered as such.

Is that Son a Physician ?

No.

Whether you have not observed that Patients under this Malady may enjoy a State of considerable Bodily Health, the free Uie of all their Bodily Organs, and of all the Bodily Fundions, and yet still labour under a mental Distemper I ' Undoubtedly.

Whether in this Malady there may not be a temporary and partial Use of Understanding, when at the same Time the general mental Faculties continue much deranged ?

Certainly.

Whether or no the Persons who are used to the Dif-cipline employed in this Malady, and to the Means of Coercion, are not known to obtain a considerable Dominion over the Persons under their Care ?

Certainly.

Whether you have not observed, that the favourable Circumstances which occur in one Day, have frequently been overturned in the next (

Continually.

Withdrew.

Sir George Baker called in, and examined.

Whether, in his Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health does, or does not, continue to be such as to render His Majesty incapable, either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

Certainly.

What Hopes does Sir George Baker now entertain of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

My Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery stand upon the same Grounds they did when I was here last.

Can Sir George Baker now form any Judgment, or

probable

*9 Geo. III.

i 30 Januarii.

probable Conjecture, of the Time that His Majesty’s Disease is likely to last ?

I can form no Judgment, of probable Conjecture, with respect to the Continuance of the Disease.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, Sir George Baker fees any present Signs of Convalescence?

None.

Can you inform the Committee, whether a Majority of Persons, who have been afflicted with this Malady at His Majesty’s Time of Life, have recovered ?

1 can only ani'wer that by Conjecture) I believe not;

Does Sir George Baker (all the Circumstances of His Majesty’s Cafe, which have fallen within his Observation, being duly attended to) think the Chance of His Majesty’s Recovery greater, or less, than it was at the Time he was examined before the former Committee, or equal to what it was, in his Judgment, at that Time ?

In my Judgment it is precisely the fame.

Whether you consider the Continuation of the Malady Four Weeks longer, without any Signs of Convalescence, as making any Difference with respect to the Chance of Recovery ?

My Experience leads me to answer, that it makes no Difference.

Do you not hold yourself responfible in your Character to the Public for the Truth of the Reports sent to St. James's, to which you sign your Name ?

I have never signed my Name to any Thing that 1 had not thought true, or very near true: We have always taken it in the most favourable Light.

Would any Argument or Motive have induced you to sign your Name to A less favourable Account of His Majesty’s Situation than, in your own Conviction and Conscience, you thought the Fad was ?

Certainly not.

Did you ever endeavour to induce Dr. Willis to sign any Account of His Majesty’s Health, which he (Dr. Willis) declared not to be correct, or fufHciently favourable, according to Dr. Willis's Opinion ?

Never.

4

Did Sir George Baker ever inform Dr. Willis that it was usual for Physicians to sign their Names to Statements of Facts, which they were not sure were true and correct, for the Sake of Agreement ?

Never. — I suppose I know what that alludes to.

To what does that allude ?

It alludes to this: — One Morning, when the Report was to be sent to St. James's, His Majesty was reported to have slept Four or Five Hours I think — Dr. Willis infilled that the Report Should run " His Majesty has had a very good Night." — Sir Lucas , who was there, and myself, said that we were very willing to say ic was a good Night. — Dr. Willis peremptorily infilled that it Should be written " a very good Nightother-ways he would not sign it. — I said to Dr. upon

that Occasion, I never knew an Instance, before the resent, when, in Matters of no Importance, One Phy-cian did not yield to Two; however I will have no Dispute with you, I will allow it to be a very good Night.

Then you confine your Opinion, that One Physician Should yield to Two in Matters of little or no Importance ?

I do.

On whose Report and Authority did you form your Judgment, with respect to the Manner in which His Majesty had passed the Night ?

On the Report and Authority of the Pa^es, the Medical Attendant, and Dr. Willis.

Whether Sir Georg* Baker does not conceive, that if Vol. XLIV.

the Fact of the Manner in which His Majesty passed that Night was disputed, the Medical Attendant, and others, from whom Sir George Baker teceived his Information, would be the Persons who could give the most correct Account of that Fact to this Committee ?

Certainly.

Do you recollect whether the Medical Attendant, dr other Persons attending, or any of them, said that His Majesty did pass a very good Night ?

I really cannot recollect — there is so little Difference between a good Night, and a very good Night, that I did not think it worth charging my Memory.

Sir George Baker then cannot say, upon Recollection, that they did not say that His Majesty had passed a very good Night ?

I do recoiled that Dr. Willis's Son did state, that it was a very good Night; — as to the others, I cannot recoiled.

Did Dr. Willis’s Son fit up with His Majesty ?

I really do not know;

Is it usual for His Majesty to be attended by Dr. lis's Son through the Night?

No.

Does Sir George Baker conceive, if the Medical Attendant, and the other Persons whom Sir George Baker understood actually to have attended His Majesty through the Night, had reported to him, that His Majesty had had a very good Night, that he Should have hclitated to have so stated it in the Account ?

I mult observe, that the Medical Attendants do not fit up with His Majesty, so that our Report depends upon the Pages and Dr. Willis's Men.

Whether the Medical Attendants are Persons who could give the most correct Information to this Committee, of the Fact how His Majesty passed the Night?

Certainly, if the Medical Attendant did not fit up, he could not.

Whether you do not think that those Four Medical Attendants on His Majesty are capable of giving Information, respecting His Majesty’s Situation, worthy the Attention of this Committee, in addition to the Information they receive from His Majesty’s Physicians ?

The Four Medical Attendants are very sensible Men; each of them flays in the House Twenty-four Hours in his Turn; and I think each of them capable of giving this Committee Satisfaction with respect to any Quel-tiens thCy may ask.

Whether those Gentlemen have not frequent Access to His Majesty when the Physicians are not present ? They have.

Whether they do not examine into the State and Manner in which His Majesty passed the Night, previous to the Arrival of the Physicians ?

They used to do so till lately.

How long have they ceased to do so, and upon what Account ?

I think it was last Saturday Morning, that I saw a Paper stuck up over the Chimney of the Pages Room, with an Order to this Effect; " No One, except the " Pages, is allowed to go to His Majesty, except introduced by One of the Two Dr. Willis’s."

When was you at Kew before that Time ?

That must be ’Thursday.

Was the Paper not there then ?

I did not fee or hear of it.

Does Sir George Baker conceive that he must have heard of it, if any such Order had been then issued ?

I conceive that I must have heard of it.

Does Sir George Baker know of any Ir\stances of im-

Q_ proper

proper Persons having been introduced to His Majesty’s Apartment, either by the Physicians or others, to cause the issuing of that Order ?

No.

By whose Authority was that Order ifltied ?

I asked Dr. Willis -, he said that he wrote it, without any further Answer.

Did Sir George Baker converse with any of the Medical Attendants respecting that Order, or understand from them that they were excluded by it from entering, as they were used to do, His Majesty’s Apartment, unless with the Permission of Dr. Willis or his Son ?

It was generally understood by the Physicians, that the Order was intended to exclude them and the Medical Attendants, unless introduced by Dr. Willis or his Son.

Did Sir George Baker hear, either from the Physicians, or from any of the Medical Attendants, any Reason assigned, as the probable Cause of that Order ?

No.

Was Sir George Baker at Kew on the Friday before that Saturday ?

No.

If there has been any Error or Imperfection in the Account sent to St. James's, does Sir George Baker conceive it to have consisted in representing His Majesty’s Situation, worse than it is ?

If there has been any Error or Imperfection, it has been in representing His Majesty’s State better than it is.

Is it usual, when a Patient is put under the Care of a Person who has made this particular Branch his Study, for that Person to be consulted respecting the Persons by whom the Patient is to be seen, or attended, and the Time ?

When I attend a Patient with Dr. Munro, he and I consult and settle the Times of Attendance — the Apothecary goes in without his Leave — and there is a certain Attendant or Two always with the Patient.

Whether the Physicians, or some of them, since this Order was made, have Daily seen His Majesty ?

Always, with Doctor Willis.

Whether, previous to the issuing of that Order, and since Dr. Willis has been attending His Majesty, Sir George Baker has not had frequent Opportunities of seeing and conversing with His Majesty, not in the Presence of Dr. Willis or his Son ?

When His Majesty first came from Windsor to Kew, I conceived that I was at Liberty to visit His Majesty at any Time; but afterwards I found it was disagreeable to Dr. Willis that I Should go in without him, and therefore I have of late very seldom, if ever, visited His Majesty but in Company with Dr. Willis.

Whether Sir George Baker thinks he can form as accurate a Judgment of the actual State of His Majesty, from conversing with His Majesty in the Presence of Dr. Willis or his Son, as when allowed to converse with His Majesty as he had used to do ?

In my Opinion, it makes very little Difference.

Whether, by Dr. Willis's Advice, a Course of Medicine has been prescribed to the King, different from that which had been previously used, or would have been otherwise recommended by His Majesty’s Physicians ?

No Medicine has been given the King, since Dr. Willis's Arrival, but with the Consent of the other Physicians.

Question repeated.

I believe there was one Pill of Calomel given to the King by Dr. Willis’s Desire, but I know of no other.

Whether that had the desired Effect in promoting His Majesty’s Convalescence ?

It had the common Effect of Purges, and no other.

Whether, before Dr. Willis's Arrival, the peculiar Mode of Coercion and Management, which has been since used, had been employed in the same Way, or in an equal Degree ?

Neither in the same Way, nor in an equal-Degree.

> Have they produced that Effect towards the King’s Convalescence, which was not- experienced from the former Management ?

They have made His Majesty quieter, more manageable; but I am not sure that any Thing has been done by them towards Convalescence.

Is Sir George Baker sure, that it was on Saturday the 3d Instant, that he first saw the Order that no Person should be admitted into the King’s Apartment without the Leave of Dr. Willis or his Son ?

It is a Thing f would not take my Oath to, but I believe it to be so.

Did you then hear that any Dispute, or material Difference of Opinion, had taken Place on the preceding Day, between Dr. Willis and Dr. Warren ?

I had heard it before 1 saw the Paper, and that it happened on the Friday.

Did you understand that it was upon the Information received from some of the Medical Attendants, who had then Access to His Majesty’s Apartment, that Dr. Warren had in some Measure supported the Opinion he maintained ?

I certainly did.

_ Do you recollect that Mr. Charles Hawkins’s Authority had {been quoted by Dr. Warren, on that' Qc-casion ?

I heard that it had been quoted.

Does Sir George Baker conceive, that Dr. Warren, or himself, or any other Physician attending His Majesty, would now be deprived of the same Means of Information, respecting the State of His Majesty in their Absence, upon which Dr. Warren then formed, in Part, his Judgment, unless with the Permission or Consent of Dr. Willis or his Son I

If that Order, set up by Dr. , takes Place, it will not be in the Power of any of those Medical Gentlemen to give us any Information.

How long have you been employed as Physician to His Majesty I

Ever since the Death of Sir Richard Jebb — about a Year and a Half, I think.

Has Sir George Baker attended His Majesty on'y, or has he been employed in attending the Royal Family ?

Both His Majesty and all the Royal Family: I mean the Family at Windsor, and at Kew.

Is Sir George Baker now employed to attend on the Royal Family ?

Only the King — not the Royal Family.

Whether there has been any direct or indirect Attempt made, by any of the Physicians, at any Time, to controul or influence you with respect to the Account to be given of His Majesty’s Situation I

None.

Withdrew.

Doiftor

Doctor Henry Revell Reynolds, called in, and examined.

Whether, in his Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health does, or does not, continue to be such as to render His Majesty incapable, either of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

It does render him incapable, unquestionably.

What Hopes does Dr. Reynolds how entertain of His Majesty’s Recovery?

I think there are the same Hopes now that there were before; not less, certainly.

Can Dr. Reynolds now form any Judgment, or probable Conjecture, of the Time that His Majesty’s 111-ness is likely to 1 aft ?

No, I cannot.

Whether, in His Majesty’s Disorder, Dr. Reynolds fees any present Signs of Convalfcfcence ?

H is Majesty is more quiet, more observant of the Admonition of his Medical Attendants, in perhaps a still better State of general Health, which are favourable Circumstances, and which, I hope, lead to Amendment; but I cannot say that there is any actual Amendment at present in His Majesty’s principal Complaint.

Whether, in Dr. Reynolds's Judgment, the Chance of His Majesty’s Recovery (all Circumstances that have fallen within his Observation being duly attended to) is greater, or less, than it was at the Time Dr. Reynolds was examined before the former Committte ? or. Whether, in his Judgment, the Chance of His Majesty’s Recovery is as good as it then was ?

The Chance of His Majesty’s Recovery is certainly as good now as it was then, in my Opinion.

Does Dr. Reynolds conceive that the Duration of His Majesty’s Illness up to this Time (all Circumstances of His Majesty’s same being duly attended to) does, or does not, decrease the Chance of His Majesty’s Recovery ? f

The Duration hitherto certainly does not militate against His Majesty’s Recovery; few recover so soon from such Maladies.

Whether, from Dr. Reynolds's Observation, His Majesty does, or does not, appear to be more easily controuled now than He was a Fortnight ago, under the same Species of Care and Management ?

I think His Majesty is more easily controuled.

In the Judgment of Dr. , and according tp

his Observations in Cafes of this Kind, is the Circumstance that a Patient is more easily controuled, a favourable Circumstance towards his Recovery ?

It is frequently a previous Step to it.

Whether it is usual, in Cafes such as His Majesty’s, for Physicians, who have not made such Cases their particular Study, to call in the Assistance of Physicians who have made those Cafes the Subject of their particular Attention ?

That depends very much upon the particular Circumstances of the Patient in many Respects; in the First Place, the pecuniary Circumstances of the Patient influence you in proposing a Consultation with another Physician: In the next Place,' it will depend upon the Symptoms of the particular Patient; if no Restraint or Coercion is necessary, from the particular Circumstances of the Cafe, every Physician of Experience will, I have no Doubt, think himself competent to conduit a Patient in such a Cafe; I mean at the same Time to be understood, that in that Cafe, as in every other, no liberal Man wiil have any Objection to a Consultation if called for.

If, in this Disorder, Restraint and Coercion does become necessary, whether Physicians of general Prac-

tice do not usually call in the Assistance of Physicians who have made this Branch of Medicine their particular Study ?

It is usual, and for these Reasons kmongst others — that Gentlemen, who have dedicated themselves to that particular Object of Practice, have usually Houses of Reception for Patients so circumstanced, which they superintend; from them therefore proper Assistance can be procured; and as it is necessary to avoid aft Causes of Emotion in such Patients, it may be proper to remove those Patients from their own Families, that the Objects, which are most apt to excite those Emotions, may be kept from them.

Dr. Reynolds fays, that it is usual for these Reasons amongst others; What are those other Reasons ?

I can’t recollect all those Reasons immediately; some of them are, perhaps. Points of Etiquette. We Should be glad to have the Benefit of the Experience of such Physicians in Cafes of this Kind.

Whether such Physicians, who have made this Branch of Medicine their particular Study, do not, from their constant Opportunities of making Observations upon the Cafes of Persons so disordered* acquire the Habit of judging better upon the Probability of the Recovery of Patients, than other Physicians who have not made that Branch of Medicine their particular Study, and who have not {he same constant Opportunities of making the like Obfetva-tiens ?

That must in a great Measure depend upon their relative Capability of observing, and upon their FiA delity in recording what they observed; those being equal, the greatest Experience must have the Preference.

Would Dr. Reynolds think a Person, who has made this Branch of Medicine his particular Study for Twenty-eight Years, and under whose Care Nine out of Ten of the Persons who have been put under that Care within Three Months after they had begun to be afflicted with that Disorder had recovered, a Person lkilful in such Cases ?

Yes, if I could believe the Fast.

Whether/to induce Dr. Reynolds to believe such a Fast, he would not require some further Evidence than the Afiertion of the Person who stated himself to have been so successful ?

I certainly Should require further Evidence than the Afiertion of any Man, to induce me to believe such a Fact.

Does Dr. Reynolds consider an Afiertion made before this Committee, though not upon Oath, as made under an Obligation, on the Part of the Person making it, to speak the Truth, equal to an Afiertion made upon Oath ?

I consider myself under the same Obligation.

If a Physician of long Experience asserted, that he had from Eight to Ten Patients usually at a Time, for Five Years together, in a House,' and never had more than Four Patients who were not cured within the Year, and continued well as far as he ever knew; and that, if any of those Persons had relapsed, lie believed, from the partial Opinion of their Families, he Should have heard of it; he would require further Evidence of the Truth of that Fatt ?

I Should not be satisfied without further Evidence than Afiertion, though I do not mean to impeach the Credibility of any one.

Whether, in Dr. Reynolds's Opinion, His Majesty’s Bodily Strength has increased, or declined, during the last Month ?

H is Majesty’s Bodily Strength certainly has not declined; I am not competent to judge of any Increase

§ of

bf it, for it is not put tb any Exeftiort; He appears to be alert and active.

Whether Dr. Reynolds' thinks His Majesty’s Bodily Health thriving or declining ?

I think His Majesty’s general Health is improved within the last Month.

4

Whether Dr. Reynolds now entertains Hopes of His Majesty’s more speedy Recovery from His present Malady, than when he was last examined ?

It is impossible to ascertain the Time, I cannot venture even to hazard a Conjecture.

Whether, after it has become necessary to resort to that particular Mode of Coercion applied by Persons particularly conversant in that Branch of Medicine, the Patient so coerced is to be considered as affected with the Disorder in a greater Degree than before such Coercion became necessary ?

There is a State without Turbulence, which equally incapacitates a Person from transacting Business as the turbulent State which does require Coercion.v

In which of the Two States is there a greater Prospect of a speedy Recovery ?

When a Patient afflicted with this Malady, who has been turbulent, ceases to be so, he may be laid to be in a State more favourable to Recovery than while he continued in that turbulent State.

Whether Dr. Reynolds knows, or has any Grounds of informing the Committee, whether the Majority of Persons affiidted with this Malady at His Majesty’s Time of Life have recovered ?

I have not sufficient Grounds to answer that Ques-tien.

Do you consider a perfect State of Bodily Health, to-existing with a complete mental Ditemper, a very good Symptom towards Recovery of the mental Dif-order ?

If a Patient shall have been several Months, perhaps a Year, affiidted with the mental Disorder, which Disorder remains without Diminution, I Should not consider perfect Bodily Health as promissory of Recovery from the mental Disorder.

Whether the Improvement of Bodily Health, without any proportionate Improvement of mental Sanity, becomes a probable Symptom of mental Conva-lefcence ?

In a recent same I think it is.

Whether, in the same before us, a State of Quiet has not often succeeded a State of Irritation, and a State of Irritation a State of Quiet — and what was the Difference observed in each State with regard to mental Sanity, in this same ?

There have been frequently such Vicifiitudes, and there have been nearer Approaches to Reason in a State of Quiet than in a State of Turbulence; but I think not invariably so; this is to the best of my Re-collection at prefenc.

Was Dr. Reynolds present at a Difcuffton which took place on Friday the Second Instant, between Dr.

Willis and Dr. Warren, respecting the Account which was that Day sent to St. James's ?

1 was.

Relate what passed upon that Occasion.

When Dr. Warren came down to Kew on Friday Morning the id Instant, I saw him before he visited His Majesty, and told him how I had found H is Majesty the Evening before, and that Morning when 1 visited Him. After Dr. Warren had waited upon His Majesty, he came into the Room where we usually consult, and, after agreeing upon the Prc-feription for the Day, we proceeded to consider what Report we Should send to St. James's % there were then present in the Room, Dr. Dr. John Willis,

and myself; and, as nearly as I can recollect, Dr. Warren and I agreed upon this ReportHis Majesty passed Yesterday quietly, has had a very good " Night, and is calm this Morning." I wrote it, read it over, and Dr. John Willis objected to it, alledging that it was not descriptive of His Majesty's Amendment, for that He certainly was much better, having, on the preceding Day and on that Morning, said many pertinent and rational Things. Dr. Warren contended, that several Things said properly proved nothing; but that some Things said immediately afterwards improperly were decisive. Dr. John Willis contended, that a Mitigation of Symptoms was Amendment. Dr. Warren did not consider that any Amendment could take Place, till there was an Interval of an Hour, or more, of Reason and Judgment. While they were in this Argument, Dr. , Senior, came in, was shewn the Report intended to be sent to St. James's, and did not at fjrft reading it disapprove of it; but upon Dr. John Willis’s observing, that it did riot contain so favourable an Account of His Majesty’s Situation, as the Report which had been sent on the preceding Day, he objected to it, contending that there was a material Amendment, which ought to be reported. — Dr. Warren and myself, not seeing His Majesty’s State in the same Light, thought that the Report held out sufficient Hopes to the Public. Doctors Willis (I think both, but I am certain Dr. Willis, Senior) observed that the Queen would not suffer it to go so; and I cannot exactly recollect what Words immediately followed; but Dr. , Senior, addrefting himself to Dr. Wa, said, " that it would " fall upon him That Expression I particularly remember. — We talked again upon the Subject, and drew up the following Report: " His Majesty passed Yesterday much in the same Manner as He did the " Day before, has had a very good Night, and is this Morning as He was Yesterday." This Report was carried up Stairs, and when returned, it was accom-' panied with a Desire that we would add to the End of the last Sentence, continuing mendingI speak to the best of my Recollection. — This seemed to Dr. Warren and myself more than the State of His Majesty authorized us to say. Dr. Warren therefore desired the Honour of an Audience of Her Majesty, which was granted; and when he returned, the last Part of the Report was altered as follows: " and is " this Morning in a comfortable Way," instead of " is this Morning as He was Yesterday." I speak from Memory — 1 have no Notes. Dr. continued arguing warmly with Dr. 1 barren, while I was writing the Three Reports — they were in the next Room to that in which I was writing — the Door wide open; and I heard Dr. say to Dr.

amongst other Expressions of Disagreement with him in Opinion, that if Dr. Warren held the Opinion which he maintained, that it impeached his Common Sense, or something else; to which Dr. Warren made no Reply, only desired the Persons present, among whom were Lady Harcourt , Lady Charlotte , and General Gordon, to observe thac Dr. IVillis had made use of such an Expression. Dr. Warren conducted himself, through the Whole of this unpleasant Business, with admirable Temper.

Does Dr. Reynolds recoiled! sufficiently the Conversation which passed between Dr. Warren and Dr. Willis upon that Friday, to take upon himself to say positively, whether the following Circumstances occurred between those Persons at any Time that Day; namely, Whether Dr. Willis asked this Question of Dr. Warren, or any Question to this Effect: *If a Person in such an Indisposition as His Majesty, " Should not say One sensible Word in Twenty-four <* Hours, and in the next Twenty-four Should say but

One

1

1

' v^,

i 30 Januarii.

6t

«« One Word that he would not say if he was not indisposed, Whether Dr. Warren would not think him better?" If any such Question, or any Question to that Effect, was asked by Dr. Willis* whether Dr, Reynolds can say positively that Dr. Warren did, or did nor, answer «« No," or what other Answer he gave to it ?

1 think I fecolle£k that some such Question was proposed by Dr. Willis to Dr. , but I do not

remember that Dr. Warren said " Noas he admitted, that if a Person in the Situation of His Majesty, was for the Space of One Hour, or more, like himself, that he mould think him mended. 'I remember this Observarion made by One of the Dr.

was not put up when 1 was last in that Room on

Friday.

Was that the Day on which the Difference of Opinion happened between Dr. Willis and Dr. Warren ?

It was.

Did Dr. Reynolds of Dr. Warren in any Measure ground the Opinion, which induced them that Day to differ from Dr. Willis*upon Information received from Mr. Charles Hawkins, or other of the Attendants who were then permitted to have Access to His Majesty’s Apartment ?

I formed my Opinion from what I Personally ob-

Willis’s to Dr. Warren, or something to this Purpose, served in His Majesty " You will not allow a Person in this State to be better Did Dr. hear Dr. Warren quote the Au-

" 11 jj hc;» wf-n Yes, I will, ’ find Dr. Warren, thority of Mr. Hawkins's Representation of the State when I fee him have an Interval, for the Space of in which the K}ng had bwn }n> in Support of his Ob-" aiJ Hour or Two, of Reason and Judgment but not jcfUon to signing altered Report ?

till then. This is as nearly as I can recollect. j

Does Dr. Reynolds recollect what were the Words which Dr. Warren had used immediately before One of the Dr. Willis’s said to him, " You will not allow " a Person in this State to be better till he is well ?"

; No, I do not.

Is the Committee to understand, that Dr. Warren did not answer to Dr. Willis in this Argument, " that he should think no Person better till they were perfectly well ?"

Dr. Warren did not say that in my Hearing.

Did he say, in Dr. Reynolds’s Hearing, ,c‘ that he

should think a Person better if he was himself for

an Hour or two ?"

Yes, he did.

Does Dr. Reynolds hold himself responsible in his Character to the Public, for the Truth of the Accounts sent to St. James's, and signed with his Name?

I have always wished to give, in that Report, as favourable an Account of His Majesty’s Health as I could consistent with Truth.

Did Dr. Reynolds ever endeavour to induce Dr.

Willis to sign any Account of the King's Situation, by any vehement Argument or Dispute, which Dr. Willis declared to be contrary to his Opinion ?

Never.

Did Dr. Reynolds ever inform Dr. Willis* that it was usual for Physicians to sign their Names to Statements of Fads, which they are not sure are true or cor red, for the Sake of Agreement ?

I never did.

Did Dr. Reynolds ever tell him, that in such Matters the Opinion of One should give Way to the other Two, and that he was surprized he should hesitate about it ?

No.

Should not Dr. Reynolds consider the signing his Name to any Account sent to St. which tended

to mistead the Public into a less favourable Opinion of His Majesty’s State than the Fad warranted, as equally culpable in him, as the giving untrue Information to this Committee ?

1 should think it highly culpable to do so.

When did Dr. Reynolds first hear of the Order, that ho Person should be admitted into His Majesty’s Apartment, Without the permission of Dr. or

his Son ?

I first observed that written Order fixed above the Chimney* in the Pages Room, on Sunday last.

Does Dr. Reynolds know when it was first put up ?

I understood it was put up on Friday last; it

Vol. XLIV.

Does Dr. Reynolds know, or did he ever hear, of any improper Persons having intruded, or being admitted, into His Majesty’s Apartment, to make the issuing of that Prohibition necessary ?

I don’t know any Thing that has made that Prohibition necessary or proper.

By what Authority did Dr. Reynolds understand that Notice or Order to have been fixed up in the Pages Room ?

As it did not seem to me to be signed by any Person of Authority, I paid no Attention to it myielf, and made no other Enquiries about it, except who put it there j and was told Dr. Willis; but I took a Copy of it. I did hear Dr. Willis Today, in the outer Room here, say that it was put up by the Authority of the Lord Chancellor, which I did not hear before; he said so in my Presence, and, I think, in that of Dr. Gijbome.

Whether, in Dr. Reynolds’s Opinion, the Four Medical Assistants, who are in constant Attendance on His Majesty, are not competent to give Information worthy the Attention of this Committee, in Addition to that of the Physicians ?

1 think them all Men of Sense and Judgment, and believe them to be Men of Integrity.

In what State did Dr. Reynolds leave His Majesty Today ?

Pretty much, I think, in the same State as when I saw Him the Time before — a State of Composure and Quiet, but not in a mended State respecting His Mind.

Whether the Four Medical Persons do not, from Time to Time, report to the Physicians the several Circumstantes of His Majesty’s Cafe, in order to enable those Physicians to form their Judgment upon His Majesty’s same ?

The Physicians form their Judgment from what they hear of His Majesty in their Absence, and from what they Personally observe when they have the Honour to wait upon Him.

Whether the Physicians do not receive Information, with respect to what passes in their Absence, from the Reports of these Medical Gentlemen, or some of them ?

They do receive Information from them, and require it from all who they think are capable of giving them useful Information.

Dr. Reynolds having said, that the Chance of His Majesty's Recovery is certainly as good now, in his Opinion, as it was when he was formerly examined before the other Committee — Is that Dr. Reynolds’s Opinion, after giving due Attention to all the Cir-

R cumstances

61 i 30 januariu 1780.

cumstances which he has mentioned in his Examination this Day, and all other Circumstances which have fallen under his Observation, and notwithstand-fng any Difference, of Opinion which may have arifon between any of His Majesty’s Physicians f

It is my Opinion.

Withdrew;

Fetter is, 90 die Januarii 1789.

:, v,-(

Doctor Thomas Gijbome called ini and examined.

Whether, in his Opinion, the State of His Majesty’s Health does, or does not, continue to be such as to render His Majesty incapable, either ,of corning to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business ?

Ithink him incapable of coming to Parliament, or of attending to Public Business.- -

What Hopes does Dr. Gijborne now entertain of H is Majesty’s Recovery ?

I think, as before, that there are (till Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery.

Can Dr* Gijborne now form any Judgment* or probable Conjecture, of the Time that His Majesty’s lllness is likely to last?

No, I cannot.

Whether in His Majesty’s Disorder Dr. Gijborne fees any present Signs of Convalescence ?

1 think the State of His Majesty’s Bodily Health is better than it was Three Weeks ago, and that He is more quiet; it may therefore be hoped, that these possibly may be the Prelude to further Amendment.

Whether the State of His Majesty’s Bodily Health is now perfectly good, or has been at any Time since the Commencement of His present Disorder ?

I think that can hardly be said.

Whether His Majesty’s particular Malady arises from the State of His Bodily Health, to which Dr. Gijborne alludes ?

No, I think not. 1

♦ . , -

Whether you have ever endeavoured to influence

or persuade Dr. Willis to join in any Report of the State of His Majesty’s Health, contrary,to his. Dr. Willis's, Judgment upon it ?

Never.

Do you know any other Physician that has ?

No.

Did you ever inform Dr. Willis that it was usual for Physicians to sign their Names to Statements of Fadts, which they are not sure are true or correct, for the Sake of Agreement ?

No.

Did you ever tell him, that in such 'Matters, the Opinion of One Should give Way to Two, and that you was surprized he Should hesitate about such Matters ?

No.

Would any Motive or Argument induce you to sign your Name to the Account sent to respecting the State of the King’s Health, which you did not in your Confidence believe to be substantially true ?

Certainly not. . .:

Should you not consider the signing your Name to an Account of that Sort, tending to mislead the Public into a less favourable Opinion of His Majesty’s State than the Fadl warranted, in the same Point of View as giving Information to mislead this Committee ?

Yes. ..

Whether, if there has been any Errors or Imper-section in the Accounts sent to St. James's, you conceive it to have consisted in representing His Majesty’s State to be worse than it is ?

I know of no Error; and I was ever as cautious as possible, that the Hopes or Fears of the Public should hot be milled. _

Whether the Report sent to St. James's does always tontafn a full State of His’ Majesty’s real Situation b ' "'I '

I think it impossible that it Should. - -.1 -

Has it ever mentioned His Majesty’s Malady at

aiu \:

I think His Majesty’s Malady is' easily to be cpl-lcdted from It.

Is there any Thing in such Reports that, tends , to give the Public any. Idea of His Majesty’s ConvaleD ceoce from, or growing worse in the Symptoms of, His peculiar Malady ? *

There have hitherto hardly been any Syrnptoms of either Kind to be told.

... . "i.

When did you fee or hear of the Order that*,no Person Should be admitted into His Majesty’s Apartments without -the Leave of Dr. Willis :or hi* Son I ..

I forget; I believe about a Week ago.

Do you know, or have you ever heafd, that-iny improper Persons have been admitted into His jesty’s Apartment, to make! that Order necessary ?;

No; I know of.no improper Persons. - ,

By what Authority do you understand. that Ofder to have been issued ? . -

I was told it was put up at Dr. Willis's Desire.

Whether you ever learnt what Authority Dr. Willis had for putting up that Order ?

’ I think I he?rd him say he thought too many People went in to the King, and that the Chancellor advised him to do that, or something else, to prevent it.

Had too many or any improper People been admitted, to your Knowledge ? ,

Not to my Knowledge-I was not . constantly there, therefore cannot tell.

Were not Three Persons of Dr. Willis's own Family, himself included, of the Number of those who went in to the King ? .; v , i

Yes.

Is there not one of that Family who is no Medical Attendant ? 1

One of them is a Clergyman, and, I believe, does not call himself a Physician.

Does Dr. Gijborne know whether any Persons have gone in to His Majesty at improper Times ? .

No; I do not.

Does Dr. Gijborne know whether His Majesty has, or has not, been prevented from sleeping by the Circumstance of any Persons going into His Room?

No — I do not know that.

Has He been prevented from lleeping ?.

I do not know.

Did Dr. Gijborne understand by that Order, that the Physicians themselves were not to be permitted to fee the King, withput Dr. Wr,. or his Son’s;.Permission ? ' ..

The Words of the Paper are, that no Persons, except the Pages, shall be permitted.

Then you did understand it to extend to the Physicians ? ,

Yes. *

/ Docs

Does Dr. Gijborne, when he goes to Keio, make Enquiry of all or any of the Four Medical Attendants, who are in constant Waiting on His Majesty, to assist himself by their Information in forming his Opinion on the King’s State f (

Yes, 1 do.

jDoes Dr. Gijborne conceive that he Should be deprived of the Means of-material Information! if all those Gentlerrten were excluded from Access to His Majesty’s Apartment ? ..... . ': .

Yes. - - i ' ’

Did Dr. Gijborne hear of any Difpyte, or' material Difference of Opinion, which Had arisen on Friday the ad Instant, between Dr. Willis arid Dr. Warren ? None, relative to the Treatment of His Majesty.

Did you hear of any such Dispute, or Difference of Opinion, relative to the State or Condition of His Majesty ?

No.

Whether, in Dr. Gijborne'sOpinion, the Four Medical Assistants, who are in constant Attendance on His Majesty, are not competent to give Information worthy the Attention of this Committee, in addition to that of the Physicians ?

Yes, surely.

Whether any Medicine is administered to the King, by the Prescription of Dr, Wilis, unknown to the other Physicians ?

No.

Whether there has been any particblar Medicine, at the Suggestion of Dr. Willis, and soon after his Arrival, administered to the King ?'

Not without Confutation of the rest, that I know of.

Does Dr. Gijborne. recollect Dr. Willis having recommended any particular Medicine, in order to tneet and counteract what he. Dr. Willis, conceived to be the Cause of His Majesty’s Malady?

I do riot think I understand the Question.

Does not Dr. Gijborne imagine, from this Account given by Dr. Willis, viz. That from the particular Detail of His Majesty's Mode and Manner of Life " for aj Years, I do imagine, that weighty BuGness, severe Exercise, and too great. Abstemiousness, and little Rest, has been too much for His Constitution. u It is very early to give art Opinion, and 1 may be " mistaken, but I am the more Inclined to think myself right, because the Medicine that has been given His Majesty ever since Sunday Morning, and was intended to meet and counteract those Causes, has had as much Effect as I could wish," that Dr. Willis refers to some Medicine recommended by himself ?

I suppose he does.

What was that Medicine, which had the Effect stated by Dr. Willis, in counteracting those Causes of His Majesty’s Malady, namely, " weighty BuGness, «« severe Exercise, too great. Abstemiousness, and " little Rest, for a Course of 27 Years?"

I have not the Recipe in my Pocket.

Does Dr. Gijborne recollect, whether there was any Thing peculiar and new in the Medicine?

The Medicine was approved of in Consultation by us all.

Have you no Recollection what it was, it having produced, as Dr. Willisftates, as much Effect as he could wilh, and counteracting all those Causes ?

I think these are Questions for Dr. Willis alone to answer.

Had the Medicine, in ycur Judgment, any Effect in meeting and counteracting those Causes ?

I think none of our Medicines have had the Effetft to be wished.

Was His Majesty gradually better, from the first Six Hours after He took it, to the Time of your former Examination before the Committee ?

Not materially, that I know of.

Whether, Grice the Order alluded to Dr. Gijborne continues to have every Means of Observation and Information which he deems necessary to direct his Judgment upon the actual State of His Majesty’s Health ?,

Yes, I have. '

Whether Dr. Gijborne observes any material Difference in His Majesty, at such Times as he viftts.Him in the Presence of Dr. Willis or his Son, and at such Times when neither of those Gentlemen are present ?

I think He is more quiet when they are present.

Does Dr. Gijborne know that any of the Four Medical Assistants have at any Time been refused Admis-Gon to His Majesty* and thereby prevented from procuring the Information necessary to be.laid before tb« Physicians ?

I really do not know.

Has Dr. Gijborne ever heard them complain of any such Refusal ?

I have not heard them complain.

Whether, before that Order, any of the Medical Attendants saw His Majesty early in the Morning before any of the Physicians, or fat up with Him in the Night ?

Yes — they have, I believe, got up to Him in the Night — I believe they never fat up with Him — they have seen Him early in the Morning before the Physicians.

Whether, since that Order, they have beeri permitted to fee Him as usual, without Dr. Willis or his Son’s being present ?

I don’t know.

Since that Order* in what Manner, when those Medical Gentlemen are called upon by the Physicians, do they make that Report? — do they make it in the Presence of Dr. Willis and his Son, or by themselves ?

It is accidental whether they are present or not*.

Dr. Gijborne having observed, that in the Presence of Dr. Willis or his Son His Majesty is more quiet, he thinks — Whether Dr. Gijborne apprehends that the reducing a Patient labouring under His Disorder into a State of Quiet, is, or is not, likely to be one of the Means of bringing about His Recovery ?

I think Quiet to be good for such Patients.

Whether, if the Effeftof Dr. Willis's Presence is to render His Majesty more quiet, it does not make any Judgment formed of the State of His Majesty’s Mind at that Time more uncertain ?

No. '

Whether Dr. Gijborne does not think that the Judgment formed of the State of His Majesty’s Mind, by a Physician seeing His Majesty in the Presence of Dr. Willis, might be different from that which he would form if Dr. Willis was not present ?

Not if he were a Physician of Judgment.

Whether Dr. Gijborne, in his Conscience, thinks, after duly attending to all the Circumstances of His Majesty’s same which he has related to this Committee, and to all the Circumstances. of His Majesty’s same which have fallen under his Observation, or come to his Knowledge, and notwithstanding any Disputes which may have taken place between His Majesty’s Physicians, or any of them, either relative to His Majesty’s Cafe, or other Subjects, that His Majesty’^ Chance cf Recovery is greater, or leis, than it was, or

as

64

*3° Jam

as good as it was, when Dr. Gijbwme was examined here by the former Committee ?

The Time elapsed is lhort> and therefore I think the Chance as good.

Withdrew;

The Reverend Do&dr Willis again called

in, and examined.

Whether the several Circurristances of His Majesty’s Cafe, which have fallen within your Observation, or come to your Knowledge* being duly attended to, you* in your Confidence, think that the Chance of His Majesty’a Recovery is greater, or less, than, or as good as, it was when you was examined before the former Committee ?

Much greater.

When Dr. Willis fays* that the Chance of His Majesty’s Recovery is much greater, docs he found his Idea that the Chance is much greater upon his Observation that, in His Majesty’s Cafe* such Circumstances have occurred as he has usually observed in the same bf Persons who have laboured under the same Malady and afterwards recovered!

Certainly. Yes.

Does Dr. Willis consider His Majesty’s Age as making a material Difference in the Chance of His Majesty’s recovering or not recovering, after duly attending to all the Circumstances of His Majesty’s same which have fallen within his Observation,' and come to his Knowledge ?

I don’t judge that the Age is of any Signification, tinlefs the Patient had been afflicted before with the same Malady.

Dr. Willis having stated to the Committee, that His Majesty, a Fortnight ago, would take up Books and could not read a Line, but that He will now read several Pages, and make, in his Opinion, very good Remarks upon the Subject j Does Dr. Willis's Observation and Experience of what has happened in other Cafes, enable him to say that such a Circumstance does, or does not, afford him a more solid Ground of Hope of His Majesty’s Recovery, than he had when he was examined before the former Committee ?

Certainly a more solid Ground of Hope of His Majesty’s Recovery.

Is that Hope the Effect of the Doltor’s Judgment, formed upon his Experience of Twenty-seven or Twenty-eight Years ?

Certainly.

In the Judgment of Dr. Willis, who has said that His Majesty is very irritable, is His Majesty more or less frequently in an altual State of Irritation than He was about the Time when Dr. Willis was examined before the former Committee ?

Nothing near so frequently irritated; and when irritated, the Irritation does not last a Tenth Part so long.

Has Dr. Willis, in his Observation and Experience, or has he not, remarked, that a Change of the same Nature has usually taken Place in the same of Patients who have afterwards recovered ?

Yes.

Dr. Willis having said, in his Examination before

the former Committee, that His Majesty’s Irritation had then in a great Measure subsided; Did Dr. Willis mean, when he so expressed himself, that the Irritation was at that Time less than it had been when he first saw His Majesty ? or did he mean to suggest, that the Irritation had then subsided in such a Degree as to imake what Dr. Willis calls firm Coercion unneceffery ?

I was at that Time in Hopes that the Irritability

A. 1789.

would not be so great as to require any firm Coercion; and perhaps, had there been no Blisters applied to His Majesty’s Legs, which had an Effelt upon His nervous System, which I was not aware of, from being cold that His Majesty was scarce sensible of the Blisters that had been applied at Windsor, there never would have been any Occtfion for such Coercion; but His Majesty’s Blisters not operating kindly, had a very extraordinary Effect, as I thought* upon His whole System, and made me sensible that we were wrong in applying the Blisters — though perhaps in the End they may not have retarded a Cure. — For the same Medicines that I apprehend had abated His Majesty’s Irritability ac that Time', haVe. been continued ever since, except about Eight Days \ and I have Reason to think have had the intended Effect.

Whetheri in Point bf Fait, when Dr: Willis was examined before the former Committee, His Majesty’s Irritation at that Time had in a great Measure subsided ?

It had subsided greatly; in Comparison to what it was when I first came and first saw His Majesty, and gave me great Hopes that the Medicine was given with a proper Intention.

What did the Medicine, which has had the Effelt you speak of, consist of ?

The Bark and Saline Medicines occasionally. The Bark sometimes every Four Hours, and sometimes a Saline Draught.

Whether any Pills were Part of this System of Medicine ?

We thought it necessary to give occasionally, within those Eight Days, Alterative Pills, with a very trifling Part of Calomel.

Whether His Majesty had not taken Bark before you prescribed for him ?

I understood His Majesty had at Windsor, for one Day or two, — but I don’t know , — upon Enquiry, it was thought His Majesty was calmer afterwards.

Whether the Medicine which you mentioned in your Examination before the former Committee, as having been given His Majesty since the Sunday preceding that Examination, was, according to the Accounts, which you had received, understood to be different from the Medicine which His Majesty had been in the Course of taking for some Time before that Sunday ?

Very different, to the best of my Memory and Information — indeed it was mentioned to me, that it was intended to give His Majesty that Medicine, if they had not expelled my coming.

Whether you, when you first attended His Majesty, did not look over the File of Prescriptions made before you came to attend His Majesty ?

I did not, but had a general Account from Dr. Warren, as we went down to Kewwhat Medicines had been given.

Dr. Willis having said, in his Examination before the Committee, that he kept a House for Twenty-eight Years for the Reception of Persons afflilted with this Disorder j Whether he can give to the Committee an Account of the gross Number of Persons entertained in his House, from his first admitting such Patients to the present Time ?

I can give no Account.

If you can give no Account at present, have you no Means, by confuhing your Papers, of giving that Information to the Committee ?

Not any — I have not kept any Account at all.

Can you inform the Committee what Number of Persons have been difmififed from your House as radically cured, from the Beginning of your undertaking this Business ?

1 I can

u

I.

2.9 Geo. III. 130 y

I can give no Account; nor have I been confined to One House or Ten Houses, because I put the Patients to such Places as suited their pecuniary Circumstances.

Having fald that this Business was not confined to one, but to many Houses, whether you can give any Account upon the Whole of the Number of Persons radically cured ?

Not at all.

If you can give no Account to the Committee of the whole Number of Persons that have been received at your Houses, and no Account of the Number of Patients that have been dismissed from your Houses as radically cured, upon what Ground did you say, in your former Examination, that you do not think you Should speak false, if you said, that Nine out of Ten, of those that had been put under your Care, within Three Months after they had begun to be afflicted with the Disorder, had recovered ?

My first Calculation and Observation, concerning the Numbers cured, was from my remarking that the first Fifteen were cured; and I had often recolledted, upon Retrofpedtion, that Ten had gone together, and that I very rarely milled curing any that I had so early under my Care i I mean radically cured.

Whether, from all the Circumstances Dr. Willis has stated, in his Answers to the preceding Questions, relative to the actual State of His Majesty’s Health, he has Reason to entertain Hopes of His Majesty’s more speedy Recovery, than when he was examined before the former Committee ?

Yes.

Upon what particular Grounds are those Hopes founded ?

Because every bad Symptom is abated — and His Majesty will attend to any Subject, in a much better Manner than I ever hoped He would do within this Period of Time.

Whether, in those Patients, who have been compleatly cured within Five or Six Months, a considerable Progress towards Acts of Convalescence has been eenerally made within the first Month ?

No.

Has the Progress now made in His Majesty’s Cafe, been as great, or greater, than has been usually made within the same Time in such Cases ?

I think greater.

In Dr. Willis's Answer to the Second Question put to him, when he was last examined before this Committee, why has he spoken less positively of the Certainty of His Majesty’s Cure, as at present situated, than he would of a Patient under the same Indifpo-fition in his House ?

On Account of His Station in Life, which requires more Attendance, and more Persons to fee His Majesty: Also, His Majesty’s Ideas of who He is, and the Feelings that His present Indisposition may occasion.

Whether Patients labouring under this Indisposition, whil$ under Dr. Willis's Care, are usually under such a Degree of Controul in his Presence, as to influence their Conversation and Behaviour ?

Very frequently.

Whether a Person, who has hot particularly dedicated himself to this Branch of Medicine, is able to form a certain Judgment of the State of the Mind of a Patient so afflicted, by seeing and conversing with such Patient only in the Presence of Dr. , or of any other Person who has acquired the same Degree of Influence over the Patient ?

Vol. XLIV.

anuarii. 5

Yes, if they converse with them for a Length of Time, and frequently.

Dr. Willis having said that he can give no Account of the Numbers who have been under his Care, he is desired to inform the Committee, as well as he can from Memory, what the Number may have been ?

They certainly amount to many Hundreds j I have? attended many in Nottinghamshire and Yorkshire, who were not in my House.

Dr. Willis having said that his first Fifteen Patients were cured, and had often recollected, on Retrofpec-tien, that Ten had gone together; does he mean to say, that he had often recollected one Instance of Ten going together, or that he had recollected many Instances of Ten going together ?

Several Instances of Ten going away successively.

Does Dr. Willis mean that Ten Persons, who had come successively one after another, had all gone away cured, consequently that no one of those Ten had remained uncured ?

I mean that.

From Dr. Willis's Observations upon His Majesty since his Examination before the former Committee, is he confirmed or altered in his Opinion, that Weighty Business, severe Exercise, too great Abstemiousness, and little Rest, have contributed to occasion His Majesty’s present Complaint ?

Yes, confirmed.

From whence do you derive this Confirmation of your Opinion ?

From Quiet and the Effect of Tonic Medicines.

Whether those Circumstances which Dr. Willis has particularly mentioned in stating the Ground of his more favourable Hopes of His Majesty's Recovery, have been communicated or known to the other Physicians ?

I have told the Physicians my Opinion, and gave my Reasons for it, and have kept nothing a Secret from them. 1

Whether the Pills you mention to have been given His Majesty within these Eight Days, have been given upon your Suggestion ?

Yes.

Whethef you recollect if any Fill, with a Portion of Calomel in it, had been given a little before the Time of your former Examination ?

Yes; it was the First Night J Came, I believe it made Two Pills; and it was thought right that His Majesty Should have a Cathartic Draught the Morning after, in order to prepare Him for the Bark.

Whether the Calomel Pills were the Medicine which you alluded to, when, in your former Examination, you say " that the Medicine given His Majesty ever " firtce Sunday Morning, and intended to meet and xc counteract the Causes of His Majesty’s Malady, had " had as much Effect as you could wilh ?"

The Pills and the Draught were, as 1 said before, preparative to His taking the Bark, which was the Medicine I alluded to.

Whether the Bark was given, at the Time alluded to, by yoUr Suggtftion ?

Yes.

Withdrew.

Doctor Ricbafd Warren again called in, and examined.

Dr. Warren desires the Two following Questions and Answers to be read; viz.

0^ " Whether Dr. Warren ever saw any Paper,

S purporting

1'

13° Januarii. A. 1789.

66

" purporting to be % Copy of this Letter supposed to be written at Twelve o'Clock at Night; and if he " did, by whom the same was shewn to him ?

A. " I don’t recoiled that I ever saw a Paper " purporting to be a Copy of it.

Qi. " Can Dr. Warren take upon himself to say* u that he never did fee any Paper, purporting to be a " Copy of the Letter supposed to be written at Twelve o’Clock at Night ?"

A. " No j 1 do not recoiled that I did."

Dr. Warren then stated.

Late on Wednesday Night the Committee asked me, Whether I had not seen a Copy, or something that purported to be the Copy, of a Letter supposed to be written by Dr. Willis to Mr. Pitt, at Twelve o’Clock at Night, during the Debate on the Day of the First DiviGon in the House of Commons. I could not at that Time recoiled any Thing to which I could apply ' the Word " Copybut the next Morning I recol-leded, that on my Arrival at Kew, the Day after I had heard the Rumour of such a Letter being written. Sir Lucas Pepys informed me, that he had a Message for me from the Prince of Wales, who had been at Kew the Night before, and had ordered him to deliver the Message to me when I should come the next Morning. Sir Lucas had taken the Message down in Writing, from his Memory, soon after the Prince left him. The Message was to desire me to enquire into the State of His Majesty’s Health at a particular Time, because the Prince had been informed, that a Letter had been written by Dr. Willis, stating, that the King was in a very good Way at that Time, when the Prince had understood that He really was not so, and then recited other Words of the supposed Letter, which I cannot recoiled. I do not remember that I took this Paper from Sir Lucas. I remember that, in talking about this Letter, I made use of the Word lt Copy," when I ought rather to have said, that I had only seen an Account of the Letter in Writing. The First Account of such Letter being written, I learnt from Rumour; the next Information that 1 had of it was from the Message delivered to me by Sir Lucas Pepys.

Whether, in consequence of the Message delivered to Dr. Warren by Sir Lucas Pepys, he did, or did not, afterwards inform the Prince of Wales of the Enquiry which he had made, with relped to the Truth of the supposed Fad which was the Subject of that Message, and of the Circumstances which had taken place between Dr. Warren and Dr. , in consequence of that Enquiry ?

I did; and the next Day, or second Day after, I acquainted the Prince that I had done wrong with respect to Dr. Willis, as I could not find that any Letter had been written by him at the Time mentioned; that I must retract what I had said to Dr. , and acknowledge my Error. — He approved of my intended Conduct.

Is Dr. Warren still unable to name any other Person besides Sir Lucas Pepys, from whom he received Information that Dr. Willis had written the Letter in Question ?

I positively declare, that I do not know from whom I first heard the Report; and I paid very little Attention to it till I received the Message from Sir Lucas.

Had Dr. Warren, upon his last Examination, when he said that he did not recoiled from whom he received his Information, that the Letter mentioned in the former Question had been written, and said, that the Substance of the supposed Letter had been stated to him in general Terms, forgotten the Circumstance of

a Message having been delivered to him from the Prince of Wales by Sir Lucas Pepys upon that Subject, such as he has now stated ?

I declare positively, from the Fatigue of Examination, or some other Circumstance, I know not what, I could not recoiled it; I took Pains about it as soon as I left the Committee, and, as I was going to Kew the next Morning, I gradually made it out, and immediately determined to acquaint the Committee with it as soon as I had an Opportunity, though I knew it was at the Expence of appearing to have concealed the Truth the Night before.

When did Dr. Warren put in Writing what he had thus recollected on his Road to Kew ?

Soon after I got Home Yesterday.

Did Dr. Warren communicate this Paper to any Body before he read it to the Committee ?

I communicated it to my Brother this Morning; I read it to the Prince of Wales about Noon; I read it over with my Son this Afternoon.

Does Dr. Warren understand that the Prince of Wales, having heard the same Report which he (Dr. Warren) had heard before, desired Dr. through Sir Lucas Pepys, to enquire into thele contradictory Reports, as stated in the Message delivered by Sir Lucas Pepys ?

Yes.

Did the Prince of Wales direct Dr. Warren to take any further Measure, or to make any Communication to any other Person on the Subject ?

No. — I am not quite sure whether he did not desire me to (peak to the Chancellor upon it.

Whether Dr. Warren knows, or has any Reason to believe, that Dr. Willis has signed more favourable Accounts of the King’s Health than Dr. Willis believed to be true, though Dr. Warren differed in Opinion with him ?

I cannot possibly tell what Dr. Willis believes.

Question repeated.

I do not know; I cannot assign any Reason to believe it, but that it differs very much from my own Way of thinking.

Whether Dr. Warren has received any Advice, Counsel, or Command, from any Person, to represent the King’s Malady in a worse Condition than he found it ?

No.

From whom did Dr. Warren receive Directions, and to whom did he conceive himself accountable, in his Conduct and Attendance on His Majesty, while His Majesty remained at Windsor, since the Commencement of His present Malady ?

The Prince of Wales.

Did the Prince of Wales then take upon him to direct that the Orders, Advice, and Regulations of the Physicians Should be duly carried into Execution ?

Yes.

Whether, since the Order alluded to, forbidding any Person to go into the King’s Room, except introduced by Dr. Willis or his Son, Dr. Warren has continued to have such Means of Observation and Information as are sufficient to enable him to form an accurate Judgment upon the State of His Majesty’s Health ?

Yes.

Whether Dr. Warren has observed any Difference in His Majesty, at such Times as he has seen and conversed with His Majesty in the Presence of Dr. Willis or his Son, and at inch Times when neither of those Gentlemen were present ?

A very

49 Geo. III.

130 Januarii.

61

A very great Difference; when Dr. Willis or his Son are present, His Majesty is under great Awe; when they are absent. He talks and acts very differently.

Since the Order alluded to, has Dr. Warren seen His Majesty, except in the Presence of one of the Dr.

Willis's ?

Yesterday 1 desired Dr. John Willis to retire while I was with His Majesty, that I might observe the Difference of His Behaviour, and report it to the Committee, if required — Dr. Willis retired accordingly, and His Majesty immediately held a Language very different from that which He used while Dr. Willis was present.

Was any other Person in the Room besides Dr. Warren, when Dr. Willis retired ?

Two of the Pages.

Whether, notwithstanding the Order alluded to, Dr. Warren (till continues to think himself fully authorized to vilit His Majesty as often as he shall judge necessary, without either of the Dr. Willis's being present ?

I have made it a Rule, ever since Dr. Willis came, not to go in without asking the Doctor or his Son, whether it was a proper Time; but I should go in, notwithstanding that Order, if I thought there was a Necellity for it.

Whether Dr. Warren does not think, that it is in general discreet to alk Dr. , or his Son, whether the Time at which Dr. Warren proposes to go into His Majesty’s Room was a proper Time for that Purpose, supposing the re is ho particular Necessity for acting otherwise ?

Certainly.

Whether Dr. Warren has ever been present with His Majesty, when He has entertained Himself with reading ?

Yes.

Has it been for any considerable Space of Time, and upon a Subject which would require much Thinking?

1 have never seen him read more than a Line and an Half at a Time.

Has that been lately ?

The Third Time from hence that I was there — on Sunday last, I think.

Whether Dr. Warren thinks that the King’s Malady is less at those Times of reading than at any other Times ?

His Manner of reading, when I have been present, is a strong Proof of the Existence of His Malady.

Whether or no, the Patient suffering any Writings or Discourses to be read without Interruption, by Persons who have acquired any Influence over him, appears to Dr. Warren to be any Symptom of Conva-lefcence ?

No.

Whether or no, since the Commencement of the King’s Malady, the Physicians have employed whatever Succours the Rules of their Art, or their Experience, have suggested to them towards His Recovery ?

Yes.

Whether or no there are not certain Distempers fu-pervening on the original Malady, such as Fever, which are sometimes known to aid in the Cure of this Distemper ?

Yes.

Whether any Fever has come upon His Majesty since the Commencement of His Malady ?

Yes. ♦

Has the Disorder abated, in any remarkable Manner, in consequence of that Fever ?

No.

Has not His Majesty had frequent and refreshing Sleep from Time to Time ?

Yes.

Has not that been known to be of sovereign Use in the Cure of this Malady?

A Person sick in this Manner is not likely to get well without Sleep; but he may frequently have refreshing Sleep without advancing in his Cure.

How has it been in this same ?

Sleep has produced- no Advancement towards the Cure.

Has any rational Mode of Controul and Coercion been omitted ?

Not that I know of, since His Majesty came to Kew.

Whether any Progress towards a Cure has been observed in Consequence of this Controul ?

No.

What was the Method which the Physicians meant to pursue, in the Medical Treatment of His Majesty, immediately previous to the Arrival of Dr. Willis?

The Method that we had settled to pursue, was that of endeavouring to restore His Majesty to the best Bodily Health we could; to make His Constitution, if we possibly could, such a one as a healthy Man has-at Fifty. — We attempted to give His Majesty the Bark Twice, I believe, at Windsor, but some Circumstance arising, either from Fever, or some other Cause, prevented our going on with it. — It was determined, I think, just before Dr. Willis came, that the Bark Should be attempted again; but it was-postponed till the Arrival of Dr. Willis, that we might- talk with-him upon the Subject. — I carried Dr. to Kew

in my Chaifc, and gave him an Account of His Majesty’s Mode of Living, former Habits, and present Disease. — He agreed with me, that an Endeavour to restore the Constitution by the Bark, and occasionally adding some other Medicines, which we difeourfed about, was the most likely Way to restore His Majesty’s Health again. — His Majesty was immediately put under this Course.

Is Dr. Warren quite sure that the Return of the Use of the Bark, after Dr. Willis's Arrival, did not happen on the Suggestion of Dr. Willis ?

It did not happen on the Suggestion of Dr. Willis.

Whether the Medicines just stated by Dr. to have been used during the Period immediately preceding Dr, Willis's Arrival, were not of the Class called Tonics ?

I think they were not; but Medicines preparatory to the Use of the Bark.

Whether Tonics had not been used a ftiort Time previous to Dr. Willis's Arrival ?

I do not recoiled! any Tonic but Bark.

Whether the Bark itself is not of that Class of Medicines called Tonic ?

It is.

What new Medicines, not in the previous Intentions of the Physicians, were suggested by him, previous to the Time of his Examination before the former Committee ?

One of the first Things he proposed was Calomel.

What Benefits were had from the Calomel ?

None, with respect to the main Complaint.

Whether or no there has not been frequent Returns of Irritation since the Time of Dr. Willis's Attendance on the King.

Yes.

Were

68 13 ° Januarii.A. 1789.

Were the Returns of these Irritations owing to the ttfe of Blisters ?

Dr. Willis was of Opinion, and declared, that he never knew Blisters applied to the Legs of such a Patient without Benefit: The Blisters were applied* and, contrary to what happened when Blisters were applied before, produced much Soreness and Pain. The Pain undoubtedly made Hrs Majesty much more unquiet, increased the Necessity of Coercion, but did not appear to me to increase or diminish the grand Malady.

Whether or no Dr. Willis consented to the putting on of these Blisters, upon a Representation, that the King, when at Windsor, had been hardly sensible of Pain from them ?

That Circumstance was mentioned to Dr. , but I could not think it his Motive for consenting to the putting on of the Blisters, because he frequently talked of the great Benefit that Persons, afflict!ed like His Majesty, usually received from Blisters; and mentioned, if I mistake nor, his having cured a Perl'on by the Application of several Blisters at once.

Then there was no Persuasion used to induce Dr. Willis to consent to the Use of Blisters ?

No.

At. what Time, to the best of Dr. Warren's Recol-ledlion, were these Blisters used ?

I believe something more than Three Weeks ago.

Has there been any Irritation since the bliftcred Parts have been healed ?

1 am not quite sure that they are healed now, but certainly very near it.

Whether or no Dr. Warren has got the Account respecting the Proportion of Persons cured, who had been afflicted with the Disorder about the Age of Fifty ?

I have not got it — I will endeavour to get it before the Committee breaks up, if I possibly tan.

Whether Dr. Warren, in the Difference of Opinion which he had with Dr. on Friday the ad

Instant, told Dr. Willis that he should think no Person better, till they were perfedUy well, under such an Indisposition ?

No.

Do you recoiled! Dr. Willis's asking you, whether, if a Person so indisposed Should not say One sensible Word in Twenty-four Hours, and the next Twenty-four say but One Word, that he would not say if he was not indisposed, whether he would not think him better ? — and, if such a Question was put, did you answer to this, " No" ?

I don’t recoiled! that that Question was so put, therefore can say nothing as to the Answer.

Do you recoiled! giving any Opinion upon that Subject, and what was it?

I stated to the Dodfor my Rule of determining whether Persons so indisposed had amended, which I mentioned in the former Part of my Examination, and the Opinion I gave on Recovery was founded on that Rule. I remember that the Doctrine of Recovery, as derived from what happens in a Fever, was declared by me, in Contradiction to Dr. , as inapplicable to the Disorder in Question.

Did you ever inform Dr. , that it was usual for Physicians to sign their Names to Statements of Fadts, which they are not sure are true and correct!, for the Sake of Agreement ?

No, nor to that Effect!.

Did you ever inform Dr. , that in such

Matters the Opinion of One should give Way to the

other Two, and that you wa6 surprized he should hesitate about it ?

No.

Did you ever endeavour, by any vehement Argument or Dispute, to induce Dr. Willis to sign his Name to any Account respecting the King’s State, contrary to his Opinion ?

I have endeavoured by Debate, but not by vehement Argument, to bring the Doctor over to my Opinion, but never to persuade him to act contrary to his own.

Do you consider yourself as responsible in your Charad!er to the Public, for the Truth of the Accounts sent to St. James's, provided you sign your Name ?

Yes, provided you do ndt mean the whole Truth.

Should you not consider the signing your Name to any such Account of the King s Health, tending to deceive the Public into a less favourable Opinion of His Majesty’s State than the Fad! warranted, in the same Point of View as giving Information tending to mislead this Committee ?

Yes.

If there has been ahy Error or Imperfedlion in the Accounts sent to St. James's, has it, in your Opinion, consisted in representing the King’s'State worse than it is ?

No.

When did Dr. Warren fee His Majesty last ?

Yesterday.

In what State did you then leave Him ?

No better than since the Commencement of His Disorder;

Whether, Dr. Warren having said, in Answer to a Question put to him by this Committee, that his Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery stand upon the same Foundation as they did when he was examined before, excepting that a little more Time has passed, which does not add to his Hopes, but is so little that it hardly ought to fubtrad! from them — that is Dr. Warren's Opinion, after attending duly to all the Circumstances which have been stated in his Examination now relative to supervening Fever, the Enjoyment of Sleep, the Use of Coercion and Controul, the frequent Returns of Irritation, the Efted! of Blisters, the Differences of Opinion between the Physicians, and all other Circumstances in His Majesty’s Cafe, which have come to the Knowledge, or fallen within the Observation, of Dr. Warren ?

Yes.

Whether or no, in Fad!, there has existed a Difference of Opinion respect!ing the Treatment of His Majesty’s Disorder ?

There has been no Difference of Opinion with respect! to His Medicines and Diet.

Whether Dr. Warren has ever known a same of so long Difficulty and Continuance, and where so many Physicians have attended, where there was less Difference of Opinion ?

No, with respect! to Medicines and Diet.

Whether Dr. Warren thinks that the Difference of Opinion, respect!ing the Signs of Convalescence, has tended to forward, or retard, the Cure, or to alter the Mode of Treatment ?

It has neither forwarded nor retarded the Cure, nor altered the Mode of Treatment.

Whether Dr. Warren,from the Beginning, has grounded his Hopes of His Majesty s Recovery, upon the Symptoms he has observed in His Majesty’s Cafe, or oo Calculations of the proportionate

Numbers

29 Geo. IIL 130 Januariu 69

Numbers cured to the Persons affected with this Malady ?

On the Calculations.

Whether there has been any Difference of Opinion among the Physicians attending His Majesty, on any Point, since the Commencement of His Majesty’s Disorder ?

Not with respect to Medicine and Diet. Some Difference of Opinion at , whether His Majesty was not going to recover, about the End of His Fever.

As Dr. Warren Hated that he believes he is correct in his Account of the Words used by Dr. ,viz. " A certain Great Person will not suffer it to go so, and it will fall upon you," and thought the Conversation material enough to put down a Memorandum of it as soon as he returned Home; Can he state how long it was after he left Kew before he got Home ?

I left Kew about Twelve, I believe, and got Home about Six.

Did Dr. Warren go strait Home ?

No, I went about my Business.

Whether Dr. Warren mentioned the Particulars of the Conversation to any Body before he put them down in his Memorandum ?

I did.

Withdrew.

Sabbatit io® die Januarii 1789.

The Reverend Doctor Francis Willis again called in, and examined.

Did Dr. Willis, when he spoke Yesterday concerning the Medicines which had been given to His Majesty between the Time of his former Examination and the Sunday preceding, mean to take upon himself to say positively, either that those Medicines had, or that they had not, been previously thought of by the other Physicians attending His Majesty ?

I think I said that they had been thought of.

Do you mean to take upon yourself to say, that of your own Knowledge, and in your own Presence, His Majesty has, within the last Fortnight, read several Pages of Books, making at the same Time what were, in your Opinion, good Remarks upon the Subject of them ?

Yes.

Whether, according to the Observations which your Experience has enabled you to make in Cafes such as that of His Majesty, the Patient’s reading, or suffering Books to be read, in the Manner in which His Majesty has done within this last Fortnight, is, or is not, a Circumstance which has, in Point of Fact, happened where the Patient has finally recovered ?

Yes, certainly, in several Cafes, and it is more particularly favourable in His Majesty’s, as, within the Space of Fourteen Days, or thereabouts. His Majesty could not attend or read at all.

Whether your Observation upon Cafes in which Recovery has been obtained, induces you to consider the Circumstance of a Patient having, from Time to Time, refreshing Sleep, as forming afolid Ground of Hope for Recovery I

It is necessary to know the Sleep that the Patient formerly, had required, to make the Comparison of any Effect.

Whether, from the Accounts which you have received of the Sleep which His Majesty formerly usually had, and comparing the Result of such Accounts with Vol. XLIV.

the refreshing Sleep which His Majesty has had, your Observations and Experience enables you to determine one Way or the other, whether the Circumstance of His Majesty’s having had such Sleep is a Ground to hope for Recovery ?

By comparing the Sleep His Majesty, I am told, formerly had, even after great Fatigue, I am inclined to think that His Majesty has, for these last Six or Seven Nights, had more Sleep than one could expect from a Person who has been used to so much Exercise, and has not been able of late to use any.

Whether His Majesty is, within the last Fortnight, more or less quiet than He was previous to the Time when you was examined before the former Committee ?

I can’t remember it; but there is a prodigious Difference indeed.

Whether, judging from adhial Experience, and from what has occurred in the same of Persons who have recovered from this Malady, you think that such Alteration as you mention in your Answer to the last Question, affords a solid Ground of Hope that His Majesty will recover ?

Yes, very solid Grounds; for indeed I don’t think His Majesty has One Symptom that ever attended an Incurable. I mean, that He may have Symptoms that Incurables have, but He has not Symptoms that mark an Incurable.

Can you, from your Experience, say whether His Majesty has any Symptoms that are never observed in Incurables ?

I can’t say.

Dr. Addington having said, in his Examination before the former Committee, that he had great Expectations that His Majesty’s Disorder Would end happily, from this Circumstance, " That it had not for its " Forerunner that Melancholy which usually precedes a tedious Illness of this Sort," Does Dr. llis, judging from Facts and Experience, concur with Dr. Addington in those Expectations ?

Entirely.

Whether Dr. Willis and his Son have not, in Point of Fact, a greater Influence and Controul over His Majesty than any other of the Physicians who attend Him?

Certainly, much more so.

Whether Dr. Willis, judging from Facts and Experience, does, or does not, think it absolutely necessary, in order to bring about the Cure of His Majesty, that some Person attending His Majesty constantly should have and exert that Degree of Influence and Controul ?

Most certainly.

Whether Dr. Willis, judging from Facts and Expe-

rience, can say, that such irritations as His Majesty may have, when visited by Persons in the Absence of those that have this Degree of Influence and Controul, may, or may not, retard His Majesty’s Recovery ?

It certainly may retard it.

Whether that Effect must not depend on the Conduct of those Persons who visit His Majesty in the Absence of Dr. Willis ?

On their Conduct, if His Majesty fees them frequently in the Day, but if only Once in Two or Three Days, it will disturb His Majesty, by creating fresh Ideas.

Whether Dr. Willis is of Opinion, that the other Physicians who attend His Majesty, visiting His Majesty in the Manner they have done since Dr. Willis attended on His Majesty, can have the Effect of pro-

T ducing

7° 12° Januaru. . 1789.

ducing that Irritation, which Dr. Willis has said may retard His Majesty’s Recovery ?

I have thought that it frequently has had that

Effect.

Whether, supposing that Dr. attended One

Person in the Manner in which he now attends His Majesty, and had the Care of another Person, of whose same he should receive Accounts only-every other Morning, he thinks he could promote the Cure of His Majesty and such other Person in an equal Degree ?

The other Person would not have other People to visit him, and consequently to disturb him, and that therefore might possibly balance the Advantage of my seeing His Majesty every Day, or every Hour of the Day.

Whether you have Reason to believe, that, in Point of Fad, any Visit of any Physician to His Majesty has waked His Majesty while He was sleeping, or prevented His Majesty from going to sleep ?

I believe it has happened. Once in particular, His being prevented from going to sleep.

What Physician was it ?

It was Dr. Warren.

What Circumstances formed the Ground of Dr. Willis's Belief, that the Visit which he has referred to did prevent His Majesty from going to sleep ?

The Pages in Waiting, and the Attendants, assured me, that' His Majesty was going to sleep; by Observations I supposed they judged; from His Manner of dropping His Voice and Breathing.

Whether, previous to Friday last, Dr. Warren and the other Physicians had not usually consulted you about the Propriety of their going into His Majesty’s Room at the particular Time when they proposed to go in ?

Sometimes they have, and sometimes they have not.

At the Time you was informed that His Majesty had been prevented from going to sleep, did Dr. Warren consult you or your Son about the Propriety of his going into His Majesty’s Room at that Time ?

I told the Doctor I thought it was improper at that Time, because His Majesty had had a very bad Night, and had had just then Half an Hour’s Sleep, and the Pages thought He was just falling to sleep again.

Whether His Majesty’s State at that Time was such as, in your Judgment, to create any particular Ne-ceflity for Dr. Warren's going into His Majesty’s Room, after you had stated to him what you have mentioned in the foregoing Answer ?

I knew of none — as Coercion seemed to be the only Thing necessary if His Majesty could not rest.

When you stated to Dr. Warren the Objection before mentioned — whether you can recoiled what Answer Dr. Warren gave you ?

When Dr. Warren went into the Pages Room, Mr.

Braund or Mr. Compton, the Pages, delired Dr. Warren not to go in, in my Presence } and he said to them, as he had done to me, that he must go in, for he was a Spy upon them all.

Are you positive that Dr. Warren gave that Answer ?

I am very positive.

Are you positively sure that those were the very Words which Dr. Warren made use of, or do you only mean to state the Effect and Substance of Dr. Warren's Words on that Occasion ?

The very Words j which the Pages have mentioned many Times since.

Will you inform the Committee upon what Day this Conversation passed ?

I cannot say, but it is down in a Journal.

When did you put this down in the Journal ?

That Day.

Did you shew that Part of the Journal which contains the Account of this Matter to the Two Pages that you have mentioned, or either of them ?

I have not.

Whether you mean to admit and avow that you have signed Reports of His Majesty’s State of Health, proposed to be sent to St. James's, which contained less favourable Accounts of His Majesty’s Health, than you think might have been given to the Public, if the whole Truth had been told them ?

To be sure 1 have signed such as I would not have sent to any Relation of a Patient that I was concerned for in the like Situation.

Would the Accounts, which you would have sent to the Relations of other Patients, have been more or less favourable Accounts than those which have been sent to St. James's ?

More favourable, in general.

Would it have been confident with the whole Truth, in His Majesty’s Cafe, to have given more favourable Accounts in general ?

In my Opinion, more confident.

Will you date to the Committee, what were your Motives for giving less favourable Accounts than might have been given in general, confident with the whole Truth.

As it did not affect His Majesty’s Health, or the Cure of His Majesty, I signed them rather than have any Dispute about Words.

Do you mean to assert, that in your Conscience you are fully persuaded that you now speak the Truth, when you say, that more favourable Accounts of His Majesty’s State might have been given, in general, in the Report sent to St. James's ?

I do assert it.

Whether you ever signed any Paper, at the Request of Dr. Warren, relative to the Transaction of that Day, in which you have been informed that Dr. Warren had prevented His Majesty from sleeping?

I did sign a Paper, by the Desire of Dr. Warren, and the Persuasion of Sir Lucas , that Dr.

Warren, as far as I knew, did not go into the Room and wake His Majesty — But I did not sign any Paper, signifying that he did not go in at any Time, when it was thought he might prevent His Majesty’s sleeping.

Whether, at the Time that you gave this Paper to Dr. Warren, you informed Dr. hat you would

not sign any Paper, acknowledging that Dr. Warren had not prevented His Majesty from going to sleep, but that you would only sign a Paper, stating thac Dr. Warren had not waked His Majesty ?

The Paper was offered to me, and I refused to sign it, if it contained any Thing to the Purpose, that Dr. Warren did not go into His Majesty’s Room at a Time when it was probable he might prevent His Majesty going to sleep.

By whom was that Paper drawn up and tendered to

you ?

By Dr. Sir Lucas Pepys.

Are Accounts, usually sent by you to the Relations of your Patients, conceived in as general Terms as those which have been sent to St. James's ?

I fend the Relations Word that they are better, or

worlei

1

29 Geo. III. 13° Janu71

worfej and mention some Particulars — but then that is not often above Once a Fortnight.

Can you recoiled, positively, whether, in the Convention which you had with Dr. Warren Yesterday Sevennight, you did, or did not, ask Dr. Warren, if a Person indisposed Should not say One sensible Word in Twenty-four Hours, and the next Twenty-four Should say but One Word, that he would not say if he was not indisposed, whether Dr’. Warren would not think him better; and whether you can, or cannot, say positively, that Dr. Warren answered. No ?

I can say positively, as well as I can recollect, that Dr. Warren said No, to the Question so put; and I believe the Bystanders remember the fame.

Whether, in the same Conversation, you can, or cannot, say positively, whether you did, or did not, make use of the following ExprelTion to Dr.

rt A certain Great Person will not suffer it (meaning " the Report) to go so, and it will fall upon you ?"

It was not in the same Room, or at the same Time. — I did say so, or something of that Sort, when the Report was drawn up for me to sign, saying, at the same Time, " Why Should we fend up what will be " sent down to be altered ?"

Will you explain to the Committee by whose Authority you so laid, and what your Meaning was in those Words ?

Presuming that the Personage would know from the Pages how His Majesty had passed the Day and Night,

I thought it was not right to fend up a Report which that Personage would not think equal to His Majesty’s present State of Health.

Was that your Meaning in the Words which y6u actually used in that Conversation ?

Entirely so.

What did you mean by the Words, " it will fall of upon you?"

Sir George Baker, the Day before, when His Majesty had not been quite so well, nor had so good a Night, had made a more favourable Report, and therefore I concluded that Personage must think this Report arose from Dr. Warren.

Did Dr. Warren ever inform you, that he ha*d made a written Memorandum of that Conversation, or of any Part of it, or desire you to explain yourself upon the Subject of it ?

Not that I know of — I don’t remember any such Thing.

Do you remember any Order having been put up in the Pages Room, Yesterday Sevennight, or upon any other Day, directing that no Persons Should be admitted into His Majesty’s Room, without the Knowledge of you or your Son ?

I wrote it, and put it up myself.

What was the Reason of your writing, and putting up, such Order ?

Because sometimes a Physician, sometimes a Surgeon, or an Apothecary (for there are Four concerned — I mean Two Surgeons, and Two Apothecaries) did go into the Room, as I thought, at improper Times, and disturb His Majesty; — and, as I thought it my Duty to do to His Majesty what I should think it my Duty to do for any private Gentleman, \ wrote that Order.

Did you put up that Order of your own Authority, and for the Reasons you have now mentioned; or had you any other Authority for putting up that Order, from any Person, and whom ?

The Lord Chancellor ordered me to do that which should prevent any Body’s going into the Room

without my COnfent, and was not pleased that I had not done it before.

Had you explained to the Chancellor your Reasons for thinking that it would be proper, with respect to His Majesty’s Health, that such an Order Should be given ?

I suppose I did, in Conversation, think it necessary that People Should be prevented from going in and disturbing His Majesty.

Have any of the Physicians, who attended His Majesty, suggested any Complaints to you, that such Order has prevented them from seeing His Majesty at proper Times ?

I don’t remember that they have.

Have any other Persons suggested to you, that they have, been prevented from seeing His Majesty ?

I don’t remember that they have.

Did you ever inform the Physicians, that any Persons had improperly ^intruded into His Majesty’s Apartment ?

I don’t remember that I did.

When did the Lord Chancellor give you the Directions, in consequence of which you put up that Paper ?

I really don’t remember the Time; but, more than once, the Chancellor has mentioned the Necessity of keeping any Persons from going into His Majesty’s Room without some Limitation.

Do you know upon what Grounds the Chancellor thought it necessary to repeat the Necessity of this Precaution ?

I can't remember; it was in Conversation, 1 suppose.

Are you quite sure you cannot recollect when, or where, you had the last Conversation with the Chancellor on this Subject, before you put up that Order ?

I am very sure I can’t fix the Time, but I believe the Place was my own Room at Kew.

Was it before, or after, the Dispute with Dr. Warren, on Friday the 2d Instant ?

I believe before. I don’t know that I have seen the Chancellor since Friday the 2d Instant.

Was it a Day or Two before, or long before ?

I do not remember at all} nor do I remember whether it was the last Time I talked with the Chancellor.

Have you any Memorandum, relative to this Fact, in your Journal ?

Yes.

When did you make that Memorandum?

The very Morning; within a Quarter of an Hour.

On what Day was it that you wrote and put up that -Order ?

I don’t know. I believe the Order itself is dated, but I am not sure. The Journal will ascertain the Date.

Have you kept a regular Journal of Occurrences since you attended His Majesty at Kew ?

I have, from about the 6th or’7th Day, I believe, of my Attendance.

Is that Order up now ?

1 believe so. Sir Lucas Pepys said he saw it Yesterday Morning.

When His Majesty read a Page or Two, and made very good Remarks upon it, whether the Books and the Pages were of His Majesty’s own Selection, or 5 whether

whether they were put into His Hands, and pointed out by you ?

Particularly by His own Selection.

Whether, at the Time, His Majesty read the Pages aloud, to be heard by Dr. Willis, or tohimself?

Aloud; nor could I know, if he did not read aloud.

Whether His Majesty has done this Once, Twice, or several Times'? *

Many Times in a Day, as I understand; and on more Days than One in the last Six or Seven Days.

I have now been absent a great Part of several Days.

Can you remember the last Time you heard His Majesty read One or Two Pages ?

Last Night He did.

Did you hear Him yourself last Night ?

Yes.

Whether you have observed, in your Attendance on His Majesty, that His Eye-fight is at all affected by His present Malady ?

Not that I know of.

Whether, when you or your Son was not present, you have been informed by any of the King’s Physicians, Surgeons, or Apothecaries, that His Majesty has read with Attention, and remarked with Judgment, upon the Objedfs which He had read ?

I think I have heard so by Dr. Pepys; but I think I have heard from several Persons that they have, at Times.

What State was His Majesty in this Morning ?

I came away before He was up.

What State was His Majesty in going to Bed last Night ?

Very quiet.

Whether His Majesty continued, to thfc Time of His going to Bed, to shew Signs of the same Attention and Power of Reflection, as in the Instance of reading in the Manner mentioned by you ?

Yes, to the Time I left Him, which was about Half part Ten; and I understood from the Pages, that He went to Bed immediately after.

Whether any Thing of a contrary Nature was intermixed, during the Time you was with His Majesty Yesterday Evening?

1 can’t say there did.

Whether you observe that the King’s Mind is in a better State in the Evening before He goes to Bed, or in the Morning ?

1 think His Majesty is never so well in a Morning getting up, nor for an Hour afterwards.

How long was you with His Majesty Yesterday Evening ?

I believe, in all, about One Hour and a Half; but I went several Times out of the Room.

Whether any other Physician or Medical Person has been in the Room when His Majesty has either read, or attended to reading, in your Presence ?

I think Dr. Pepys was Twice; I am not sure whether there was any other; I am not sure whether Dr. Gijlornev/zs in the Room last Night, while His Majesty was reading.

Whether at any, and at what, Distance of Time after H is Majesty has read, or attended to reading, in the Manner described. His Majesty has conversed with you on the Subjects He has either read or heard read ?

Very frequently, sometimes several Hours; for I believe His Majesty never forgets what He reads.

Whether, on any subsequent Day, His Majesty has conversed with you upon what has been before read ?

Several Days after; and I think His Majesty can give as good an Account of any Book, or Subject in a Book, that He has read, either since His Illness or before, as to the Morality and Truth of it, as most People can, I think.

Whether you have found it necessary to use Coercion more or less frequently within the last Fortnight, than you did in the preceding Fortnight ?

Much less frequently, and not now for nearly a Week.

Are you, upon Recollection, sure of this Fatt?

I am sure of it.

Whether the Circumstance of His Majesty’s having read, and attended to reading as above stated, is, in your Opinion, a clear and decisive Symptom either of Convalescence actually approaching, or of a very speedy Recovery ?

I look upon it at the Time as Convalescence itself, and certainly a Sign of His Majesty’s Recovery; but I won’t pretend to say how soon.

What do you consider as Convalescence ?

Acting properly upon the Business you are engaged in.

Whether the rcfreshing Sleep His Majesty has had, has been natural Sleep, or Sleep procured by Medicine or other Means ?

No Medicine has been ordered for the Purpose, and no Means but that of having His Majesty go to Bed as quietly as you can.

Whether any other Physician attending His Majesty has ever suggested to you the Idea of pleasing or displeasing any Great Personage, as a Motive to induce you to sign any Report of His Majesty’s Health, more or less favourable than the actual Circumstances then warranted in your Opinion ?

I know not of any such.

Whether, during the favourable Intervals in which you have observed His Majesty, you have remarked that His Majesty had reflected upon the Nature of His Illness ?

At some Times I think He has, but rather seems to avoid hinting any Thing of it.

Have you observed that it has depressed His Spirits, so as.to retard His Cure ?

I can’t suppose that it has retarded His Cure or depressed His Spirits, for I am not sure that He is sensible of it — -He only hinted at it.

Are you sure His Majesty will recover ?

It would be presumptuous for any Man to say he was sure, in the same of any One whatever, or in any Disorder.

What Degree of Confidence or Hope have you upon the Subject ?

I have the greatest Hopes, from what I have already seen of His Majesty’s Amendment.

Have you any Doubt of His Recovery ?

I must doubt of every Thing that has not come to pass.

Is your Confidence such as to say you scarcely entertain a Doubt ?

It is.

Then that is now the State of your Mind upon that Subject ?

I have already said so.

In Answer to a Question before put to you, " Whe-

ther.

73

zg Geo. III. 130 Januani,

" ther, the several Circumstances of His Majesty’s Cate, which have fallen under your Observation, *« or come to your Knowledge* being duly attended *« to, you in your Conscience think that the Chance *« of His Majesty’s Recovery is greater, or less, or as good, as it Was when you was examined before " the former Committee ?*’ Whether you remember having answered " Much greater ?"

I did say so, and I say so still.

Whether you recollect this Question being put to you by the former Committee, and your Answer upon it:

"What Hopes has Dr. Willis of His Majesty's. f* Recovery ?"

I have great Hopes of His Majesty's Recovery. *f If it were any other Person but His Majesty, I " should scarce entertain a Doubt: When His Majesty reflects upon an lllness of this Kind, it may *f depress His Spirits, and retard His Cure, more. than a common Person" i

I do.

Dr* Willis having, in his former Examination, declared his Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery to be such, that if His Majesty was a common Person, he Should scarce entertain a Doubt} but that His Majesty’s reflecting upon an lllness of that Kind' might depress His Spirits, and retard His Cure more than a common Person and Dr. Willis having now stated to the Committee, that he has no Reason to think that His Majesty’s Spirits have been depressed, or His Cure retarded, by His having reflected upon His Ijl-ness, or that He has so reflected; and having stated also to this Committee, that he has, in his Conscience, Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery, much greater than he had when he was examined before the former Committee t Dr. Willis is deftred to say, what that Confidence is, which is much greater, with respect to His Majesty's Recovery, than a State of Mind which scarcely entertains a Doubt f

As in the same of a common Patient, the Symptoms are greatly abated, and therefore greater Hopes of His Recovery. As to His particular Station in Life, from my Knowledge of His Majesty’s Sense of Religion, I have greater Hopes that He will, with a proper Resignation, reflect upon what it has pleased God to have affii&ed Him with.

Then do you mean that the Committee should understand that your Apprehensions, with respect to the Consequences of His Majesty’s reflecting upon His lllness, are not the same as when you was examined before the former Committee ?

They are not so great, for the Reason I have given.

Whether Dr. Reynolds was not by at the Convention between you and Dr. Warren, in which you used the Words, it will fall upon you " ?

Possibly he might j I believe he was.

Did Dr. Reynolds join in the Objection made by Dr. Warren to the proposed Alteration in the Report which was then in Question ?

Dr. Reynolds said nothing} and I have been used a good deal to stand alone in that Sort of Confutation.

Did you hear from Dr. Reynolds at that Time, or afterwards, that Dr. Reynolds did agree to the Alteration proposed ?

1 don’t remembey any Thing of it.

Withdrew.

Vol. XLIV.

Luna, ta* die Janudril 1789.

The Reyerend Doctor Francis Willis again Called in, and examined.

Whether, when you signed Accounts, at the De* . lire of Dr* Warren, and by the Persuasion of Sir Luca.s Pepys, less favourable than the Circumstances

of the King’s Health would have warranted-, you thought that Difference to be a mere Dispute about Words?

I signed no Account, that I know of, by Sir Lucas Pepys' Persuasion — what I signed by his Persuasion was, that Dr, Warren had not waked His Majesty;.

Whether you did at any Time, or at any Person’a Desire or Persuasion, sign Reports less favourable than the Truth would have warranted, concerning the State of His Majesty's Health ?

Not by any Persuasion, that I know of, but in my own Mind, rather than have any Dispute about it. ’

Was it to prevent a Dispute originally, or to put an End to the Continuance of a Dispute ?

As it did not at all respect His Majesty’s Cure, and we had had Disputes about Words before, I did not then think it worth while to have any for the future.

Do you think that the Truth or Ealfehood of a Report, signed by the King’s Physicians, for the Information of His Subjects, to be of no more Consequence than a Dispute about Words ?

It really struck me so then, and I am not at all affected with it now.

Whether or no you have not given to Her Majesty, and to the Ladies who have the Honour to be about Her Person, more exact Accounts, according to your Opinion, and of a more consolatory Nature ?

1 have always given them the Truth, to the best of my Opinion.

Whether those Accounts were in FaCfc of a more fa* vourable Nature?

The Report that was made to the Public, is from the Appearance of His Majesty in the Morning, when the Symptoms have ever been less favourable; the Accounts to the Ladies attending Her Majesty have been frequently in the Day, and therefore, taking the whole Account of the 24 Hours, it must appear much more favourable.

Is it true, that the Report sent to James's does only include the State of His Majesty’s Health as it appears in the Morning, and does not extend to the Night and the preceding Evening and Day ?

It enters into no Particulars of any, except quiet or disturbed State, and Sleep, and that in stating the Whole together j it cannot be so particular as those given to Her Majesty every Hour concerning His Majesty’s Health, which She must be very anxious to enquire after.

Question repeated.

I think several Times the Report might have said, that His Majesty had passed several Hours, the preceding Day, in many Respects better than He had done the Day before. As far as quiet, or not quiet, the Account does include what passed in the preceding Evening and Day — it would not be particular enough to satisfy me whether He was either better or worse.

Whether, taken as a general Report, without en-

U tering

74 i 3° Janu1789.

tcring into Particulars, it is more or less favourable to the State of the King’s Health than the Truth would warrant ?

To the best tff my Judgment, less favourable.

Is it, then, less favourable than the general Result which might be drawn from all the Circumstances of the different Accounts which you give to the Ladies attending Her Majesty ?

Yes, I think it is.

On what Occasion, and for what Purpose, did you sign the Certificate relative to the Transaction of that Day, in which you was informed that Dr. Warren had prevented His Majesty from (leeping ?

A good-natured Purpose, and on the Paper being offered me to sign, and being allured that it would hurt Dr. Warren's Character if I did not.

At the Time of signing that Certificate, did you explain to Dr. Warren,or Sit Lucas or to any other Person then present, the Distinction and Refer-vation which you have now mentioned to this Committee ?

Yes, very particularly to both Dr. Warren and Sir Lucas Pepys — Whether any Body else was by I do not remember.

Whether you called in any of the Physicians attending on His Majesty, or the Surgeons or Apothecaries, or any other Persons than those of your own Family and the Pages, to be Witness of the Circumstances which you have described as appearing on Friday Evening last ?

I did not.

Whether your Purpose, in excluding any Persons from coming to His Majesty, except by your own Per-miftion, does not arise from an Apprehension that the Appearance of such Persons might excite troublesome Emotions ?

Very certainly.

Whether you have ever consulted the Registers of public Hospitals, or other Houses for the Reception of Patients labouring under this Malady ?

I never did. Hospitals take in Patients, and call them thus indisposed. Numbers of them have been foindisposed for Years, perhaps, and they do not give you any Account of the particular Symptoms of the Malady when taken into the Hospital.

As Dr. Willis has said, that the Circumstance of Persons going into His Majesty’s Room may excite troublesome Emotions; whether his Experience enables him to say that such Emotions do, or do not, in general Cafes, retard the Cure of the Patient ?

In my Opinion, very much.

Will you inform the Committee, whether, after duly attending to every Circumstance which you have related to the Committee, and all other Circumstances which have fallen under your Observation, or have come to your Knowledge, respecting His Majesty’s Cafe, and judging from Fatts and Experience derived from your own Practice, you have, or have not, greater Hopes of His Majesty’s Recovery than when you was examined before the former Committee ?

Much greater Hopes.

Whether the State of the Weather, or the Season of the Year, has any Effect upon Patients labouring under this Disorder ?

The State of the Weather, preventing His Majesty from taking Exercise, and keeping up a proper Perfpi-ration, in my Opinion, has had a Tendency to retard His Majesty’s Recovery.

Has His Majesty taken any Exercise from the Time of your Attendance on Him ?

None, for about a Month; before that Time I think He walked out Twice.

Withdrew.

Doctor Gijborne again called in, and examined.

Was you at Kew on Friday Night last ?

Yes.

Whether you saw the King in the Course of that Evening ?

Yes.

At about what Hour ?

From 8 to 10, I think.

Did you play at Piquet with the King ?

Yes.

Did the King play in a steady recolledled Manner ?

Moderately so.

Did He play as a Man in mental Health would play ?

Certainly not so well as that.

Were there, in the Course of Play, frequent Signs of the Continuance of His Majesty’s Disorder?

I have said, in Answer to a former Question, that the material Changes in His Majesty’s Situation, I, think, are a better State of Health, and more Quietness in His Manner. I think that is an Answer. There were Signs of the Continuance of His Majesty’s Disorder.

Whether you was present at any reading with His Majesty ?

No, He did not read while I was present.

Have you at any Time observed, that your goiag into His Majesty’s Room has been a Cause of any Irritation ?

I think less with me than with others.

Do you know that the going in of any of His Majesty’s Physicians, other than Dr. Willis, or the going in of Surgeons or Apothecaries, has been a greater Cause of Irritation than the going in of Dr. Willis or his Son ?

I think those He fees the oftenest irritate Him the least.

Was you present at the Time when Dr. H'iUis seemed to impute a Disturbance of His Majesty to the imfeasonable going in of Dr. Warren ?

I remember Dr. Willis’s saying, he thought the going in of us together irritated His Majesty.

Were you ever present when Dr. Willis did at any Time impute to Dr. Warren, his having gone in so as to prevent His Majesty’s sleeping?

I don’t remember his saying so.

Withdrew.

Doctor Warren again called in, and examined.

Have you seen the King Today ?

Yes.

In what State did you find His Majesty this Morning, and what Account had you of the anteceding Day ?

I found His Majesty in a very irritated State this Morning, and was informed that He has had, in the Whole, but Five Hours Sleep in the Three last Nights — that having had no Sleep at all, or very little, the Night before last, it was proposed to give Him something last Night to compose and quiet Him — such a Medicine was written down, but was not given Him.- — It was proposed YesterJay to carry His Majesty

29 Geo. III. 136 Januarii. 7$

jesty out to take the Air — I was not informed that this was mentioned in the Consultation in the Morning, but I was informed by Dr. Willis, that His Majesty’s Pulse was Yesterday 120 in a Minute — I was likewise informed that He had lain all Night under Coercion, and had sweated a great deal. Some prudent Person advised His Majesty Should not be carried out to take the Air — I have Reason to think that the Pulse became quieter in the Course of the Day. — I found it this Morning between 106 and 108 in a Minute, and observed Marks of Fever on His Majesty’s Tongue. Dr. John Willis told me that he had promisea to carry His Majesty out Today, and desired me to consider, whether the not complying with His Expectations might not irritate Him a great deal. — I was sorry that He had had Rich a Promise; I was ne-ccffitated to take the least of Two Evils, and advised that His Majesty Should not be carried out, the Thermometer being 17, as I am informed, below the freezing Point} and particularly, as Dr. Willis has always observed, that keeping the Pores open always does His Majesty great Good. His Majesty this Morning suffered me to come from Him with great Difficulty, and could not easily be prevailed upon by me to let go my Hand.

When did you fee His Majesty Jaefore ?

The Day before Yesterday — on Saturday Morning.

In what State was He then ?

His Majesty had some Fever then — Pulse between 80 and 90, I believe, but was very irritable; could not be kept to the same Object for any Space of Time — tried to play at Cards with me, but could not, and shewed many strong Marks of His Distemper.

Whether you have ever observed, upon your going in to His Majesty, that His Majesty’s Irritation was increased by your Presence, and whether He has shewn any Signs of Dislike to you ?

His Majesty in general receives me with Eagerness — thinks He has something peculiar to say to me, and frequently proposes to confer Favours upon me} He has done so this Morning,

Whether His Majesty has ever shewn any Signs of Dislike towards you ?

Not lately} but His Majesty sometimes mixes Marks of Dislike with Marks of Favour; but in general those of Favour are greatly predominant.

Since what Time have you chiefly observed Marks of Favour to predominate ?

I don’t recoiled any Mark of Disfavour at any particular Time. I was in great Disfavour at — it continued for some Time after His Majesty came to Kew — it began to diminish soon after Dr. Willis came} I gradually grew into great Favour, and remain so at present, excepting that sometimes He has found Fault with me for bringing Him from but

at another Time told me, I did right in bringing Him from Windsor -, and perhaps found some other Faults, but not lately, that I know of — This is the Progress, to the best of my Recolledlion.

Have you heard that His Majesty has been more irritated by the coming in of His Majesty’s ordinary Physicians. Surgeons, or Apothecaries, in a greater Degree than by the coming in of Dr. Willis and his Sons ?

Not that I know of; I have never been so informed.

Whether the Presence of any Object, which tends to excite strong Emotions in His Majesty's Mind, is favourable, or otherwise, to His Recovery ?

Unfavourable.

Has there, in Fad, been any Introduction of Persons, to your Knowledge, which had a Tendency to

excite such Emotions, and to produce such Irritations ?

Yes. — I Should like to give an Account of the First Consultation we Ind with Dr. Willis. — The Day that I introduced Dr. Willis to the King, I summoned the rest of His Majesty’s Physicians to a Consultation at my House. — It was there first settled as a Principle, that Quiet of Body and Mind were to be endeavoured to be obtained by every Means possible; and that every Thing Should be carefully kept from His Majesty that might tend to prevent this desirable Acqui-fition. — It was settled that a regular Coercion Should be made use of — that every Thing Should be kept from His Majesty that was likely to excite any Emotion — that though His Majesty had not shewn any Signs of an Intention to injure Himself, yet that it was absolutely necessary, considering the sudden Impulses to which His Distemper subjects People, to put every Thing out of the Way that could do any Mif-chief. — To all this Dr. Willis assented — yet the very next Day he put a Razor into His Majesty’s Hand, and a Penknife. — When I saw the Doctor next, I asked him how he could venture to do such a Thing — he said, he shuddered at what he had done. — As he made use of this Expression, I did not think it necessary to say much to him upon the Subject. — On the 12th of December, as I apprehend, the King took a

Walk in the Garden, and some of the Royal Children were shewn to him — this produced a considerable Emotion, which was accompanied with Acts demonstrating that Emotion, as I was informed, to the best of my Memory, by Mr. Keate. — notwithstanding this Effect of seeing the Children, Dr. Willis, the next Day, introduced that Person, whose great and amiable Qualities we all know mult necessarily make Her the dearest and tenderest Object of His Majesty’s Thoughts: — The Interview was Short: His Majesty was soon afterwards in a great State of Irritation, and the strict Coercion was, 1 believe, for the first Time, actually applied that Night — the Blisters were put on that Night likewise. The next Time that I saw Dr. Willis, I spoke to him upon this Subject with some Degree of Sharpness, because it was contrary to my Opinion, and contrary to what had been settled in Confultation} for it had been settled, that whatever could be done by Deliberation, Should be referred to Consultation; that the Conduct of His Majesty, in the interior Room, Should be left to Dr. Willis's Dif> cretion, because it did not admit of Deliberation. — I don’t know that I convinced the Doctor that his Opinion was wrong, but that the Act was contrary to what was laid down in Consultation could not be denied. — I was always considered, by the highest Authority, as the First Physician, and therefore thought myself particularly responsible: I thought myself obliged to look into, and to enquire after every Thing that related to His Majesty: I did not suppose myself in a different Situation upon the Arrival of Dr. Willis, and therefore took the Liberty of speaking to him with some Degree of Authority. — I remember, when his Three Attendants arrived, I sent for them into the Physicians Room, examined them very carefully, particularly as to the Temper with which they conducted themselves towards those whom they attended, and spoke to them, as they were Strangers to me, in such a Manner as to let them know that their Conduct would be strictly observed. — My being First Physician made me talk to Dr. Willis about every Thing that I heard of, that did not appear to me to be quite accurate, and sometimes led to Disputes. — I informed the Doctor, that he was there in a double Capacity, as Physician, and Attendant on His Majesty in the interior Room — that I mull take my Share in directing whatever related to Him in the Capacity of Physician, though I Should not interfere with respect to the Conduct of His Majesty in the interior Room. —

Not

76 >3* 5

Not many Days after this Transaction I observed a Book in His Majesty’s Hands, which affected me much, and immediately determined me to bring a Charge against Dr. Willis, for what I thought bad Practice. I do not mean to bring the Story this Book as a Fault, because I believe there was no Intention to convey such a Book to His Majesty: It was the Play of King Lear, not in a Volume of -Jpeare, but it was a corrected , by Colman, and mixed with his Plays. I can have no Reason to think, that Dr. Willis could suspect that such a Play was in that Volume. 'His Majesty told me that Dr. Willis brought him the Book, and Dr. Willis did not deny it, when I spoke to him on the Subject. — I don't bring this as a Fault, but it was the Circumstance that determined me to put in Execution what I had been thinking of before, with respect to Dr.; for His Majesty’s Observation on the Book affected me strangely. I carried an Account of this to the Prince of Wales, and he desired me, as he had done in every same of Difficulty that had happened, from the Beginning of the Illness, to lay the Affair before the Lord Chancellor. The Lord Chancellor went to Kew, 1 believe; and the Result was, when I saw the Lord Chancellor, that the Rules of the Consultation Should be strictly obeyed. — Dr. Willis has, a Second Time, introduced the same great and amiable Person.

I was informed, that some Degree of Irritation came on in the Night; but having collected, as 1 thought, from several small Circumstances, that the Power of introducing Persons to His Majesty was to be left entirely to Dr. Willis, 1 did not make any Complaint about it.

Can you ascertain the Time of the last Interview ?

I cannot.

What Time of Day was the first Interview ?

I apprehend the first Interview was in the Evening — and that the Interview happened, not only without confuting His Majesty’s Physicians collectively, but that Dr. Gijborne, who was in the House that Evening, and fitting in the Anti-Chamber when the Introduction took Place, was not consulted upon the Occasion.

Do you know who were present at the Interview ?

I think I was informed, Dr. Gijborne was in some Part of the Time, if not all.

How soon after the Interview did His Majesty’s State of Irritation take Place ?

I cannot tell, but 1 apprehend a little before, or soon after, He went to Bed: I do not know the exact Time of the Interview.

Had you any particular Account of that Interview, or of the Effect which it produced at the Time ?

If 1 mistake not, Dr. Willi informed me it lasted about Five Minutes — that, during that Five Minutes, every Thing passed agreeably, but that something was then said, that induced Dr. to put an End to

the Visit.

Had you any Account of the Circumstances or Motives which led to that Interview ?

I had no Account previous to the Interview. — Afterwards, in talking upon the Subject with Dr. Willis, he mentioned his Motives, or Reasons, for thinking the Interview would be of Service; which 1 could not agree to.

Whether you recollect the Circumstances which attended your waiting upon His Majesty, upon a particular Day, concerning which it has been since said, that you prevented His Majesty from going to sleep?

I never could accurately learn what Day was fixed — I have only had a Suspicion of the Day. — I wish to have a Day fixed, that I may meet the Charge.

Was there any Day on which Dr. seemed to

anuariu . 1789.

be peculiarly solicitous to prevent, or delay* your going in to the King ?

1 do not recoiled any such Day.

Do ydu recollect any Converfatlort you had With Dr. Willis concerning the King's being asleep, dr disposed to sleep, at a Time when you was going in , to His Majesty ?

I remember a Morning When Dr. Willis said, His Majesty had had a bad Night, which I' myself had been acquainted with by asking the Page, as I passed by the King’s Anti-Chamber, the Door of which I opened as 1 was going into the Physicians Room. — *

In the Physician’s Room I mentioned that I had learnt the King had had a Very bad Night, but was then fallen asleep*- — I fat down, and what Discourse passed between me and Dr. Willis then, about the Night, I don’t know — "a few Words only. — The Doctor soon went out of the Room, and when he returned, said,

" That the King was not sleeping, for that He spoke.'*

— I got up, the attending Physician of the Day with me, and walked towards Dr. went together

through the Anti-Chamber ;*--when I arrived at the Door of His Majesty’s Bed-Room, Dr. Willis said,

" You may open the Door," a Circumstance that I don’t recoiled ever to have happened to me before — somebody else generally opening the Door; — when 1 opened it, I found that the Room was dark — I stepped forwards very slowly; as fooh as I had gone the Width of the Door I was visible to His Majesty* The Door being open. His Majesty immediately ad* dressed himself very pointedly to me, saying, I am glad to fee you," and adding His Wilh to be relcafed from the State He was then In, which was a State of Coercion. I hefuated; went one Step back to look for Dr. Willis, who was standing very near me* 1 said something to the Doctor, and he immediately replied, in Substance, that if His Majesty complained I might comply with His Request. In consequence of which it was done, by my Desire. I staid but a Abort Time with His Majesty, and, as 1 was walking back, I said,

I had some Doubts whether the complying with " His Majesty’s Request was not improper, for He

is in a very irritated State." Dr. Willis said, " His Majesty will rife presently, and then w shall be " able to do without Coercion."

Whether Dr. Willisexpressed, at that Time, any

Displeasure at what you had done, or represented to you any Mischief that he conceived likely to ensue from it ?

Not that I remember.

On what Occasion did any Discourse arise, concerning any Certificate subscribed by Dr. Willis, relative to a Tfanfadion in which His Majesty’s Sleep had been prevented or interrupted ?

The Story was so absurd, that I never gave myself the Trouble of confuting it* Sir Lucas said, the Story would do me a great deal of Harm. I told him, I did not value it, or some such Expression. notwithstanding which, without any Intimation from me on the Subject, he wrote down a Paper, without my knowing what it was about, till he was very near the End of it, and in a Minute or Two more shewed it to Dr. Willis, who came into the Room about tliac Time, and said, that he had no Objection to signing of it. I never considerea it of any Importance, nor do I now.

Do you recoiled, that a Paper was offered to Dr. Willis, and that he refused to sign it, if it contained any Thing to the Purpose, that you did not go into His Majesty’s Room at a Time that it was probable you might prevent His Majesty going to sleep ?

I apprehend the Doctor said something upon that Subject after it was signed.

3 k»o

29 Geoj IIL

Do you recollect any Thing further upon that Subject ?

After it was over, I said to Dr. , I would not tell you that I had done you a Civility this Morning, while this Thing was depending, and then mentioned it to him.

Do you recollect any Conversation relative to your saying you was a Spy upon them all ?

I do, and I am very glad this Circumstance was mentioned. — I went upon a certain Morning, immediately after my Arrival at into the Anti-

Chamber, and alked the Page how His Majesty did? he replied, that He had had a very bad Night, was just then fallen asleep, and you must not go in — You know, said I, that I am a Spy, and must fee the King; — I did not mean then; and went immediately to the Physicians Room. — This was spoken in a very good-natured Manner, and meant no more, than that I, from my Situation, was an Inspector. — Will the Committee please to consider, whether any Man, who meant to be a Spy, ever told it of himself ?

Have any violent Disputes ever existed between His Majesty’s Physicians, concerning the Method of His Medical Treatment ?

No, if you mean the Medicines, so far as I know.

Have any Disputes arisen between any of the Physicians among themselves (the Disputes with Dr. Willis excepted) concerning any Part of His Treatment ?

Never.

Do you recollect whether Dr. Willis remonstrated against the Use of Blisters, as supposing them improper in this Cafe, or dangerous ?

On the contrary, the Doctor spoke highly in Commendation of Blisters in similar Disorders.

Do you recollect any Person that was present at this Discourse ?

I believe all the Physicians can speak to his holding this Language — some. of them cap, I certainly know — Dr. Gijborne, Sir Lucas Pepys, Dr. Reynolds,

and probably Sir George Bak.

Whether, upon the whole Consideration of His Majesty’s Cafe, from your own Observation, and the bell Information you can collect, His Majesty is mended, in His particular Disorder, lince you were first examined before this Committee ?

No; He was more disturbed Part of Yesterday, and the Night before, from the Information that I received, and is so this Morning, than I usually fee Him.

Whether, in the Report sent to St. James's, the Words " tranquil," " quiet," " calm," " pomposed," and the like, are meant by you, so far as you have signed them, to express any Amendment in the King’s peculiar Malady, or a different State of Temper, the fame, or considerable Symptoms of Derangement existing ?

The Words are not meant by me to express any Amendment of the important Complaint.

Has any Influence, Command, Direction, or Persuasion, been used to you, from any Person whatsoever, to represent His Majesty’s same in a less favourable Light than it appeared to you upon your own Judgment I Certainly not.

When Dr. Warren was examined before this Committee on Thursday last, was he acquainted at that Time with the several Circumstances of Dr. Willis's Conduct which he has this Day Hated to the Committee, as having excited Irritation in His Majesty ? Yes.

Vol. XLIV.

11

Whether the Paper which you received from Dr. Willis was, in Point of Fa<ft, according tO the bell of your present Recollection, an Acknowledgment that you had nbt waked His Majesty, or an Acknowledgment that you had not prevented Him from going to sleep ?

I must refer to the Paper; I can hardly say that I read it with Accuracy — but I am ready to fend the Paper here.

Whether, upon that Morning in which you say, that you used the Words in the Sense in which you have explained them, relative to your being a Spy, you recoiled being desired by Mr. , or Mr.

Compton, or Dr. Willis, not to go into His Majesty’s Room ?

I certainly heard no such Words at the Time I was going into the Room; I have already related what I heard fr9in the Page, when I first went into the Anti-Chamber, at my Arrival at Kew*

Did you, according to the Rule which on Thursday last you Hated to the Committee you had made ever since Dr. Willis came, not'to go in without alking the Doctor or his Son whether it was a proper Time, alk the Doctor or his Son, on that Morning, whether it was a proper Time for you to go in ?

No, I did not; but, upon the Doctor’s observing that the King was awake, I took it for granted that this shewed tjiat it was a proper Time for my going into the King’s Room.

Was there any particular Necessity for your going in that Morning ?

The same Necessity there always was, together with the Circumstance of its having been a bad Night.

Whether the Circumstances which you have mentioned, of the Increase of Irritation, the Quickness of Pulse, ana the other Symptoms, as having been observed or learnt by you since you were last examined by this Committee, produce any material Alteration in the Opinion which you have before Hated to this Committee respecting the Probability of His Majesty’s Recovery ?

No.

Upon what Ground was your Opinion of Recovery founded ?

By Calculation.

Withdrew.

Sir George Baker again called in, and examined.

When did you last fee His Majesty ?

Yesterday Morning.

Will you inform the Committee in what State His Majesty was then, and had been in the Day preceding, according to your own Observations, and the best Information you have received ?

According to the Information which I received, H is Majesty had parted the preceding Afternoon quietly; that He had had a very restless Night, without any Sleep; that from Six o’Clock to Eight in the Morning He was very much disturbed. When I visited His Majesty, He talked for about a Minute a little consistently, but then went into a total Alienation.

How long did you stay with His Majesty ?

Perhaps about Twenty Minutes — I cannot say with Accuracy.

Do you, from what you have observed on this and' former Occasions, believe His Majesty to have been, at any Time lately, capable of reading a Book, with Attention and Observation, for any Length of Time, together ?

From what I have observed lately, I do not con-

X ccive

130 Janu

78 13° Januarii.

ccive that His Majesty has been capable of reading a Book, for any Length of Time, with Attention and Observation.

Whether, when you observed the first Symptoms of His Majesty’s Disorder, on the 22d of you

communicated your Apprehensions to any Person ?

I communicated my Apprehensions by a Note to the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

To any other Person ?

No, not that Night, except to Mr. P. Hawkins.

When did you communicate your Apprehensions to the Chancellor of the Exchequer ?

The 22d of October.

Do you recollect the Circumstances of that Communication to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or any Thing that parted in Consequence ?

The Terms of the Communication were, " Sir George Baker is sorry to acquaint Mr. Pitt, that he has just left His Majesty in an Agitation of Spirits " bordering on Delirium." In consequence of that Communication, Mr. Pitt called on me, on Thursday the 23d of October, about Two o’Clock in the Morning, I believe, after I was gone to Bed. It was Twelve o’Clock when I came Home, and I sent the Note to Mr. Pitt immediately after. — I endeavoured to give Mr. Pitt a more full Account of what I had observed.

Do you recoiled being asked, in that Conversation, if you thought, under the Circumstances you had mentioned, it was prudent that His Majesty Should be left that Night without any Physician, or something to that Effect ?

I do not recoiled any Thing of the Kind.

Do you recoiled mentioning, after some Conversation on the particular Circumstances of His Majesty’s Situation at that Time, that Mr. Hawkins the Surgeon was in the House, or next Door, and that you thought that fully sufficient ?

I do recoiled that I told Mr. Pitt that Mr. Hawkins and 1 had talked about bleeding His Majesty, and that we waited some Time in Consideration of that, before I left the House; but we found no Alarm had been taken by any of the Family, and that if any Difficulty occurred in the Night, Mr. Hawkins would naturally be sent for, and in an Hour, or an Hour and an Half, I could come to His Majesty.

Whether you mentioned the Circumstance of the King’s Ulness to any other Person near His Majesty, from that Time to the Time of His next Attack ?

I don’t recoiled that I did. — I must explain that; for when I went the next Morning, I found His Majesty had parted a very quiet Night, and was without Complaint, as I communicated to Mr. Pitt by his Messenger.

Then you did not conceive it necessary, or advisable, to acquaint His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, or any other of the Royal Family, with the Apprehensions you had conceived the Night before?

I did not conceive it necessary to acquaint His Royal Highness with my Apprehensions the Night before, for this Reason only, because I thought I had been mistaken.

Did you, for th&fame Reason, abstain from informing Her Majesty ?

For the same Reason.

Whether Sir George Baker observes any further Degree of Convalefcenee in His Majesty, than when he was last examined before this Committee ?

No Signs of Convalefcenee.

Whether Sir George Bak, duly attending to the

A. 1789.

Circumstances which he has mentioned in his Examination this Evening, does, or does not, in his Conscience, think that the Chance of His Majesty’s Recovery, from His present Indisposition, is as good, or greater, or less, than it was when he was last examined before this Committee ?

It is as good.

Can you define to the Committee the Meaning of the Word " Convalefcenee ?"

Some Degree of Recovery, I suppose, it means. — It does not mean a Recovery, it means something towards a Recovery.

Whether, in any Disorder, any Degree of Amendment would come under the Term " Convalefcenee?"

I think hardly. — In a Fever, if your Pulse was forqewhat quieter Today than Yesterday, I should not say you were Convalescent, but that you were better.

Is it to be understood that a Person may be better, without being Convalescent ?

He certainly may.

When you attended His Majesty Yesterday, what were the Observations you made upon the State of His Majesty’s Pulse, and of the State of His general Bodily Health ?

The State of the Pulse was 84, and as to the State of His Bodily Health, it was much as it had been. — His Majesty is grown extremely thin.

Was there any Fever, or any Thing materially different in the State of His Bodily Health, from what it had been for some Time ?

No, nothing materially different.

Does His Majesty’s general Habit, or His present Disorder, make His Majesty liable to sudden and temporary Variations in the State of His Pulse ?

I do not know the Meaning of the Word Habit but as to the present Disorder, it certainly makes H is Majesty liable to sudden Variations of His Pulse.

I have counted it from 68 to 126, but not within Short Intervals.

Whether you consider some temporary or occasional rational Discourse, a Proof of the Absence of this Malady ?

I do not.

Will you inform the Committee, whether you have, or have not, known many People extremely ill of this Malady, and who have never been cured, that did notwithstanding occasionally use some rational Discourse ?

I have hardly ever seen a Person in that Situation, who cannot occasionally talk rationally.

Whether you do not know Persons in this Malady, who in the Presence of certain Attendants have abstained from those Discourses and Actions which would indicate the Malady ?

Certainly.

How many Persons labouring under this Malady, who had been Three Months ill, have recovered under the foie Care of yourself, during your Life ?

Not one.

Whether a Patient having occasional rational Conversation, while labouring under this Malady, is not more favourable than when that Circumstance is wanting ? r

I like it better; but I am not sure it is more Favourable.

How many Patients have you, in the whole Courfis of your Life, thought it proper to continue under your foie Care, after they had continued Three Months under your foie Care, indisposed in this Malady ?

Twenty, 1 believe.

2 How

ip Geo. III.

How many of those Patients have you cured ?

Noc*One.

Of that Number, which you suppose to be Twenty, are you able to Hate how many of them ultimately did recover ?

I don’t believe any of them. 1

Did those Persons remain under your Care, to the best of your Knowledge, as long as they lived ?

I don’t know that;

Then, do you know whether ultimately they were cui;ed or not ?

I can say nothing at all to some of them*

Can you say under what Care those, to whose same you can say nothing, wete put, after they ceased to be under your Care ?

Some of them have gone into Hospitals, others into* private Houses.

Whether there are particular Symptoms which enable you to state it as your Opinion, that Patients never will be cured ?

When the Disorder degenerates into a State of Fatuity, there are no Hopes of Cure.

Whether it is not common for this Disorder, when it long continues without Cure, to degenerate into such a State ?

Very common.

What is your Opinion of a Calculation, which, under any Management you have hitherto heard of, gives 9 Cures out of io Maladies, provided they are taken into Hand within Three Months after the Commencement of the Disorder ?

As far as I know, from my own Experience, and from the Experience of Dr. , whom I attended formerly, such a Calculation is incredible.

Whether the Eofs of Flesh which you have mentioned, has been attended with Loss of Strength ?

About a Month ago there was no Loss* of Strength — His Majesty has had so little Exercise since, that I can’t judge now.

To what Cause do you attribute the Loss of Flesh ?

To Agitation, and to Perspiration, and less Sleep than usual , those are all the Causes that occur to

79

Do you know any Instance of Dr. Warren, or any other Physician, by improper Interruption disturbing His Majesty’s Rest, or preventing His going to deep ?

I know no such Instance.

Sir George Baker having said, in Answer to a Ques-tien pur to him. That,'duly attending to the several Circumstances which he has mentioned in his Examination this Evening, he does in his Conscience think that the Chance of His Majesty’s Recovery is as good as when he was last examined before this Committee — and several Questions having been addressed to, , and several Answers given by, him since he so declared his Opinion, Does he continue, in his Conscience, to hold the same Opinion, due Regard being had to the several Circumstances referred to in such Questions and Answers ? '

I am of the same Opinion that I was Two Hours ago.

Withdrew.

Sir Lucas Pepys again called in, and examined.

Whether you know any Instance of Dr. , or

any other Physician, by improper Interruption, disturbing His Majesty’s Rest, or preventing Him from going to lleep ?

No Instance.

When did you fee the King last ?

I came from Him this Morning.

In what State did you leave His Majesty ?

Rather quieter than He was last Night j very far from being so calm as I have seen Him.

Have there been, within the last Three Days, great Signs of Fever and Irritation ?

Very considerable.

How has His Majesty been, with respect to Sleep, within that Time ?

From the Report of the Pages, who have fat up for the last Three Nights, it appears that His Majesty has not had above Five or Six Hours Sleep.

A Paper, of which the following is a Copy, was then shewn to Sir Lucas Pepys.

13° Janu

me.

Whether Loss of Flesh, in Cafes of this Sort, affords any Argument as to the Probability of Recovery ?

I think it affords no Argument either Way.

Sir George Baker desired the Two following Questions and Answers, in his Examination on t Xhurjdaylaft, might be read.

*« Has Sir George Baker attended His Majesty " only, or has he been' employed in attending the " Royal Family ?"

A. " Both His Majesty, and also the Royal Family " — I mean the Family at Windsor and at Kew."

Kew House,

Dec* 25th, 1788.

A malicious Report having been industrioully

circulated, that Dr. Warren had gone into His Majesty’s Bedchamber, contrary to the Desire, of

Dr. Willis and the Pages, and then and there, in

a violent Manner, disturbed His Majesty out of

His Sleep, in consequence of which He became

more than usually disturbed — This is to certify that

the Whole of the above Report is not true, and is

merely founded in Malice.

ct ‘Thursday Morning."

£>j " Is Sir George Baker now employed to attend on the Royal Family ?"

A. " Only the King, not the Royal Family."

Sir George Baker then desired that his Answer to the First of those Questions might stand as follows:

" Both His Majesty and the Quean, and the Royal Family residing with their Majesties."

And that his Answer to the Second Question might stand as follows:

" Not on the Royal Family."

This Paper was written by me, and signed by Dr. Willis, upon the 25th of December last.

What Share had Dr. Warren in procuring the drawing-up or persuading the Signature of this Paper?

Having heard frequently of the Report mentioned in this Paper, and conceiving it to be very injurious to his Character, without any Communication with Dr. Warren on the Subject, and whilst Dr. Warren and Dr. Willis were talking in the Room, I haftilf

wrote this Paper, wishing thereby to put an End to all Altercation. I shewed it Dr. Warren, who im* mediately prelected it to Dr. Willis j and I told Dr.

Willis

Willis I conceived he could have no Objection to sign his Name in contradiction to such a malicious Re-

fort: This he readily did, and Dr. Warren thanked im for having so done. — Nothing more passed on the Subject.

Did Dr. Willis, at the Time, make a Distinction between preventing Sleep, and waking from Sleep — refusing to give any Certificate with regard to the preventing, but consenting to this Certificate with regard to the waking — or any Distinctions to that Effect?

No such Distinction was made to me, nor were there any more Words, to the bed of my Recollection, passed on the Subject. What they might say, I don’t know, for I was writing.

Did you desire Dr. Willis to give a Certificate to the former Effect, which he refused ?

No, I never aflted him any more Questions on the Subject.

Was not this Certificate to meet the particular Charges, which you had heard were circulated against Dr. Warren?

Yes.

t

Will you inform the Committee, whether the Report that had been circulated was, to the best of your Information, that Dr. Warren had, in a violent Manner, disturbed His Majesty out of His Sleep — or, that he had prevented Him from going to Sleep ?

I wished, by the Certificate, to meet the Report of Dr. Warren's having disturbed His Majesty while sleeping, which was the Report that was circulated.

Withdrew.

Martis, 13° dieJanuarii 1789.

The Reverend Doctor Francis Willis again called in, and examined.

Do you remember the Time when you were 'first introduced to attend on His Majesty ?

About Friday Five or Six Weeks.

Do you remember at that Time a general Con-fultation of all the Physicians, at which you was present ?

Yes.

Was the Object of that Consultation to settle the general Rules, upon which His Majesty’s same was to be conducted ?

Concerning Medicines in particular.

Was it agreed, at that Time, to keep out of the Way of His Majesty every Thing by which a Person, under His Distemper, might, from sudden Impulse, be induced to injure himself ?

I don’t remember one Word about it: Things of that Sort, I understood, were left to me to judge at the Moment.

Do you remember your having put a Razor and Penknife into the Hands of His Majesty, the Day after the Consultation ?

His Majesty had not been (haved for a long While, perhaps a Fortnight, or Three Weeks; and the Person that had been used to ftiave Him, could not complete the Parts of His upper and under Lips; and, being confident, from the Professions and Humour of His Majesty at that Moment, I suffered His Majesty to (have His Lips Himself; and then He desired He might have His whole Face lathered, that He might just run it over with a Razor; and He did so in a very calm Manner. His Nails also wanted cutting very much; and upon His Assurance, and upon my Confidence in His Looks, I suffered Him to cut

His own Nails with a Penknife while I stood by Him.

----- It is necessary for a Physician, especially 4n such

Cafes, to be able to judge, at the Moment, whether he can confide in the Professions of his Patient; and I never was disappointed in my Opinion, whether the Professions of the Patient were to be relied on or no.

After having attended a Patient for so Short a Time, as you then had His Majesty, have you suffered them to lhave themselves, or cut their own Nails ?

I don’t know particularly as to that; but I have trusted them with a Knife and Fork at as early a Time, I believe.

As both those Operations might have been performed by other People, was there any' particular Reason which induced you to suffer His Majesty to do them Himself?

The Reason was, the great Uneasiness and Distress His Majesty shewed from the Razor going over His Lips, by the Length of the Hair, and the Person not being able to accomplish it.

Had you any Conversation soon after, with Dr. Warren, on the Subject of that Transaction ?

I believe I had, a Day or two after.

What were the Particulars of that Conversation ?

I don’t know, any further than that the Doctor shewed his Surprize that I had suffered His Majesty to perform those two Operations Himself; — upon which I told the Doctor, as I have now mentioned, I believe — that, at the Moment, I was sure those Instruments were very safe in His Majesty’s Hands; but that it had a bad Effect, because His Majesty imagined, from thence, that He might have the Liberty of doing other Things.

Upon Dr. Warren's expressing his Surprize to you, did you say to Dr. Warren, that you (huddered at what you had done ?

I don’t remember any Thing of it.

At the Consultation, to which you-have already referred, was it not a Principle settled among the Physicians, that Quiet of Body and Mind were to be endeavoured to be obtained by every Means possible ?

I believe it was, but I don’t remember any Particulars of it.

Do you recoiled it having been settled at such Consultation, that every Thing Should be kept from H is Majesty that was likely to excite any Emotion ?

I do not remember any; but understood that, as I was in the House for that particular Occasion, I was to use my own Discretion.

Do you recoiled His Majesty to have taken a Walk in the Garden, at Kevo, on a particular Day, early in the Month of December ?

I think His Majesty walked out Two Days fuc-cefiively, early in December.

Was it'about the 12th of December?

I fancy it was there or thereabouts; He walked out but Twice.

On either of those Days, did His Majesty fee any of the Royal Children in the Course of His Walk ?

When He came by the House, the first Day, He looked up at the Windows where the Princesses are generally, and complained very heavily that they would not so much as shew themselves to Him. — In* consequence of which, the next Day, I did desire that they Should appear, and myself flood at the Window, with Two of the Princesses, when His Majesty was coming by; and His Majesty shewed extravagant Joy at the Sight of them, though He Paid, His Eyes did

not

29 Geo. III. 130 Januarii. 81

not suffer Him to fee the Prlncefs Amelia so well as Was it settled at a Confutation that those Blitters

He could wish.

How long were the Priftceffes in His Majesty’s Sight ?

Not many Seconds*

Do you think that this Circumstance, of having seen those Princesses was attended with any material bad Consequences in His Majesty’s State ?

I think quite the contrary.

Do you, or do you not, think that in the Condu£t of such a Cure as that of His Majesty’s Disorder, it is of Use that the Patients Should be gradually, or at ' Times, accustomed to Scenes of an interesting Nature, such as that you have described ?

I am very sure that such Occurrences can scarce be too frequent, as it comforts the Patient to think thac he is with his Family, and that they are affectionate to him; — and upon Enquiries of Patients who have been cured of the same Indisposition, they have always mentioned those'Occurrences having given them the greatest Comfort, and, as they thought, helped very much towards their Recovery.

Is it your Opinion, that suffering His Majesty to continue anxious for a Sight of His Children would have been attended with more, or less. Inconvenience than the Irritation which the seeing of them might occasion I

There would have been more Inconvenience in His not seeing them, from His Anxiety; — for the Irritation occasioned by a Patient seeing his Friends or Relations is entirely overbalanced by the softening him into Tears, which ever leads to Amendment.

Do you consider the observing those Emotions, which may naturally take Place at the Sight of Relations or Friends, as furnishing Grounds judging with regard to the State of the Disorder, or the Probability of Cure ?

Yes, it is a favourable Symptom, if the Patient shews Affediion, instead of Aversion; which latter is very often the Cafe, in those who are not so likely to recover.

Soon after the Occurrence which you have related, had His Majesty an Interview with the Queen ?

I believe in the Evening of that Day, or the Day after — I think so.

How long did that Interview last ?

' A Quarter of an Hour.

Are you of Opinion that this Interview was attended with any prejudicial Consequences, or the Reverse ?

I can form no Opinion whether it was the one or the other, because that that Night Two Blisters were applied to His Majesty’s Legs, which, from the Consequence of them afterwards, I believe, were the Occasion of His having a very bad Night, and that His having seen Her Majesty had no Concern in itj but that is mere Opinion.

Are these the same Blisters which you have already mentioned before this Committee ?

Yes; — there have been no other since I came.

' Are you of Opinion, that the Application of Blisters is a salutary Remedy in Disorders of that Nature ?

I have had the greatest Reason to think so, if they were not applied upon or near the Head.

Was you of Opinion that the Blisters applied to His Majesty’s Legs, on the Evening of the Day when He saw the Queen, was a proper Measure ?

I thought so at that Time, as I understood Two Blisters, that had been applied at , did not

ftiew that they increased His Majesty’s Irritability.

Vol. XLIV.

should be applied ?

Yes.

Was there a Second Interview with the Queen ?

Yes.

When was that ?

It was while His Majesty’s Legs were bad from the Blisters, before they were at all well.

Were there any bad Effects produced from that Interview ?

I don’t know that there were, nor do I know that there were any good, because of the Blisters irritating Him.

Do you recoiled! any particular Circumstance which led you, in addition to your general Reasoning upon the Subject, to wish the King to have an Interview with some of His Family ?

No other than from His great Uneaftness and De-fire to fee them — and the Necessity 1 think there is to have such Occurrences very frequently.

Do you recoiled! any Thing of the King having seen the youngest Princess before He saw the Queen ?

Yes.

When ?

Just before He first saw the Queen.

Did any Thing arise from that Circumstance, which more particularly led to the Interview with the Queen ?

He persuaded the Princess to prOmife Him that Ihe would fetch the Queen.

Did He give any Signs of much Anxiety upon the Subject! of that Request being complied with ?

Very great — insomuch that the Meeting was extremely moving.

Do you recoiled!, among other Books, to have put the Tragedy of King Lear into the Hands of the King ?

His Majesty alked me to give Him the Tragedy of King Lear. I told Him it was improper. He then desired to have Foote’s Plays, and I did

not know that Colman had put out an Edition of King Leary indeed 1 had never read Caiman's Works, ana when I told it to the Chancellor, he told me he was as ignorant of it as I was; and when I was charged by Dr. JVarren for giving His Majesty it, I thought I had not done it, and politively said I had not and, it being the same Day that Dr. Warren had charged me, in a most extraordinary Manner, for writing what I had not, and doing with a.Political View what I did not, I really thought that the Dod!or had charged me as fallely with the one as in the other; and was very much surprised, when I went into the Pages Room, to fee that King Lear was, I think, in the Third Volume of Colman’s Works. But be that as it may, it was of no Consequence, for at that Time His Majesty could not read Three Words in any Book.

Was His Majesty in a very irritated State Yesterday Morning ?

I just saw His Majesty — I left Him about Half past Seven o’Clock, and He was not so then. His Majesty took hold of my Hand, and said, I should not go to London; and complained of my having left Him so much in the last Week.

At that Time did you feel His Majesty’s Pulse ?

1 did.

In what State was it ?

An irritated Pulse — considerably too quick.

Y Had

ot 130 Januariu A, 1789.

Had the King a considerable Fever upon hirri ? Will you inform the Committee, whether you have

nervous I*ever from Irritability, more than from any other Cause, in my Opinion.

Was His Tongue much assessed?

Yes, His Tongue looked white; — but there are Appearances of an Affection of the Nerves from the Tongue, that is rather of a different Nature from that which is from Fever alone — in short, what appears in Hyftcrical Cafes.

How long were you with His Majesty ?

About a Minute; not more.

Had you proposed to carry out His Majesty to take the Air Yesterday, or the Day before ?

1 had an Intention both Days, because such Appearances of Fever as I judged His Majesty’s to be, are to be removed by Amusement, more perhaps than by any Thing else.

Had His Majesty been in a great Perspiration the Night before ?

On the Saturday Night He had j and that was the only Reason that determined me not to take His Majesty out.

What Physician attended on Sunday Morning at Kew ?

Sir George Baker, I think.

Did Sir George Baker and you agree upon the Impropriety of taking His Majesty abroad after such a Perspiration ?

I don’t remember that we said any Thing about it.

At what Time of that Day did you determine against His Majesty’s going out ?

I believe it was about Two o’clock, but I am not sure.

Did you fee His Majesty this Morning ?

I did not — I saw one of the Pages.

.Was you at Kew Time enough to fee Him last Night?

I saw Him go to Bed, and a long while before — He went to Bed extremely. quiet and sensibly, while I was in the Room, last Night — went to sleep a Quarter past Eleven, and waked a Quarter before Seven, as 1 understand from the Page, and one of the Attendants.

After you had permitted the King the Use of a Razor and Penknife, what were the bad Effects that you apprehended from His thinking that he had a Right to do other Things ?

His Majesty took it ill that I would not let him go up Stairs to fee His Family, and many other Things, which I found it would not be prudent to do.

Whether you have flnee continued to indulge His Majesty in the Use of the Razor and the Penknife ?

Never since, either of them, for the Reason I have already given.

Is it only for Fear He Should ask for other Liberties, which you think it proper to refuse Him ?

Yes.

Do you think that the Expedition of the Liberties which the King might call for would be of more Danger to Him than the Use of Razors and Penknives ?

To be sure, because the Refusal would irritate Him much, and increase His Disorder.

Whether you refuse to the King all Indulgences which: may be safely given, left He Should demand -those that ought to be refused ?

I do a great many that may be safely given.

frequently indulged the King in the View of the Royal Children, since the Interview you mention ?

Not once.

Will you inform the Committee, whether, after the first Interview with the Queen, there was not a Remonstrance made to you upon the Impropriety of that Step ?

Yes, there was.

Was it only made to you by the Physicians, or carried further?

Only by the Physicians, as I know of — I had a Conversation with the Chancellor about it, and I told the Chancellor, as I did the Physicians, that I imagined that those Things were left to my Judgment, and to be done, or not, as it appeared best at the present Moment.

Did the Chancellor encourage you in the Use of that Discretion, without Consultation with the Physicians attending on His Majesty ?

The Chancellor told me that I should consult the other Physicians as much a91 could, but that I was to follow my own Line, and do as I had been used to do with Patients at Home.

Whether any other Physician, besides Dr.

expressed his Disapprobation of your, indulging the King in the Use of foarp Instruments, and in affecting Interviews ?

I don’t know any, except Dr. Warren — I don’t remember.

Were any of the rest acquainted with those Circumstances ?

Dr. Gijborne was present at the First Interview with Her Majesty.

How came the Indulgence of the King in the Sight of Two of the Princesses at the Window to be so short, when the King expressed so much Satisfaction. in it ?

I can give no particular Reason for it: His Majesty saw them as He passed along, and made a little Stop i the Window was not open, and they were up Stairs.

What was the Occasion of the Interview with the Prinqefs Amelia ?

His Majesty’s earned Desire, and the Hope that it might have some good Effect.

Whether the Princess Amelia was brought into the King’s Presence, or only foewn at a Window ?

I led the Princess Amelia into the Room myself.

What happened on the Occasion ?

He was extremely fond of her, and {hewed the greatest Mark of Parental Affection I ever saw.

Did His Majesty suffer her to depart willingly ?

Very willingly, on Condition that foe brought the Queen to His Majesty.

What was the Cause why the Interview with the , Queen did not continue longer than the Time you have stated ?

Because His Majesty gave me His Word it foould be but for Fifteen Minutes.

Are you quite sure that His Majesty’s Discourse did not grow more disordered towards the End of that Meeting than it had been at the Beginning ?

I was not a Judge, because His Majesty spoke in German several Sentences, which I did not understand j — but His Majesty took Leave of the Queen and Princess very properly.

For what Reason, that Nighr, was it thought proper.

ip Geo. lit 130 Januarii. ©3

per, on Confutation, to have Recourse to Blitters, for the first Time since your Arrival ?

To make a Revulsion.

What Occasion was there that Day more than before to have Recourse to that Operation ?

It was determined by us in the Morning to put them on that Night.

Whether the King grew more composed before those Bliflers were put on ?

I do not remember any Thing about it.

Whether, after the Interview with the Queen, the Physicians did not remonstrate against such Interviews ?

I believe they might.

Did you, at that Time, tell them that you were resolved to permit such Interviews at your, Discretion ?

I told them, I believe, that I was sent for there in order to make use of my own Discretion; and that they could not think themselves proper Judges about it.

At what Hour were the Blisters put on, after the first Interview ?

About Ten o’Clock at Night.

Was actual Coercion used on that Night ?

I do not remember.

Years, do you or do you not think, that in the Management of Persons in His Majesty’s Situation, though a general Line of Conduct may be laid down, yet that much Good may result from occasional Devi- ations from it, when made at the Discretion and under the constant Observation of a Physician who is tho* roughly conversant with this Species of Complaint ?

Very certainly.

Do you think that such Deviations not being allowed to such Physician may greatly retard the Cure?

I am very much of that Opinion.

Do you recollect whether you ever told Dr.

previous to Yesterday Morning, that His Majesty had asked for the Play of King Lear, and that you had refused to comply with the Request, as improper, before you brought His Majesty the Volume of Plays ?

I really don’t remember.

Dr. Willis having informed the Committee, that from his Knowledge of His Majesty’s Sense of Religion, he has greater Hopes that He will, with a proper Reflgnation, reflect upon what it has pleased God to have afflicted Him with — whether Dr. Willi's grounds those Hopes upon observing that His Majesty is not irritated by being sensible of His Situation ?

I do not understand the Question.

Can you recoiled! ?

I cannot. — I believe it might be the next Day, or the next Night j I am not sure; it was about that Time, and was the very first Time it was used, I believe.

Whether you declared your Intention in persisting in the Grant of such lndulgencics when you should think proper ?

I certainly did, by Implication.

Did you give any Notice, or consult any Physicians, about the second Interview with the Queen ?

I don’t remember.

When was the Time of the second Interview with the Queen ?

I do not recoiled!.

Have you indulged the King with any further Interview with Her Majesty ?

Only on the Times that have been mentioned.

Has the King been indulged with a View of His Brothers or Sons ?

No.

Whether any, and what Conversation, gave Rife to the King’s Desire of having the Tragedy of King Lear put into His Hands ?

I don’t know of any; I never before read King Lear in my Life.

Why did you represent it as improper to give the Tragedy of King Lear to the King ?

Because I did understand the Charadfer of King Leary though 1 had not read it.

Were any of the King’s Physicians, Surgeons, or Apothecaries present,when the King called for Foote’s or Caiman's Plays ?

I don’t remember.

Whether the King did actually read any Part, however firnall, of Colman's Tragedy of King Lear ?

I had said before, that 1 did not know it was there — I did not fee him read it at any Time.

Did you hear him refer to it ?

1 did not.

On the Whole of your Experience, for near Thirty

Have you observed that the King has appeared at all sensible of His Situation ?

Very much so j and more particularly lately, within these few Days.

What Time do you mean by a few Days ?

Within this Week — but more so last Night.

How come you now to be enabled to answer pofi-tively, on being asked whether His Majesty appeared sensible of His Situation, that He has been very much so within this Week past, when on Saturday last you said you was not sure that He had been sensible of it ?

By His Situation now, 1 mean both His Majesty’s Situation as King, and His Indisposition, taken together; — complaining of His being confined in one Room, when He has other Places that He might be in j — not to dine where He liesand that He Should be deemed a Person so indisposed, as not to be Coffered to be His own Matter; — all which prevented Him, His Majesty told me last Night, from ever thinking of taking the Reins of Government.

Is the Committee to understand from you, that those Sort of Complaints have been made by His Majesty only Once, or frequently ?

They have been made vaguely frequently, but not to make one understand that^Hc was sensible of His Indisposition, and the Consequence of it.

Then, in Point of Faff, Dr. , till last Night, had no reasonable Ground to attribute any Symptoms in His Majesty’s Disorder to His Recollection of His Situation ?

I don’t atribute any of His Symptoms to His Rc-collection of His Disorder; I don’t remember that I ever did.

Have His Majesty’s Spirits appeared deprefied or irritated by this Confcioulhefs, if, in Point of F%&, it did exist ?

Not at all as I know of; they are rather the Consequences of Irritation, than the Cause of them.

Do you remember to have written, on the 5th of this Month, a Letter containing the following Paragraph: <« His Majesty can talk of and be kept to any «« Subject in general much better than heretofore; but is more subject to Gulfs of Passion upon any trifling Contradiction, unless I or my Son are pre-.

\ " lent;

ij6 Janu

A. 1789.

,c sent; and this 1 rather attribute to His Majesty’s being more sensible of Himself and Situation ?"

Yes, I did write it, and think it.

To whom was that Letter written ?

I fancy it was to the Prince of Walts.

Did that Letter commence by saying, " 1 am sorry I can’t give your Royal Highness so good an Account this Morning as I gave you when I last did myself the Honour to write to your Royal H ighness and then did the Paragraph last quoted follow ?

It did j the Reason of that Letter commencing with those Words was. His Majesty having had a very bad Night, which the Report to His Royal Highness would plainly shew; but which bad Night did not at all prove that I had a worse Opinion of His Majesty’s Recovery, though I could not give so favourable an Account as I had some Days before, when His Majesty had had Two or Three very good Nights; and I thought it necessary to give His Royal Highness my Opinion of His Majesty’s State separate from His bad Night.

Then you, in saying that His Majesty could talk of and be kept to any Subject in general much better, referred to His Majesty’s general Situation ?

To His Situation at that Time, because the Exacerbations of such Disorders do not weaken in general the Understanding in those Cafes; but as the Patient recovers, we often find that the Understanding is strengthened after each, especially if the Time betwixt each is lengthenedwhich has been the Calc of His Majesty for this last Three Weeks or a Month, I think; for though His Majesty has Gusts of Passion, and is easily irritated, yet they are of very Short Duration, in Comparison to what they were.

Were those Gusts of Passion of shorter Duration than they had been, when you wrote this Letter to the Prince, on the 5th of January ? .

Very much so.

Were they more or less frequent at that Time ?

According as the People who were with Him understood how to speak to Him, they were more or less frequent.

But, in Point of Fact, were they more or less frequent ?

Less frequent I think, too.

Dr. Willis having taken a Distinction with regard to his signing the Accounts sent to St. will

he inform the Committee whether he does not hold himself responsible for the Truth of the Accounts he fends to His Royal Highness the Prince of,

which he signs alone, and that they shall contain the real State of the King’s Situation ?

To be sure.

Will you inform the Committee why you informed His Royal Highness, on the 5th of that His Majesty was more subject to Gusts of Passion upon any trifling Contradiction, unless you or your Son was present at that Time, than before — when you now inform the Committee that those Gusts of Passion were then less frequent than they had been f

His Majesty began to feel Himself more in His own Situation as King, and could not bear to be contradicted so well by either Pages or Attendants, and consequently would break out in Gusts of Passion upon Things that they did for Him, perhaps not in a Manner that His Majesty thought became them, and which they had used themselves to when His Majesty was not so well.

Is k to this that you attribute the Gusts of Passion being then more frequent, as described t

Yes — and it required a more delicate Behaviour than it had done before.

Then your having observed those Circumstances, namely, the frequent Gusts.of Passion, in His Majesty, and that His Majesty felt Himself more in His own Situation as King, so as to make a more delicate Behaviour necessary to Him; and having, on the 5th of January, informed His Royal Highness that you attributed such Gusts of Passion to His Majesty being more sensible of Himself and Situation j — you will now inform the Committee why you declared yourself, on Saturday last, not to be sure that His Majesty had been sensible of the Nature of His lllness j and why you now have informed the Committee that it has been within this Week only, and more particularly last Night, that you have perceived such Symptoms or Effects ?

His Situation, as King, is different from the Na-. ture of His lllness.

Do you not mean, when you state the King in that, Letter to be more sensible of Himself and Situation, that He was sensible both of His being King, and of the Circumstances which must bring to His Mind His Malady ?

No: I mean being King, and being confined in a Room.

Then have you, or have ydu not, seen in the King any Symptoms of His Recollection of His Malady?

I think I did particularly last Night.

Did you never before last Night ?

I may have said that I thought I had, but I am not sure.

Whether the Conversation you had with His Majesty last Night has not now led you to be more certain that, on former Occasions, His Majesty was, in Fact, sensible of the Nature of His lllness, though, at the Time, that Circumstance was only vaguely hinted at by His Majesty, or conjectured by you ?

Much more so.

Is the Committee to understand, that, previous to the 5th of January, the Exacerbations of His Majesty’s Disorder were more strong and more frequent, though His Majesty might become, at that Time, from the Reason you have already given, more subject to particular Gusts of Passion upon any trifling Contradiction, unless you or your Son was present ?

Yes, certainly.

Do you mean to say, that the Observation you made on His Majesty last Night, could at all have affected any Opinion you formed, or any Communication you made, on the 5th Instant ?

Not at all. '

Why you, having observed, as you state in your Letter to His Royal Highness on the 5th Instant that you did, that His Majesty’s frequent Gusts of Passion were to be attributed to His Majesty being more sensible of Himself and Situation — why you informed the Committee, on Saturday last, that you had now less Apprehensions with respect to the Consequences of His Majesty’s reflecting upon His lllness, than when you was examined before the former Committee ?

Because I was then better acquainted with His Majesty’s Principles, and Notions of Religion, than I was before.

Withdrew.

EXAMINATION relative to Dotfor Willis.

Veneris, 90 die J, 1789.

The Reverend Doctor Francis Willis again called in, and asked,

Whether your Son, Dr. John fician ?

Willis, is a Phy-He

He took his Degrees at Edinburgh about Thirteen or Fourteen Years ago — has practised Physic ever since — he was bred up at Oxford — studied Physic there first, and was afterwards Four or Five Years at Edinburgh.

How long has he attended His Majesty ?

He came the Zhurfday after I came — I came on the

Friday.

Has he been consulted as a Physician since he has attended at Kew ?

As to the Medicines — and, though he has not signed the Report, always was consulted about it.

Was Dr. John Willis ever consulted by the other Physicians in forming any Prescription for Medicine to be given to His Majesty ?

I think I answered before that he was.

Has he ever signed his Name to any One Prescrip-tien ?

Several.

For His Majesty ?

I think so — am pretty sure so — there never was any Prescription without his being the re.

Then yon understand that all the other Physicians Consider Dr. John Willis, and aft with him, as a Physician attending on His Majesty, and not an Assistant to you in the Care of the King ?

I understand as a Physician.

Why has Dr. John Willis never signed the Report sent to St. James's ?

I never knew any Reason. '

By whose Direction was Dr. John Willis summoned to attend His Majesty ?

I understood by the Privy Council — Lord Sydney sent the Letter.

When was the Letter sent ?

I believe it was on the Monday or Sunday before he came.

Who informed you that the Privy Council sent for your Son ?

Lord Sydney sent the Messenger, that is all I know.

To whom was the Letter sent ?

To Dr. John Willis.

Whether you know that it was at the Desire of the Physicians the Letter was sent, or at whose Desire ?

I really don’t know — but I believe Dr. Warren first said that I could not attend enough, that it would be too much for me.

Whether you sign the Prescriptions ?

I sign them, or give my Consent to the Physician that writes to sign my Name.

When Dr. Warren mentioned that your Son Should be called on, as you could not attend enough, did you understand that Dr. Warren meant as an Assistant, or as a Physician ?

As a Physician, as well as any Thing else — not as an Assistant distinguished from a Physician.

Do you consider your Son as in any Degree responsible for the Medicines administered to His Majesty?

I imagine so.

Withdrew.

Doctor Richard Warren again called in, and examined.

Whether you consider Dr. ‘John Willis as attending His Majesty in the Character of a Physician, or as an Assistant to Dr. Willis in the Care and Management of His Majesty ?

Vol. XLIV.

s

I have always considered him as an Assistant.

Do you consult with Dr. John , as a Physician, before you prescribe for His Majesty ?

Dr. John Willis is generally, 1 believe I may say almost always, present at the Confutations} we esquire of him how the King has passed His Time — when Medicines are proposed. Dr. John Willis has often spoke upon the Subject of them, and Attention has been paid to what he said — yet at the same Time . I considered him only as an Amicus Curia.

Do you not make the same Sort of Enquiries from the other Four Medical Gentlemen who are in Attendance on His Majesty ?

Yes j but they don’t talk about Medicines.

Do you consider Dr. John Willis as responfible with you in the Prescriptions and Physical Treatment of the King ?

I think not.

' Does Dr. John Willis sign those Prescriptions with you

It is usual for the Writer of the Prescriptions to put down the Initials of the Names of the consulted Physicians — I believe when I have written the Prescription, I have never put his Name down.

In that same then, as far as you are concerned. Dr. John Willis, is not reiponfible for the Medicines administered ?

No.

Does Dr John Willis sign the Reports sent to St. James's ?

No.

If he had acted, and had been consulted, and considered as a Physician attending on His Majesty, would it not have been right and necessary that he Should have taken his Share of the Responsibility in both or either of those Respects ?

It would be certainly right that he Should.

Has Dr. Willisthe Father, signed the Prescriptions, and from what Time ?

I apprehend the Father’s Name is put down to the Prescriptions from the Time that he came.

When did he subscribe his Name to the Reports ?

I do not exactly know the Time; it is easily seen.

Did he desire so to do ?

I understood from the Chancellor that he did.

Have the other Physicians, or any of them, subscribed the Initials of Dr. John Willis’s Name to Prescriptions for His Majesty ?

I do not know — but I have been told that some of them have.

Do you consider Dr. John Willis more in the Character of a Physician, with respect to his Situation about the King, than the Four other Medical Gentlemen attending His Majesty, namely, Mr.

Mr. Keate, Mr. Dundas, and Mr. Battifcombe ?

More Respect is due and paid to him, because he has taken a Degree.

But with respect to his Situation about the King, do you aft with him, or consider him more in the Light of a Physician than those Four Gentlemen ?

No. ’

Would not the same Attention have been paid to any other Physician then present, who had seen His Majesty, though not at all attending as a Physician to His Majesty ?

Provided there was no Impertinence in his being the re.1

If, after Dr. John Willis conversed with Dr. Warren

Z upon

upon the Subject of the Medicines for His Majesty, Dr. John Willis had desired Dr. , when he was

writing the Prescription, to put the Initials of Dr. John Willis to such Prescription, or to permit him, Dr. Join Willis, to do so, Dr. knowing that

Dr. John Willis had been educated at , and had

taken a Doctor’s Degree at , and had

Eraftifed Physic for Thirteen or Fourteen Years since e took that Degree, would have made the same Objection to adding such Initials or permitting them to be added to the Prescription, as he would have done if the Surgeons and Apothecaries, all or any of them, had made the same Request with respect to their own Initials ?

The Question must have been, whether Dr. John Willis was authorized to act there as a Physician.

Considering the Circumstances of Dr. John Willis's Attendance upon His Majesty, and that he is a Physician who has been educated and has taken a Degree, in the Manner mentioned in the last Question — if Dr. John Willis had made such a Request with respect to his Initials, Should Dr. Warren have thought it an impertinent Request ?

Certainly — unless he was considered as responsible for the Medicines.

Then does Dr. Warren consider the other Physicians, if any, who have put the' Initials, or permitted the Initials of Dr. John Willis to be put, to their Prescriptions, as having done, or suffered to be done, an improper Act, considering the Circumstances under which Dr. John Willis attends His Majesty ?

I can only answer for my own Conduct — I think I should not be called upon to judge of others.

If Dr. Warren had permitted the Initials of Dr. John Willis to be put to a Prescription, does he think (answering for his own Conduct, if it had been such) that he would have done an improper Act, considering the Circumstances under which Dr. John Willis attends His Majesty ?

I should never consider it as a Permission, unless I had been alked whether his Initials should be put down i because they are often written by the preferring Physician after the Prescription has been agreed to, and the Initials not particularly examined.

Whether, if his Permission had been alked, when a Prescription was written by himself, or any other of His Majesty’s Physicians, to put the Initials of Dr. John Willis to such Prescription, together with his own Name; and if he had given that Permission, Dr. Warren, answering for his own Conduct, would have thought he had done an improper Act in giving his Permission, considering the Circumstances under which Dr. John Willis attends His Majesty, and considering the Circumstance of his Education at Oxford, the Fast of his having taken the Degree of Doctor of Physic at Edinburgh, and the Fast of his having practised as a Physician for 13 or 14 Years past?

The Propriety of putting the Initials down must depend upon the Responsibility of the Person.

Whether, the several Circumstances mentioned in the foregoing Question* being duly attended to, if Dr. John Willis had this Morning alked Dr. Warren's Permission to put his Initials to a Prescription, Dr. Warren would this Morning have refused to give such Permission ?

Degrees in Physic give no Authority to practise in London, or within Seven Miles of London — there is no other Qualification than that of being a Fellow or Licentiate of the College of Physician*. — If the Circumstance of being about His Majesty induced me to think him responsible for the Medicines, I should have put the Initials down.

In Point of Fast, due Attention being paid, to all

A. 1789.

the Circumstances relative to Dr. John Willis's Attendance upon His Majesty, would Dr. Warren this Morning have refused to permit the Initials of Dr. John Willis to be put to a Prescription, upon the Conviction of his (Dr. Warren's') Mind that those Circumstances do not make him responsible in such a Degree as to make it sufficiently proper that those Initials should be put; and whether the Fast of His Majesty’s being at Kew would induce Dr. Warren to form an Opinion upon the Propriety of giving such Permission, different from the Opinion which he might have on such Propriety if His Majesty was at Windfort

The Rule to guide me, whether the Initials of a Person attending His Majesty should be put ‘down to a Prescription, must be my being informed that that Person is put about the King by proper Authority. ’

Has Dr. Warren, in Point of Fast, written many of the Prescriptions for His Majesty, and subscribed the Initials of the other Physicians ?

I have not written many since His Majesty came to Kew; but when I have written, 1 have put down the Initials of the Physicians present.

Whether you know that a Letter was sent by Lord Sydney to bring Dr. John Willis to Town ?

I know of no such Thing as a Letter.written by Lord Sydney.

Do you know in what Manner Dr. John Willis was sent for to attend the King ?

I consulted the Chancellor and Mr. Pitt on the Propriety of Dr. Willis's Servants being sent for — -They were sent for with the Consent of the Chancellor and Mr. Pitt — Dr. Willis wrote the Letter, and I believe I

advised him to fend for his Son to assist him.

j

Has any other of the Person9 then sent for up been present at a Consultation, and given an Opinion respecting the Medicines ?

No.

Whether Dr. Warren did not know that there was other Approbation, besides the Chancellor and Mr. Pitt, for fending-for Dr. Willis's Servants ?

Not for fending for them, but for making Use of them afterwards.

What other Approbation was there for making Ufc of them ?

I understood that it was communicated to Dr. Willis — the Doctor told me he had Authority to make Ufc of those Servants.

Does Dr. Warren apprehend that Dr. John Willis's Attendance was with the Knowledge or Approbation of any of the Royal Family ?

I could not think otherways, but I never was told

so.

Did Dr. Warren conceive that the Approbation of any of the Royal Family given to the Attendance of Dr. John Willis was given as a Physician, or as the principal Person to direct the Servants of Dr. Willis ?

Not as a Physician, but as Assistant to his Father.

On what Grounds does Dr. Warren entertain that Opinion ?

Because, upon Enquiry, soon after his Arrival, when a Prescription was written, whether Dr. John Willis's Name was to be put to it, he declined it.

By whom and of whom was that Enquiry made ?

By one of the Physicians afleing, at a Morning Consultation, whether Dr. John Willis's Name was to be put to it.

Did Dr. John Willis decline ?

Yes.

4 Were

130 Janu.

Stfctf of the Nation deferred.

29 Geo. III. 130 — 16°

Were any Observations made upon it by any one rife ? ‘

I believe not.

Had Dr. John Willis not declined to sign the Prescription, should you have h^d any Objection ?

I should then have supposed that he had had Authority to act as a Physician.

Janilarii. 87

Resolved, That this House will, upon* Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock. *

E)r. Warren having said, that he believes that other Physicians have put Dr; John Willis's Initials to Pre-fc/riptions, should he, in that Cafe, Conclude that Dr. John Willis has Authority to attend His Majesty ?

Dr. Warren can only answer for the Motives of his own Conduit.

Venerts, i6° Januarii;

- Anno 290 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Whether, when you recommended- it to His Majesty’s Ministers to fend for Dr. John , you intended to recommend it to them to fend for him in the Character of an additional consulting Physician,

' or as an Assistant to his Father in the Care and Management of the King ?

I did not recommend it to Ministers to fend for Dr.

John Willis at all, that I know of — I recommended it tO' Ministers to fend for Dr. Willis's Servants; and I aclvifed the Doctor to-fend for his Son to assist him, because I thought the Confinement more than he could submit to.

Whether you had, either to His Majesty’s Ministers, or to Dr. Willis, ever suggested a Wilh that Dr. John Willis should be called in to aid His Majesty’s Physicians in Consultation ?

No.

Whether any Notification from Authority was ever made to you, that Dr. John Willis was to be confi-- dered in that Light ?

No.

Whether you have ever heard from any of your Brethren, the King’s Physicians, that any Notification to that Effect had been made to them ?

No.

Whether you explained, either to Dr. Willis the Father, or to Dr. John Wil, that Dr. John Willis was sent for as the Director of Dr. Willis's other Servants, and not in the same Character as Dr. Willis himself, as a Physician who had dedicated his Attention particularly to that Branch of Medicine ?

Dr. Willis's Son was sent for merely at my own Suggestion, as I apprehend, to aftift his Father, without my knowing that he had even taken a Degree.

When’you understood that Dr. John Willis was a regular-bred Physician, did you then make the Explanation as dated in the former Question ?

I don’t recollect that I said any Thing to him upon the Subject.

Withdrew.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be re-committed

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Saturday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged*'

Praters.

A MEMBER returned upon a new Writ took Member take* the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Decla-' °lth*‘ ration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Petition from several Freemen of the Borough of Petition from Colchester, in the County of Essex, being offered to be coichSer/ presented to the House; Stating, That a new Writ offered. having been lately issued for the electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, an Election had accordingly taken place, at which George Esquire, and George Tierney, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Returning Officer had made a Return, that there was given at the said Election an equal Number of Votes for each of the said Candidates; and alledging, That the said Mr. Tierney ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition, complaining of the said Return, in order that the same may be tried and determined by a Select Committee, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet j

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Debate <m proposed. That the said Petition be brought up bri^'tn f<!t u

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; adjourned. Up

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on whole House, to take into further Consideration phe State of the State of the Nation. *tlon'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wation took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wation reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred , and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Ploufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Two of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

88

Member take* Oaths*

Motion for bringing up the Coichester

Perrion with-

diawn.

Committee on

bt.itc of tl>C Nation.

Report Refo-lutiont for appointing the Prince of Wale? Regent, kc. kc.

190 Jdnuarii. A. 1789.

Lunce^ 190 die 'Januarii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

AMEMBER returned upon a new Writ took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according tQ the Laws , made for those Purposes.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon Friday last, for bringing up the Petition, complaining of the Return for the Borough of in the County of Essex -,

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refplutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for the Purpose of providing for the Exercise of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness, in such Manner, and to such Extent, as the present Circumstances, and the urgent Concerns of the Nation, appear to require, it is expedient that His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, being resident within the Realm, shall be empowered to exercise and administer the Royal Authority, according to the Laws and Constitution of Great Britain, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, and under the Stile and Title of Regent of the Kingdom, and to use, execute, and perform, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, all Authorities, Prerogatives, Acts of Government, and Administration of the fame, which belong to the King of this Rc^lm to use, execute, and perform, according to the Laws thereof, subject to such Limitations and Exceptions as shall be provided.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Power so to be given to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales shall not extend to the granting of any Rank or Dignity of the Peerage of the Realm to any Person whatever, except to His Majesty’s Royal Issue, who shall have attained the full Age of Twenty-one Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Powers Should not extend to the granting of any Office whatever in Reversion, or to the granting of any Office, Salary, or Pension, for any other Term than during His Majesty’s Pleasure, except such Offices as are by Law required to be granted fur Life, or during good Behaviour.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the said Powers Should not extend to the granting of any Part of His Majesty’s Real or Personal Estate, except so far as relates to the Rdnewal of Leases.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness* Should be committed to the Queen’s Most Excellent Majesty, and that Her Majesty Should have Power to remove from, and to nominate and appoint such Persons, as She shall think proper to, the several Offices in His Majesty’s Household, and to dispose, order, and manage, all other Matters and Things relating to the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, during the Time aforesaid: And that for the better enabling Her Majesty so discharge this important Trust, it is also expedient that a Council Should be appointed, to advise and assist Her Majesty in the several Matters aforesaid, and with Power, from Time to Time, as they may fee Cause, to examine, upon Oath, the Physicians. and others attending His Majesty’s Person, touching1 the State of His Majesty’s Health, and all Matters relative thereto.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be now read a

Second Time.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word empowered," the Words " for a Time to be limited."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time j

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " extend," the Words " for a Time to be limited."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inferred j

11 palfed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time j

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word extend," the Words " for a Time to be limited."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting, after the Word "Offices," the Words " as were on the First day of November last " held for Life, and except such Offices."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted,

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be communi- Resolution* t« cated to the Lords at a Conference, and their Con- ^tri'intte" currence desired thereto. Lord* at a

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Cvafenac* Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbtrforce do go to the Lords, and deGre the said Conference. _

Mr. Alderman Watson also acquainted the House,

8 That

The Lords agree to a Con* terence*

Managers appointed.

Conference

reported.

State of the Nation deferred*

Members take Oaths.

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideratioft the State of the Nation.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Day> Twelve of the Clock.

Martisy 200 di;

An n 29® Georgii III. U Regis, 1789. Prayers.

MR. Wilberforce reported to the House, That he

had, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, Thar the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. U ilberforc Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Pbelips, Mr. Hungerford, General Murrays Sir William Dolben, Mr. Brickdale, Mr. , and Mr. Henry

Addington, be added to the said Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called overj and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Wilberforce reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council; and that the Managers had communicated to the Lords the Resolutions which this House had Yesterday directed to be communicated at the said Conference, and had desired their Lordships Concurrence thereto, and had left a Copy of the same with the Lords.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Friday Morning next, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luncey 26° die Januarii;

Anno 29® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

SEVERAL Members returned upon new Writs took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Vol. XLIV.

A MeflTage from the Lords, by Mr; Hoi ford arid Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber^ upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in } and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney be added to the said Managers.

And the Names Of the Managers were called over j and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Marquis of Worcester reported. That the Managers had met-the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council, and that the Conference was to acquaint this House that the Lords have taken into their Consideration the Resolutions of the Commons, communicated to their Lordships at a Conference on tuesday last, and have agreed thereto.

The Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ‘to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 270 die Januarii;

Anno 29® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

PR AYERS.

THE House was moved, That the Resolutions which, upon the 19th Day of this Instant January, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation, and were then agreed to by the House, and which Resolutions have been also agreed to by the Lords, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly} and are as followeth j viz.

" Resolved, That for the Purpose of providing for " the Excrciie of the Royal Authority, during the " Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness, in such Manner, and to such Extent, as the present Circumstances, and the urgent Concerns of the Nation, appear to require, it is expedient that His Royal ' Highness the Prince of Wales, being resident within " the Realm, shall be empowered to exercise and administer the Royal Authority, according to the " Laws and Constitution of Great Britain, in the " Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, and un-f der the Stile and Title of Regent of the Kingdom, and to use, execute, and perform, in the Name " and on the Behalf of His Majesty, all Authorities, Prerogatives, Acts of Government, and Administration of the fame, which belong to the King of c< this Realm to use, execute, and perform, according " to the Laws thereof, subject to such Limitations << and Exceptions as shall be provided.

A a "

The Lords desire a Conference*

Conference agreed to*

Managers appointed.

Conference

reported*

State of the Nation deferred* .

Resolutions reported from Committee on State of the Nation for appointing the Prince of Wales Regent* Scq. &c. and agreed to by both Houses* read.

Committee appointed to attend the Prince of Wales with the said Resolutions.

po 2 7° — 2 8°

,f Re/olved, That the Power so to be given to His

,f Royal Highness the Prince of Wales shall not extend to the granting of any Rank or Dignity of the ct Peerage of the Realm to any Person whatever, f‘ except to His Majesty’s Royal KTue, who shall have " attained the full Age of Twenty-one Years.

" Re/olved, That the said Powers Should not extend

to the granting of any Office whatever in Reversion, or to the granting of any Office, Salary, or Pension, " for any other Term than during His Majesty’s " Pleasure, except such Offices as are by Law required to be granted for Life, or during* good " Behaviour.

" Rr/olved, That the said Powers should not extend

to the granting of any Part of His Majesty’s Real or Personal Eftare, except so far as relates to the *f Renewal of Leases.

" Re/olved, That the Care of His Majesty’s Royal

" Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness, should be committed to the Queen’s Most " Excellent Majesty, and that Her Majesty should have " Power to remove from, and to nominate and appoint such Persons, as She shall think proper to, " the several Offices in His Majesty’s Household, and u to dispose, order, and manage, all other Matters and " Things relating to the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, during the Time aforesaid: And that for u the better enabling Her Majesty to discharge this " important Trust, it is also expedient that a Council '* /hould be appointed, to advile and assist Her Majesty in the several Matters aforesaid, and with Power, from Time to Time, as they may fee Cause, " to examine, upon Oath, the Physicians and others attending His Majesty’s Person, touching the State " of His Majesty’s Health, and all Matters relative thereto."

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee be appointed to attend His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales with the said Resolutions, which have been agreed to by the Lords and Commons, for the Purpose of supplying the De-fest of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority, during His Majesty’s Illness, by empowering His Royal Highness to exercise such Authority, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, subject to the Limitations and Restrictions which the Circumstances of the same appear at present to require; and that the Committee do express the Hopes which the

Commons entertain, that His Royal Highness, from His Regard to the Interests of His Majesty and the Nation, will be ready to undertake the weighty and important Trust proposed to be inverted in His Royal Highness, as soon as an Act of Parliament shall have been passed for carrying the said Resolutions into Effed.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof thelc Words,

" and to inform His Royal Highness, that such Parts * of the said Resolutions as restrain the Exercise of " any Part of the legal Prerogatives of the Crown, or " separate the Establishments which had hitherto been united under His Majesty and His Royal Predeccflors, are formed upon a Supporttion that His Majesty’s Illness is only temporary, and may be of no long Duration} but if unfortunately His Majesty’s Recovery Should be protracted to a more " dillant Period than there is, at present, Reason to imagine, that it will be open hereafter to the Wisdom of Parliament, to re-consider these Provisions " whenever the Circumstances seem to call for it."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added }

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put*

Received, That a Committee be appointed to attend

Januarii. 1789*

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales with the said Resolutions, which have been agreed to by the Lords and Commons, for the Purpose of supplying the Defeat of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority, during His Majesty’s Illness, by empowering His Royal Highness to exercise such / Authority, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, subject to the Limitations and Restrictions which the Circumstances of the same appear at present to require; and that the Committee do express the Hopes which the

Commons entertain, that His Royal Highness, from His Regard to the Interests of His Majesty and the Nation, will be ready to undertake the weighty and important Trust proposed to be inverted in His Royal Highness, as soon as an Act of Parliament shall have been parted for carrying the said Resolutions into Ertect.

Resolved, That the Resolution agreed to by the Lords and Commons, respecting the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and the Direction of His Majesty’s Household, be laid before Her Majesty, with an humble Address, expressing the Hope which the

Commons entertain, that Her Majesty will be graciously pleased to undertake the important Trust proposed to be inverted in Her Majesty, as Toon as an Act of Parliament shall have been parted for carrying the said Resolution into Effect.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be communi-, cated to the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence dertred thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be dertred with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Belgrave do go to the Lords, and deftre the said Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28* Januarii;

Anno 29° Georgii III111 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

THE Lord Belgrave reported to the House, That he had, according to Order, been with the Lords to desire a Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over , and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord Belgrave reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council} and that the Managers had communicated to the Lords the Resolutions which this House had Yesterday directed to be communicated at the said Conference, and had dertred their Lordships Concurrence thereto, and had left a Copy of the same with the Lords.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Courtderation the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4 /avis.

Resolution respecting the Care of His Majesty’s Person, and the Direction of H»s Household, to belaid before the Queen.

Resolutions to be communicated to the Lords at a Conference.

The Lords

agree to a, Conference.

Managers appointed.

Conference

reported.

State of the Nation defer* red.

ig Geo. III. 290

Jovis, 2 90 die Januarii',

Anno 29" Georgii III," Regis, 1789.

The Lords desire a Conference.

Conference agreed to.

Managers appointed.

Conference

icported.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew. 1

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over* and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord Belgrade reported. That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council, who acquainted them, that the Lords having taken into their Consideration the Resolutions of the Commons, communicated to their Lordships at a Conference Yesterday, have agreed to the said Resolutions, by filling up the Blanks therein with Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and."

-2° Februarii. 91

the Lords mentioned in the said Message to wait upon Her Majesty with the said Resolution and Address.

And the Messengers were again called in > and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Stau of the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, de* to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word u ," and

inferring the Word u Saturday " instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Monday " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f The Earl of Mor-' )

Tellers for the Yeas, { Kington, J70.

i Mr. Steele:

Tellers for the Noes, \ Mr. Grey, ] I Mr. North. < 1*"

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House. will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn , ing next. Ten of the Clock.

The Lords appoint Two Peer* to attend the Prince of Wales i

and Two others to attend the Queen.

House appoints Four Members to wait on the Prince of Wales 5

and Four others to wait on the Queen.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have ordered the Lord President and the Lord Privy Seal to attend His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, with the several Resolutions agreed to by the Lords and Commons, for the Purpose of supplying the Defect of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority during His Majesty’s Illness, on the Parc of their Lordships, and desire that this House will appoint a proportionable Number of their Members to go with them.

The Lords have ordered 'the Earl of Waldegrave and the Earl of Aile/bury to attend Her Majesty with the Resolution and Address agreed to by the Lords and Commons, respecting the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and the Direction of His Majesty’s Household, on the Part of their Lordships'; and desire that this House will appoint a proportionable Number of their Members to go with them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Four Members of this House do go with the Lords mentioned in the said Message to wait upon His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales with the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Matter of the Rolls, Lord Frederick Campbell, and Mr. Secretary at War, do go with the Lords mentioned in the said Message to wait upon His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales with the said Resolutions.

Resolved, That Four Members of this House do go with the Lords mentioned in the said Message to wait upon Her Majesty with the said Resolution and Address.

Ordered, That the Earl of Courtown, Mr. Comptroller of the Hopfehold, the Honourable Richard Howard, and Lieutenant Colonel , do go with

Luna, 2* die Februarii;

Anno 290 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

AM EMBER returned upon a new Writ took Memb« t»k« the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Decla- °ath* ration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Prince of House, That, pursuant to the Order of Fhur/day last, J^es’s Aa~ the Master of the Rolls, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. wet* Secretary at War, and himself, went to wait upon His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, at Carlton where they found the Lord President and the Lord Privy Seal, from the Lords, to, present the Resolutions , agreed upon by both Houses to His Royal Highness; and that accordingly they presented the fame: And that the Lord President read them to His Royal Highness; and that His Royal Highness was pleased to, return this Answer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I thank you for communicating to Me the Resolutions agreed to by the Two Houses; and I request you to assure them, in My Name, that My Duty to the King My Father, and My anxious Concern for the Safety and Interests of the People, which must be endangered by a longer Suspension of the Exercise of the Royal Authority, together with My Respect for the united Desires of the Two Houses, outweigh in My Mind every other Consideration, and will determine Me to undertake the weighty and important Trust proposed to Me, in Conformity to the Resolutions now communicated to Me. I am sensible of the Difficulties that must attend this Trust in the peculiar

Circumstances

Queen’*

Aoiwer*

The Louis desire a Conference.

Conference -&refd to.

Manager*

appointed.

Conference

reported.

Lotdt Refo-Jution relprft. ir.| Letteit Patent for opening the Pirlumcnr.

92 i° FebruariL A. 1780.

Circumstances in which it is committed to My Charge, in which, as I am acquainted with no former Example, My Hopes of a successful Administration cannot be founded on any pad Experience} but confiding that the limitations on the Exercise of the Royal Authority, deemed necessary for the present, have been approved only by the Two Houses as a temporary Measure, founded on the loyal Hope, in which I ardently participate, that His Majesty’s Disorder may not be of a long Duration, and trusting, in the mean while, that I shall receive a zealous and united Support in the Two Houses, and in the Nation, proportioned to the Difficulty attending the Discharge of My Trull in this Interval, I will entertain the pleasing Hope that My faithful Endeavours to preserve the Interests of the King, His Crown, and People, may be successful.

The Earl of Courtownreported to the House, That,

pursuant to the Order of last, Mr. Comp-

troller of the Household, the Honourable Richard Howard, Lieutenant Colonel , and himself,

went to wait upon Her Majesty at His Majesty’s Palace at Kew,where they found the Earl of IValdegrave, and the Earl of Ailesbury, from the Lords, to prefenc the Resolution and Address agreed upon by both Houses to Her Majesty; and that accordingly they prefenced the same: And that the Earl of Waldegrave read them to Her Majesty and that Her Majesty was thereupon pleased to say:

My Duty and Gratitude to the King, and the Sense I mull ever entertain of My great Obligations to this Country, will certainly engage My most earned Attention to the anxious and momentous Trust intended to be reposed in Me by Parliament. It will be a great Consolation to Me to receive the Aid of a Council, of which 1 shall ftiod so much in Need, in the Discharge of a Duty whereiiy the Happiness of My future Life is, indeed, deeply interested, but which a higher Object, the Happiness of a great, loyal, and affectionate People, renders Hill more important.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

Thc^Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over} and they went to the Conference.

And being returned}

The Marquis of Graham reported. That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Pari of the Lords, by the Lord Privy Seal, and that the Conference was, to acquaint this House, That the Lords have come to the following Resolution; viz.

Rcjolved, That it is expedient and necessary, that Letters Patent Should pal's under the Great Seal of Great Britain, of the Tenor and in the Form following:

George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth; To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting: Whereas We have lately, for divers difficult and prefiing Affairs, concerning Us, and the State and Defence of Our Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Church, ordained this Our present Parliament to begin and to be held at Our City of Westminster, on the Eighteenth Day of May, in the Twenty-fourth Year of Our Reign, on which Day Our said Parliament was begun and held, and from thence, by several Adjournments and Prorogations, was adjourned and prorogued to and, until the

T wentieth Day of November last, then to be held and fit at Our City of Westminster aforesaid: And forasmuch as, for certain Causes, We cannot conveniently be present in Our Royal Person, in Our said Parliament } Know ye, That We, trusting in the Discretion. Fidelity, and Care, of the most Reverend Father in God, and Our faithful Councillor, John Archbi-ftiop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England, Our well-beloved and faithful Councillor Edward Lord Thurlow, Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Our most dear Cousins and Councillors Charles Earl Camden, President of Our Council, Granville Marquis of Stafford, Keeper of Our Privy Seal, James Duke of Chandos, Steward of Our Household, Charles Duke of Richmond, George Duke of Montagu, James Earl of Salisbury, Chamberlain of Our Household, John Earl of Chatham, Henry Earl Bathurst, Thomas Viscount Weymouth, Francis Lord Osborne, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lord Sydney, one other of Our principal Secretaries of State, and Lloyd Lord Kenyon, Our Chief Justice assigned to hold Pleas before Us, by the Advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled according to the Prorogation aforesaid, do give and grant, by the Tenor of these Presents, unto the most Reverend Father in God, and Our faithful Councillor, John Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England, Our well-beloved and faithful Councillor Edward Lord Thurlow, Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Our most dear Cousins and Councillors Charles Earl President of Our Council, Granville Marquis of Stafford, Keeper of Our Privy Seal, James Duke of Chandos, Steward of Our Household, Charles Duke of Richmond, George Duke of Montagu, James Earl of Salisbury, Chamberlain of Our Household, John Earl of Chatham, Henry Earl Thomas Viscount

Weymouth, Francis Lord Osborne, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lord Sydney, one other of Our Principal Secretaries of State, LloydL.Qt6i Kenyon, Our Chief Justice assigned to hold Pleas before Us, and any Three of them, full Power in Our Name to hold Our said Parliament, and to open and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the Causes of holding the fame, and to proceed upon the said Affairs in Our said Parliament, and in all Matters arising the rein, and to do every Thing which, for Us, and by Us, for the Government of Our said Kingdom of Great Britain, and other Our Dominions thereunto belonging, shall be there to be done, commanding also, by t{ie Tenor of these Presents, with the Advice aforesaid, as well all and singular the Archbishops, Dukes, Marquifies, Earls, Viscounts, Bishops, Barons, Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners, for Our Counties and Boroughs, as all others whom it concerns, to meet in Our said Parliament, that to the same the most Reverend Father in God, and Our faithful Councillor, John Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England, Our well-beloved and faithful Councillor Edward Lord Thurlow, Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Our most dear Cousins and Councillors Charles Earl Camden, President of Our Council, Granville Marquis of Stafford, Keeper of our Privy Seal, James Duke of Chandos, Steward of Our Household, Charles Duke of Richmond, George Duke of Montagu, James Earl of Salisbury, Chamberlain of Our Household, John Earl of Chatham, Hemy Earl,

Thomas Viscount Weymouth, Francis Lord Osborne, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lord $ Sydney,

Committee on State of the Nation.

Report to agree with the Lords in their Resolution respelting Letters Patent for opening the Parliament.

Conference desired with the Lords.

' .

Sydney, one other of Our Principal Secretaries of State, Lloyd Lord Kenyon, Our Chief Justice alllgned to hold Pleas before Us, and any Three of them, they diligently intend in the Premises, in the Forrh aforesaid. In Witness whereof We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent.

Witness Ourself at Westminster, this Third Day of jFebruary, in the Twenty-ninth Year of Oiir Reign: By the King Himself, with the Advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iflembled according to the Prorogation aforesaid.

To which Resolution their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

tfra^ orriitted. — Mr. Speaker added, That in the present same he had received no Directions fronri the House for his Conduct in this Respect, and that It was His Intention to follow the Precedents of the Restoration and the Resolution, in which Cafes the Speaker was not presented for the Royal Approbation j but he further added. That if the House thought it proper to give him any special Directions, it Would be his Duty td obey them.

Mart is, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 29° Georgii III'" Regis, 1789.

The Order of the Day being read , The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wation took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair; .;

Mr. Alderman Wation reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Wation accordingly reported from „ thfe said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table t Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this tommittee. That this House do agffee with the Lords in the said Resolution, communicated by their Lordships to this House at the Conference this Day.

The said Resolution, reported fVonrl the said Committee, being read a Second TiYine, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

P R A Y b ft $.

MR. Ryder reported to the House; That he had, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered \That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Resolution communicated by the Lords to this House Yesterday, be delivered to the Lords at the Conference! and that their Lordships be acquainted, that this House hath agreed to the fame.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; And they went to the Conference.

And being returned j

Mr. Ryder reported; That the Managers had beeri at the Conference, which was managed j oh the Part of the Lords; by the Lord Privy Seal; and that the Managers had acquainted their Lordships* that this House hath agreed to the Resolution to which their Lordships had desired the Concurrence of this House j and had left the Resolution with the Lords;

A Message Was delivered by Sir Francis Molynexx} Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Memorandum:

At the End of this Day, Mr. Speaker desired to call the Attention of the House to a Circumstance respecting his own Situation, as pofiibly the House might, Tomorrow, be desired to attend the Com-nnffioners to be authorized by His Majesty’s Corn-million for opening the Session of Parliament i He said, that after the Election of a Speaker, it had been the Usage of Parliament for the House to present the Speaker to His Majesty, or His Majesty’s Commissioners, for the Royal Approbation, at which Time the Speaker (being approved) requested His Majesty’s gracious Indulgence for any Omissions of his in the Execution of his Office; and, if it was at the Beginning of a Parliament, did also, on Behalf of the Commons, lay claim to their ancient Rights and Privileges; but, if the Election of the Speaker was in the Middle of a Parliament, the Speaker was presented for the Royal Approbation, but the Claim on Behalf of the House

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’si Commission*, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission redd.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker; with the House* went up to the House of Peers;

And being returned;

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandtstine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read.a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported; That the House had been at the House of Peers, at the Desire of the Lords Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for Opening and holding this present Parliament; and that the Earl Balhurjt, being ortc of the said Commissioners, made a Speech to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which He read to the House; and is as followeth; viz-.

My Lords* and Gentlemen;

In pursuance of the Authority given tis by His Majesty's Conrimission under the Great Seal, which has now been read; amongst other Things, to declare the Causes of your present Meeting, we have only to call your Attention to the melancholy Circumstance of H is Majesty’s lllrieft, in Consequenec ,of which it

A Copy of the said Commission is inserted at the Bnd of this Day’s Proceedings. Vol. XLIV. Bb

becomes

The Lords agree to a Conference.

Manager! appointed*

Conference

reported*

Message to attend the Lordt Commissioners*

Outlawry Bill

read.

Mr. Speaker reports the Lords Commissionerg

Speech.

Grand Committed appointed.

Committee of Privilege* appointed.

Oilier usual OrJcts made*

becomes necessary to provide for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority, during the ^Continuance of this Calamity, in such Manner as the Exigency of the same appears to require.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Belgrave, - Mr. Ord, Mr. Attorney General, the Lord Westcote, Mr. Medley, Mr. Mr.

nor, Mr. Dundas, the Earl of Court own, Mr. bread, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Arden, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Long, Sir Richard Sutton, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Steele, Mr. Adam, Mr. Ryder, the Marquis of Graham, Sir Henry Hoghton, the Lord North, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Burges, Sir Benjamin Hammet, Mr. Smith, Sir Joseph Mr. Strutt,

Mr. Minchin, General Murray, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Brett, Mr. Taylor; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants, in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the After-

noon: and all who come are to have Voices , and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching'Privileges} and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered,’That all Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in} and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place} and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Rejched, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Mt mber of this I louse, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor} and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Rejched, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and the Petition-

ers do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members} giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguistung the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to} and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee, of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him} and that he do n'ot presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of -the House } and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament} and that there be 6 no

ap Geo. III. 30 Februarii. pg

no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open therein or thereabouts. the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sit-

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High ting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be com-Bailiff of Westminster, and that he do fee the same put municated to this House; '

in Execution.

Ord, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be House, do, from Time to Time, when the House is within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Commitleading thereto. tees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a

Morning; after such Notice, be declared to be null Ordered, Tjjat the Serjeant at Arms attending this and void.

House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or

other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Foot- Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, men attending the Members of this House to wait being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do in appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person,

but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this fame.

House do take into his Custody such Footmen as

fh all presume to disobey the Orders of the House; The House was moved. That so much of an Act, Eastindi* and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Cuf- made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His tody but by the special Order of the House. present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the

Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences commit-Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing . ted in the East and for other Purposes therein

of Letters directed to Members of this House, the mentioned, as directs, that, within the first Thirty fit-Person appointed to bring Letters from the General ting Days of this House, the Members of the House Post Office to this House, or feme other Person, to may deliver in at the Table Lifts of Forty Members, be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the for the Purpose of proceeding to the Appointment of a future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Court of Judicature for the Trial of the said Offences,

Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the might be read.

Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and And the same was read accordingly, for Two Hours at the least immediately after the

Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Ordered, Nemine Contradicehte, That Leave be given Regency BiH

Clock in the Afternoon till Seven-, at the Place ap- to bring in a Bill to provide for the Care of His Ma- ordefed* pointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take jetty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His the several Members to whom they shall be directed, Majesty’s Illness: And that Mr. Chancellor of the or to their known Servant or Servants, or others. Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, the Master of the bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, fending for the fame. the Marquis of Wercester, the Marquis of,

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going Mr. Edward James Eliot, Lord Frederick Campbell, away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undeliver- the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Belgrave, Mr. Ryder, ed; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Mr. Alderman the Lord the Earl of

Hours aforesaid. Courtown, and Mr. Comptroller of the Household* do

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Master General.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed Morning, Ten of the Clock.

COPY

3° Februarii.

A \ 1789.

COPY of His Majesty’s Commission for Opening and Holding the Parliament.

EORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth j To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting: Whereas We have lately, for divers difficult and pressing Affairs^ concerning Us, and the State arid Defence of Our Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Church, ordained this Our present Parliament to begin and to be held at Our City of minster, on the Eighteenth Day of May,in the Twenty-fourth Year of Our Reign, on which Day Our said Parliament was begun and held, and from thence, by several Adjournments and Prorogations, was adjourned and prorogued to and until Thursday the Twentieth Day Of November last; then to be held and fit at Our City of Westminster aforesaid: And forasmuch as, for certain Causes, We cannot conveniently be present in Our Royal Person in Our said Parliament; Know ye, That We, trusting in the Discretion, Fidelity, and Care, of the most Reverend F’ather in God, and Our faithful Councillor, John Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England, Our well-beloved and faithful Councillor Edward Lord Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Our most dear Cousins and Councillors Charles Earl Camden, President of Our Council, Granville Marquis of Stafford, Keeper of Our Privy Seal, James Duke of Chandos, Steward of Our Household, Charles Duke of Richmond, George Duke of Montagu, James Earl of Chamberlain of Our Household,

John Earl of Chatham, Henry Earl Bathurst, Thomas VII'count Weymouth, Francis Lord one of Our

Principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lord Sydney, one other of Our Principal Secretaries of State, and Lloyd Lord Kenyon, Our Chief Justice assigned to hold Pleas before Us, by the Advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled according to the Prorogation aforesaid; do give and grant, by the Tenor of these Presents, unto the most Reverend Father in God, and Our faithful Councillor, John Arch-bishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England, Our well-beloved and faithful Councillor Edward Lord Thurlow, Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Our most dear Cousins and Councillors Charles Earl Camden, President of Our Council, Granville Marquis of Stafford, Keeper of Our PriVy Seal, James Duke of Chandos, Steward of Our Household, Charles Duke of Richmond, George Duke of Montagu, James Earl of Salisbury, Chamberlain of Our Household, John Earl of Chatham, Henry Earl Thomas V«ifcount Weymouth, Francis Lord Osborne, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lor one other of Our

Principal Secretaries of State, Lloyd Lord Kenyon, Our Chief Justice assigned to hold Pleas before Us, and any Three of them, full Power, in Our Name, to hold Our said Parliament, and to open and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the Causes of holding the fame, and to proceed upon the said Affairs in Our said Parliament, and in all Matters arising the rein, and to do every Thing which, for Us, and by Us, for the Government of Our said Kingdom of Great Britain, and other Our Dominions thereunto belonging, shall be there to be done, Commanding also, by the Tenor of these Presents, with the Advice aforesaid, as well all and singular the Archbishops, Dukes, Marquiffes, Earls, Viscounts, Bishops, Barons, Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners, for Our Counties and Boroughs, as all others whom it concerns, to meet in Our said Parliament, that to the same the most Reverend Father in God, and Our faithful Councillor, John Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England, Our well-beloved and faithful Councillor Edward Lord Thurlow, Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Our most dear Cousins and Councillors Charles Earl Camden, President of Our Council, Granville Marquis of Stafford, Keeper of Our Privy Seal, James Duke of Chandos, Steward of Our Household, Charles Duke of George Duke of Montagu, James Earl of

Saliffjury, Chamberlain of Our Household, John Earl of Chatham, Henry Earl Bathurst, Thomas Viscount Weymouth, Francis Lord Osborne, one of our Principal Secretaries of State, Thomas Lord Sydney, one other of Our Principal Secretaries of State, Lloyd Lord Kenyon, Our Chief Justice assigned to hold Pleas before Us, and any Three of them, they diligently intend in the Premises, in the Form aforesaid. In Witness whereof We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourself at this Third Day of February,

in the Twenty-ninth Year of Our Reign.

By the King Himself, with the Advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled according to the Prorogation aforesaid.

Mercurii,

House adjourns*

Essex Shire HousePetition*

Petition from Essex a gain ft the County Elections Act.

29 Geo. III. 40 — -5° Februani. 97

Mercurii, 4° d;

Anno 29* Georgii III"' Regis, 1789. Prayers.

T H E House met.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

APETITION of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, atting in and for the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read j Set-

ting forth. That the Shire House of the said County, situate in the Town of Chelmsford, is an ancient Building, much out of Repair, too small, and otherwise' inconvenient, and the same cannot be repaired, so as to artfwer the public Purposes of the said County, and it is expedient and necessary that a new Shire House, on a larger Plan, and comprizing a Grand Jury Room, a Room for Witnesses, a Place for de-pofiting the County Records, and other Accommodations, should be built for the Use of the said County; and that it is proposed to make several Purchases of Ground and Buildings, which are private Property, and situate, adjoining, or near to the present Shire House, in order to procure and form a proper Scite for such new Shire House and Buildings, and for making proper Avenues to the fame; and that it will be necessary, for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, to raise a considerable Sum of Money: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Essex to purchase certain Ground

and Buildings, situate near or adjoining unto the present Shire House, and on the Scite thereof, and of the present Shire House, or on some Part thereof, to build and keep in Repair a new Shire House, and such other Buildings and Accommodations as aforesaid, for the Use of the said County, and also to raise Money necessary for such Purposes, in such Manner as to the Legislature shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Strutt, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of Essex, assembled at their General Quarter Session of the Peace, holden by Adjournment, in and for the said County, on the 31st Day of January 1789, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and that, upon a careful Perusal of the said Act, the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the heavy Expence which will be brought upon the said County, in case the said Act is carried into Execution, and they also Vol. XLIV,

conceive, that the same cannot be carried into Execution, according to the strict Letter thereof, without the greatest Difficulty and Inconvenience: And therefore praying, That the House will take such Measures as they shall see fit, for repealing the said Act, or materially altering and amending the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration so much of the said Act as relates to the Fees to be demanded and taken for or in respect of the Examination of the Sureties, the Report thereon, and the taking the Recognizances therein mentioned; and also for or in respect of ascertaining and taxing the Costs and Expences therein mentioned, and the Report to be made thereon; and to report' the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Pulteney, Mr.

Mr. Pbelips, Mr. Powys, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr.

North, Mr. Vyner, the Lord Maitland, Mr.

the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Duncomle, Sir Henry Hogbton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bramston, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Knight, Sir William Dolben, Mr. Long, Mr. Brett, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Pye, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Burges, Mr. Po-chin, the Marquis of GrahamMr. Brickdale, Mr. Medley, Mr. Bearcroft; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of Rules and Regulations to be established for the better ascertaining and taxing such Costs and Expences, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of the County of York, assembled at the Assizes for the said County, the 10th Day of July 1788, was presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade as inconsistent with the Principles of Justice and Humanity: And praying, That if it cannot speedily be abolished with Safety to this Country, such Regulations may be made as will tend to secure to the Natives of Africa better Treatment in the West India islands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the 13th Day of March next*

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to provide for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

C C Veneris,

Committee tp*

pointed to con* fidtr so much of Act for regulating the Trials pi con-trovcited Eh $ioi»', as relates 10 Fees, &c*

Petition from York Shire respecting the Slave Trade.

Time limited for receiving Petitions.

Regency Bill presented.

98 6° — 7° Februcirii. A. 1789.

Fetter is, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

petition from A PETITION of the Protestant Dissenting Mi-u^dtefp^In* ii. nifters of Northumberland> was presented to the th* snw"* House, and read; Representing the present State of Trade. the Slave Trade as being disgraceful to the Nation, and incontinent with the Principles of Justice, Humanity, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Confederation of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Forehoe Poor A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the ctmun. Hundred of Foreboe, in the County of , under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That Two Acts were made, in the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Hundred, whereby the Petitioners were authorized to purchase Ground, and erect certain Buildings thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor within the said Hundred, and also to borrow Money for defraying the Expences of purchasing Ground, and erecting and furnishing such Buildings, and to make Rates or AffcAments, nor exceeding the Sums therein limited, upon the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places within the said Hundred, for raising Money to discharge the Interest of the Principal Sums to be borrowed, and for defraying the Expences attending the Management, Support, and Maintenance of the said Poor, and like-wife for paying off the Principal Money authorized to be borrowed as. aforesaid; and that the Petitioners have, in pursuance of the said Acts, purchased Ground, and erected proper and commodious Buildings thereon for the Reception and Employment of the said Poor, and borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit and Security of the said Ground and Buildings, and of the Rates or Assessments authorized to be made as aforesaid, which Money still remains due, and the Petitioners find that the Produce of the said Rates or AffdTments is insufficient to enable them to carry the said Acts into Execution, and a further Debt hath been incurred by them since the passing of the said Acts, and, unless they are authorized to raise some further Sums of Money over and above the Produce of the said Rates or Assessments, the Debt so incurred, and the Principal Money borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interefi thereof, cannot be paid off, and the Poor within the said Hundred properly supported and maintained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to carry the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John Wodc-

house, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cromify Road A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying t'cimoa. into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and

Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars in the Turnpike Road leading from ‘Tunbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County of Suffe, was presented to the House, and read'; Setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Road might be considerably improved, if the Trustees were empowered to change the Course of such Parts thereof as they may judge necessary or proper: A nd therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Regency B‘j Reading of the Bill to provide for the Care of His Ma- committed* jesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sab bat i, j° die Februarii;

Anno 290 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Robert Bromebead, Normanbyin-

Burwell, Thomas Dixon, and John Dudding, and c?ofure ** others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds on* in the Township of Normanby, next Spittal, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in the said Township are several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, wherein the different Properties lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, for the moll Part, inconveniently situated, and it would be of great Advantage to all Parties interested therein, if the same were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

4 A Petition

99

Bradley Inclo. sure Petition*

Colchester

Elc& ion — Petition of Mr. Tierney.

A Petition of Henry Lifter, Abraham

Beanlands, ‘John Oates, and William Brown, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor of Bradley, in the County of Yorkcertain Ings or Meadow Ground, called Bradley Ings, containing by Estimation Two hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and Two Moors or Commons, called Upper Bradley , and Lower

Bradley Common, containing together by Estimation Five hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that Lord George Henry Cavendish is Lord of the said Manor, and as such

entitled to the Soil and Royalties of the said Moors or Commons, and is also Owner of divers Lands and Tenements which have Right of Common on the said Moors or Commons, and of Lands lying in the said Ings or Meadow Ground; and that the said Henry Lifter, William Topbam, Abraham Beanlands, John Oates, and William Brown, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the ReGdue of the Lands and Tenements, within the said Manor, which are entitled to Right of Common on the said Moors or Commons, and also Owners of the ReGdue of the said Ings or Meadow Ground; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors in the said Ings or Meadow Ground lie dispersed and intermixed with each other, and the fame, as well as the said Moors or Commons, are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be.occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclostngthe said Ings or Meadow Ground, and Moors or Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. and Mr. Wil-

berforce,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, was delivered

in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That, at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of George Jack/on, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were

Candidates j and that Bezal Angier, Esquire, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, during the Poll which was taken at the said Election, behaved with gross and unjust Partiality towards the said George Jack/on, and did illegally and arbitrarily refuse to permit the Poll Clerks at the said Election to be sworn, and did wilfully and corruptly admit a great Number of Persons, who had no Right to vote, nor were qualifted in any Manner, to givp their Votes at such Election for the said George Jack/on, and did wilfully and knowingly reject the Votes of many Voters who were duly qualifted, and who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner; and that, on the Second Day of the Poll, the said Mayor did, at the Request of Francis Smythies, Esquire, Recorder of the said Borough, the avowed Friend and known Agent of Mr. Jack/on, arbitrarily adjourn the Poll, without assigning any legal or sufficient Pretence for so doing, and on the Third Day of the said Poll, did again adjourn the fame, for the occasional and fraudulent Purpose of admitting a Number of Persons to be Freemen of the said Borough, in order to enable them to vote for the said George Jack/on, and did accordingly admit such Persons to their Freedom, and did allow such occasional Eledlors to vote for the said George Jack/on, notwithstanding such Proceedings were repeatedly remonstrated against by, and on the Behalf of, the Petitioner; and that the said Mr. Jack/on, by himself and his Agents, before and at the said Election, was guilty of gross Bribery, in order to corrupt the Voters of the said

Borough, by giving, and promising to give, Money and other Rewards, to the Voters of the said Borough, and by other illegal, corrupt, and indirect Means, prevailed on many of the Voters of the said Borough to give their Votes at the said Election for the said Mr.

Jack/on, and in Consequence thereof, and by other partial, arbitrary, and illegal Conduct of the Returning Officer, he hath made it appear by the Poll Books, that there was an equal Number of Votes in Favour of the said Mr. Jack/on and of the Petitioner, in prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and who ought to have been returned to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-Gderation upon Tuesday the 24th Day of this Instan$

February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made in the 10th, .

11th, and 25th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties, and also to the Returning Officer; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on whole House, upon the Bill to provide for the Care R'gency Bill, of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wat/on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wat/on reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 90 die Februarii;

Anno 29* Georgii III'a Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

SJRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Aylefoury rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Wnt* new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir Thomas Halli/ax, deceased.

A Petition of Robert Thistlethwayte, Esquire, Lord Broughton of the Manor of Broughton, in the County of Southamp- {int‘J°fur* P* ton, and Owner as well of the perpetual Advowson and '10D*

Right

loo 9° Februarii. 1789.

Right of Presentation of and to the Rectory of ton, as Owner and Proprietor of several Farms, Yard Lands, Hereditaments, and Premisses, within the Pari (h of Broughton, and of the Reverend Alexander Thistlethwayte, the present Rector of ,of Sir

Charles Mill, Baronet, Denys Esquire, Thomas

South, Esquire) Thomas Gat, Esquire, Martha Steele, Widow, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and as Trustees for others, Owners and Pro?-prietors of Farms and Lands within the Parish of Broughton aforesaid, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, Four Manors; viz. the Manor of Broughton, belonging to the said Robert

tbwayte, the Manor of Roake, belonging to the said Martha Steele, the Manor of East Tuderley, belonging

to the said Denys Rolle, and another, belonging to the said Sir Charles Mill; and that there are, within the said Manors and Parish, Two Districts, the one called The Upper End of Broughton, and the other called The Lower End of Broughton, or Broughton Mitchel-Town; and that there are several Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Manors and Parish, containing together 2,700 Acres, or thereabouts, which may be greatly improved in Value, if divided into specific Allotments, according to each Person’s Right and Interest therein, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Jervoise, and Sir William Toung, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of ,"

and others, Land Owners in the said. County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed and advanced several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly laid out pursuant to the Directions thereof, and great Progress has been made in amending the said Roads, but the same cannot be effectually completed and kept in Repair, and the other Purposes of the said Act fulfilled, unless the Term thereof be enlarged, and further Powers granted to the Trustees for that Purpose; and that it would greatly tend to forward the making and repairing the Roads in the said County of Roxburgh, if new Regulations and Powers were given for regulating the Statute Labour within the said County: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and RestrictionO as to the House shall seem proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir George , Sir fames

Johnstone, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at' Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees and Creditors of the Turnpike Road from Tarporley to Atlon Bridge, in the County of Chester, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees of the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners (as Trustees) have made great Progress in the Execution of an Act, pafifed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Ailon Bridge, near in the same County, and have expended the Sum of £. 1,600, and upwards, in repairing and widening the said Road; and, that they have also taken up at Interest from the other Petitioners, as Creditors, the Sum of £. 1,300 upon the Credit of the Tolls arising

from the said Road, and the Sum of £. 255 is now owing for Interest thereon, which the Petitioners are unable to discharge out of the Tolls at present arising on the said Road; and that several Parts of the said Road are yet very narrow, and in bad Repair, and Three Miles and a Half thereof lie within the Forest of Delamere, which is Extra-parochial, and no Statute Duty performed thereon j and that the widening and repairing such Parts of the said Road, which are yet very narrow and in bad Repair, in a proper and effectual Manner, will cost, on a moderate Computation, the Sum of £. 1,400, and upwards, which the Petitioners are also wholly unable to raise on the Credit of the Tolls at present arising on the said Road, or to repay the Money now owing thereon, or proceed further in the Repairs thereof, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for augmenting the Tolls on the said Road, and for other the Purposes before mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Farbill, Secretary to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Account of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for Reduction of the National Debt. s

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth viz.

Tarporley Road Petition.

Account of Commissionera for Reduction of National Debt, presented.

yd Year.

The ACCOMPT of the Commissioner?, appointed by Act of Parliament, for Reduction of the National Debt

D'.

7th Quarter.

1788.

o

r

X

E

16. *3-

Total Calli recM.

To Exchequer Issue j To Dd on

£ 93o»°°0 <Jonfold -To Dd on £ 227,000 N. -To Dd on £. 89,000

LllUC

j

*7Sf - - -y Stock bought J I

Ftb. 5. B — I

7- I )itto — 1

8 E )iuo — J

12. E >itto — J

13. r )itto — 1

/ *4- 1 )itto — 1

15. i Ditto — 1

19. i Ditto — 1

20. ] [Ditto — j

21. ] Ditto — _|

22. ] Ditto —

26. 1 Ditto — I

27. Ditto — I

28. Ditto — j

29. Ditto — I

Mar. 4. By Stock bo* I

5- Ditto — I

6. Ditto — I

« Ditto — I

Ditto — 1

12. Ditto — I

*3- Ditto — 1

14. Ditto — 1

18. Ditto — I

19. Ditto — I

20. Ditto — I

26. Ditto — J

*7* Ditto — 1

28. Ditto — I

f>r. i* By Stock b J 1

2. Ditto — 1

3- Ditto — J

4* Ditto — 1

8. Ditto — - 1

O 9- Ditto — I

ro. . Ditto — |

ii . Ditto — - — I

|T . Ditto- — I

r6 . Ditto — . I

*7 . Ditto — 1

18 Ditto — . 1

O " Ditto — 1

Ditto —

3 .- Ditto — -> Ditto —

0. 3c h. By Stock bo* —

Total — *

250,000 — -

*3 950 ~ -

3,405 —

*>335 —

Old £0j*/£ Sea Ann9.

New Souib Sea Ann9*

Capital.

Price.

7-7 00

5.000 7-7°o

4.000

4>7oo

7.800

6.800

76

761

76

T6*

76

2,600 75J

7,700 76*

76

76

a,7°o J 74$

7.800 74 J

7.800 74J

7.4oo 7 jJ

268,690 ----- -j 79,700 J -

Sums paid. 1 Capital*

5.852 —

3,806 5 —

5.852 ——

3.045 ——

3,572 ——

2,600

2,000

Price.

Sums paid.

2,900

7,700

6,200

*»959 «S — I —

1,400

5,861 12 6| —

2,

5,928 ——

5,168 ----- --' —

2.004 15 — j 5,801 5 —

5>79l IO —

5,466 15 —

6o,io3 17 6

75t 1.953 S —

7 5a 1,510 ——

6,600 j 75l 4,983 ——

Annuities, 17.51.

Capital.

Price.

75 £ 2,189 IO —

75l 5.803 *7 6

75* 4.673 5 —

75l ,»°53 >o —

75* PS6 *°

5.500

5,200

i.5°o

1,400

75

4,125 ——

1,500

5,000

5,000

75 \ 3-900 ——

7\\ 1*113 2 6 75 l>°5° ——

415,600 — I 34>321 ——

*rt

/ 5r

75

7Sr

Sums paid.

2,700 75 2,025 — —

1,000 75* 75S

1,100 75* 830 10 —

2,000 75* 1,507 10 —

400 75* 302

1.>30 12

3,76l IO —

3.756 S — |

500

19,200

7S

Consol* Ann9.

Reduced Anni.

*45° 75r 1 4-7°° 75i

1,oco 75J

4,400 76

3,700 76

3.000 75 {-

7»8co

7.800

5,200

1,300

375 ——

14-444 7

17 5 i 17 5

7.600 75* }

2.700 I75J

7.700

I ,oco

7.700

7.800 7. "CO

7.700

7.700

7.800

7.700

7.700

7.700

7.800

7.800

6.800 2.300 5,000

7.700

75*

?!i

75* 75s 1 175 i

17)1

175* 75* 75, 75* 75* 7Si 75 i 75*

194-95°

Capital. I Price. Sums paid.

6,300 75’. *

7,800 75*

5.900 75*

7,700 75* t

Capital, Price.

Sums paid.

apiUlm I the Stock*. 1

-853

3,506

6 —

6 —

758 «S —

3.344 -

2,812 — —

1.700

5.700

76*

76*

i.3°*

4>267

12

12

2,276 5 — — I —

5,886 15 — 5,850 ——

3,906 IO — 986 7 6

5.000 76£

3,825 —

5 748 5 — — 1 -

2,041 17 6 —

758 15 — 5,832 15 —

5.889 ——

5,819 ——

5,803 17 6

5,800 2 6

5.889 ——

5.823 2 6

5.823 x 6

5.823 - 2 6

5,898 15 —

5.889 ——

5.134 ——

1,736 to — 3.78i 5 —

5,813 10 —

4.749 —

5.889- ~

4-4S4 «

5»793 —

— ‘47,263 7 t

1,000 74*

2,6co

500

74*

74*

16,5001 —

74S ——

*>94°- S —

371 *7 6

Total Caih paid.

-VO

O

w

o

7.750

7.700

7.700 7.70?

7.7

7.700

7.700

7.700

7.700 7.7CO

7.700

7.700

7.800

7.800

7.800

7.700

7.700 7.650 7,600

7.700

7.800

7.700

7.800

7.700

7.800

7>7co

7.700

7.700

7.800

7.700

7.700 7»*oo 7,8co

7.800

7.800

7.800

7.700

7.700

7.800

7.800 7,8or

7.800

7.800

7.800

7.700 7.900


5 ~

5.831 12 6

5.831 2 6

5.852 ——

5,813 10 — 5,867 12 6 5.875 2 6

5.852 -

5,855 10 —

5.857 ——

5.803 17 6

5,848 s —

5.803 17 6

5.886 1 5,850 5,866 5 — 5,864 17 6

5.861 12 6

57'9 ~ 5.748 -

5,798

✓ 5-9*8

5,832 15 — 5,926 15 —

- S.832 15 "

5.889 ——

5.819 — 5.803 17 5,800 2

5.889 _

5,8*3 2 6*

5.823 2 6

5.823 2 6

5,898 )5 —

5.889 ——

' 5»s79 ——

5,861 10 —

5

2

vo

0

r

6

6

12,552 7 6 355.95°

268,690 -- —

New South Sea Anni

Df.

8th Q\

1788.

sf/r. 11, 18,

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

FT

11.

24.

Mtij z

6.

7

8.

9

M

‘.i:

20.

21.

22.

=3-

27-

28.

3°.

3*

5-

6.

10.

12.

n-

17.

18.

IQ.

2 3.

» > 26. 27-7^/y l. 2

3.

4.

8.

9.

10.

11.

15

16.

>7-

18.

22.

23-

*4-

29.

30. 3i-

To Exchequer I due To D4 ou

£. 450,000 Reduced To Dd c

/.4V.0000U 1

u* Si it -

To A Year

Ann* -

To Unclaimed 7

Life Afiii* - 3 To Expired D®

By Stock bought —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

[Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

[Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — "

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

r >v Stock bought — Ditto — - —

Ditto — —

Ditto —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

!Ditto — —

Ditto — —

[Ditto — —

| Ditto — —

iDitto — —

j By Stock bought — Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — — -

Ditto — —

By Stock bought —

Total —

TntJ

Caih iece’4.

2CO.COO -

6."50 --

6*555 — 12,500 —

9*633 2

i,606 15

297,044 17

Old South Sea Ann*.

Capital. Price. Sums paid.

i 1,000 73*' 737 »0 —

8,600 74. 6,364 15 —

5.400 74 3,996

3»S00 73j 2,385 12 6

8,800 lil 6,490 — —

8,700 73* 6,427 2 6

4,000 74. 2,965

I 5* 1 0 O 74i 4,826 5 —

3, I0Q 74} 2,305 12 6

3»3°° 74} *»45° 5 —

8,800 74i 6*534

3,000 74i 2,*3> 5 —

6,000 74} 4,462 10 —

4.65° 74l 3,452 <2 6

650 74r 483 8 9

2,000 74j 1,485

5,000 74* 3,712 10 —

1,300 74} 965 5 _

84,300 — 62.474 13 9

Capital. Price. Sums paid.

1,000 74} 1 O +

— —

3,50° 75 2,625 — —

— —

— __

7,600 74} 5,671 10 —

" —

— — _

6,700 74i 5,008 5 —

" — —

— ’ — —

— — — .

— _ —

4.90 73i 3,601 10 —

— — *

3,600 73* 2,646 — —

— —

27,300 — 20,299 15 —

Annuitie#. *75«- Consol* Ann*. Reduced Ann*. < '

Capital n ai 1 «v A

Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums p*id. the Stock.:. Calli paid.

7.700 75 \ 5,784 12 6 8,700 6,522 2 6

700 74* 523 5 — 6,900 75* i 5,194 10 — — — — 8,600 6*465 5 —

— — 8,600 75* 6,471 10 — — — — 8,60C 6,471 10 —

— — — 5,000 75* 3*775 — — — 8,500 6,400 — —

— — 8,500 75* I 6,407 IO - 8,500 6,407 10 —

— - _ — — 8,600 6,364 15 —

— — — 8,600 75* " 6,460 I5 — — — 8,600 6,460 15 —

— — — 3*3°° 75f 2,487 7 6 — — — 8,700 6,483 7 6

— — — 8,700 75? 6,546 15 — — — — 8,700 6,546 15 —

— — — 5,100 75i 3,837 15 — — — — 8,600 6,423 7 6

1,000 74* 746 5 - — — 8,600 6,417 15 —

— 8,600 75* 6*45° '5 — — — — 8,600 6,450 ij —

— — — - 8,600 75? 6,471 IO — — — — 8,600 6,471 *° "

— - — — 8,800 6.490 — —

— - — — — 8,700 6,427 2 6

2,100 74l 1,569 15 - — — 8,800 6,578 — —

2,000 74l 1,496 s — — " — 6,700 74* 5,coi 17 6 8,700 6,499 2 6

— — — — - 4,610 74* 3,445 19 6 8,6 ic 6,410 19 6

— - 8,590 75 6,442 10 — 8,590 6,442 10 —

— - 8,600 74} 6*439 5 — 8,600 6*439 5 —

— - 2,200 75 74* 1,648 I5 8,700 6*475

— - 8,600 74* 6,439 5 " 8,600 6*439 5 —

— — — " — 5*5°° 75 4,125 8,600 6,430 12 6

— - 8,600 75 6,45° 8,600 6,45°

— - S»3°° 75 3,968 7 6 8,600 6,418 12 6

— - 8,600 74* 6,428 IO — 8,600 6,428 10 —

— — — — — " 8,700 74* 6,503 5 — 8,700 6,503 5 —

— - — — 8,800 6*534

— - 8,600 74* 6,428 10 — 8,600 6,428 10 —

— - 5 >600 74} 4* *93 8,600 6,424 5 —

— - — 8,600 74} 6*439 5 — 8,600 6.439 5 —

— - 2,700 74* 2,021 12 6 8,700 6,484 2 6

— — — 8,700 74 73} 6,432 15 — — ~ — — 8,700 6,43* 15 —

— — 4,000 74 2,960 — — — — 8,650 6,412 12 6

— — _ 8,800 74 - 6,512 — — — 8,800 6,512 — — .

— — — 8,000 74 5,920 — — — 8,650 6,403 8 9

— — — 8,800 73} 6,501 — — — — 8,800 6,501

— — ( 6,800 74 73s 5,029 IO — — — — 8/800 6,514 10 —

— ' — 3,800 74 2,812 - 8,700 6,413 10 —

— — — 3,700 74 2,738 — — — 8,700 6,450 IO —

— — — 8,700 74 6,438 — — — 8,700 6,438

— — — 7,500 74 5,550 — ' — — 8,800 6,515 5 "

3*300 7 Si 2,425 IO — 1,900 74 1,406 - 8,800 6,477 10

— — 8,700 74| 6,448 17 6 — — 8,700 6,448 17 6

— — — 8,700 74f 6,448 17 6 — —: — 8,700 6.448 17 6

— — — 5»25° 74} } 3,1-98 6 3 3,400 75 2,55° 8,650 6,448 6 3

9,100 — " 6,761 — — 172,950 — 128,983 6 3 104,900 — 78,526 2 — 398,550 297,04417 —

r

o

00

*s

a.

S

H

.S3

_ 0

Cl- 1> rj JS

u *-

t5

3.

6

3

CO

I I |» |» I I I I I I 11 I tl l'"l'°l'‘>l IIIIIIM I 1-°

Nlltl O " ° £"2 2 IT | o N cr, OOOO O M NON| "'2"'| iT^I - "^2 - I *'-;r2 "

*+> N s#-00 us 00 ^-o N- OOOO O INOO ONI^O ^00 N O,

_ . _ _ A /vs — _ Y r^\ . /-s «o r^vA v A /v%

QVVO r*s — VO OO i' crvSO \C vO

8 8 S,

UM^\

In in tN-tN NNNKNNNN

C

VC

I I I I I I I I || O I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i I I I I I I I I I

T3

3

"a

I I I III I I III £1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I III I I I I I 1 I I £

3

a

‘a.

u

1

11111111111!i11111111111111111111111111111111111IE

i 11

»0 H I O

VO 1 1 1 1 VO 1 1 , 1 vO SO VO 1 1 1 1

N 1 1 -M2 I I OO ts rs H lllf O Is, us ill UN vt ?. 1 M S.1 IN ^O. 1 CK US 'S UN US

1 — UNO© N

ir\ ON VO InvO us VO VO VO us us us VO VO c^NVO

us US + u\ UN N us us VO *r\ U> UN USW UN

IN,) ^NON^O^^I o

00 yQOO-N^NON

a

o

O

*- bo-«tfoM|n 1oo \r\

NNNKNKtsN

"4: t^t\t\ I I T$"-f "4? 111 I I

In fs In In In In In In In IN in Is In In Is in In N In In Is in In in

____; __________________________________________________

§ I hlS i l.i i i illll i %\ ii |I i J i J i |i |i |i |i |||i |i4111 III-

>" mN NO* t^AO is Is N N N Is N Is ts+rs N 4'0 ts Is.

s

tpi

*3

"3

u

t

i i

I . 2

I I I

I 2 2 |

l.i . i.

ii«iiiiiiiiii~iiiiii*i'siiiil'.uuiiiiiiuiii;iiii

*m 00 00 IN - 'O c*s On

00

US

NO VO % us N

0

8

I iSlII I I I I I Il$l I I I I l$l£lll I IRIRISI II I I IlSl ll?l I I I

111111111111181111111 i |i 11111 ilili 111 n 111111111 i

" m f* In co cn;

a

a

3

«o

U

Z

NO , 1 1

3 H O o M o

eL £ 1 £ 1 1 £v 1 2-1

| o o so VO VO

(A ~ + vA vA us

8 *c Mf 1 1« Ittl tN|bO »s

PN. In in In IN In

VO N UN

1 1 1 1 1. 1 1 1

O l\ l c<s o M il US o 1 il us o

VO VO 'I oo us C^N H UN so r*s OS

us UN w us N us cs

IN IN In IN IN IN

In K N N N N K

a

*E.

n

U

8 8

8 888 88888 8 8888888

i si lim'si 1111111 s151's1114111115-1 si si si sii i ?1111

o

( > o

0

C

8

«o

o

at

Co

2

O

o+

Cm

u

SO

2 . I

VO O

UN t*N

SO 1 VO VO VO

IN O In In In

V 1 M l l \Z \Z l M

SO vO

ON 00 ON Os On

US UN US us us

us US vA UN iA

i VO 1 1

UN H US o

i :i 00 i: i On "*

s r* O

IN UN «y-» o

cn w 4

v0

tsloo ~|b»

trtn v>lao -«»+

i ‘SI KI111 si gi 111 SI si si si 111111II111111II11 Sir I mlt

o o

o o

o o

I si Jl I I I si Si l

8 8 § °

11 |i si Mi 1111 ii 1111111111111\si i si r

o o O O 8 O o

1 us 1 1 CS 1 1 M 1 c*s 1 * UN

u

1

I I I I

I I

I I

o

us

O

us

so

£ I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I M I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I |

O oo us _«

! 'I I I I I I I I I I I I I I^I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i I II II I I I I I I I I I

I. J.3 J |1' 1 1 I I I 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 iji 1 I 1 1 1 I I I 1 1 1 1 1 |J! I 1 I 1 I 1 I 1 I 1 I I I

jjo^^oo^ods u u

rOCo

i I

JC

oo

I li

On M M m *

u „ q w><3> "^8®2222222222222«222222222222222g222222S22222222£g

h« M H H cq cq ca

GQ1

Q

E-

d so

un<^ |noo ">

J

ir ov 2 n *1 'S 0\*^-i-usOvO - NVO 1^00 CN m i^s^o O ri cn tNOti cJvO 4 u-\so ts« n

mn^«nhnNNNNW

09 o

Ov O -M cts CIS

104 Februarit. 1789. '

6 *S c. 4 O H > | jvOVO J j JNOVO v° | | | | vO | J >0 | | NOO , | | |^ w | HH222SMNiT^| ^^2 °!TU"‘| N 1 1 I NO + N* vo ro «o Onno 01 ^«o no oo oo 00 NO n »#i n ^-vo ia O n 'O ia »a wma u> n n O * ro — VO rs. ^-00 NVO M t\ r^'O On — O OO 'O Cs vo -1*00 OStN Ovuv iaO Vn 0 — OVO vo ft nwwww - ON ts Hf|NMNMinNNM*«MM-<ONNMNN(4N*MM«(4NNNNNntnM«MNNNMNN-N NO >0 VO vO VO VO 'O ^'0'0'0v0v0v0'0v0v0v0v0v0v0v0>0v0v0v0'0'0 VcT vd vcf vO 'O VO vcT VQvOvO'O'OvOvOvOvO'O Mill 1 1^1 8 S$8v on o\ O vo ON is »s OvO M H M 1 rs On rs UA o ft mm mm

Si 8 8 888888888888888 Si 88888888888888888888888888 ir»vO VO VO 'O VO vanO voo VO VO vavnO uasO vo vfi ca ia ua>0 vO nO nO no NO VO N QD 00 00 00 01 00 OO 00 10 00 00 00 OO 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 CO* 00 00 00 00* 00 00 00 (» 00 CO 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 OO m' 01 OOOO 0 CAN *s\ N A wnOn N Ovoo WTN 00 no On «o to mtotn o UTN cn NO o IA

i a < 1 a 8 a: 1 6 9 V) I'0 1 1 1 1 Mill .1 1 II 1 1 1 1 M 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 if-ij^l «| iiiiil 1fM-IIII11II oo O nva vf*oo rs >a^O NO rs M 0\N N N M -1 N N N U1N OO 00 %0 Novo' no VO NO NO NO VO VO «nvO VO | NO K N covo IS «N NC N IAVA O N of ft ao rs n 1 rs M rs On On n Cs mm

1 11111111111111 ii i F£^1TE i £ i slErrr i i j? i i '£i i i i i i i i 1111 1

3 > 888888 8 88888 8 8 VO — NO VO VO t^N »A» VO \Q IA OMA VO N 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 «»*o$ I oo* oo*ae*00* *oo' 1 vo' | - | | | |; 8 8 3 8 ISO O «^v o fn ♦vcT A* O — 4 mm 8 mm A LA AO ««

r C a < m 3 a 0 U & i 9 VI VOVO , VO , JVOVO |0 , || M II II II II H« , «o oo««r^| -> 1 2 2 - IIMIIII NO^-N| O 1 »oOv|(»nin»^N«vo« I I I I I I I I I I 1 I 1 I I 4-NNVO 1 iaiaia»aiaO\n'o «A" ro 1 vo oo n isno *v»oo|||J l||vo vovo - 1 t N. 1 " " *1 " N N. -^h*.^h nnnnnO^'O no vo vO to vo NO-VO vOvOvONOtf C«nO^>0vov©~vO'O 4* VO J Jvo -2 ** M- O *N WV vo OVOO o Q SO GV w ♦oo ao n > N W *+ + m m to A ft % On AO «TN

1 «a|h ..... w »|n Mm I 1 1 I I 1 1 I I I I 1 I I iNnNNlNNNNNMNM rs rs rs rs ts ts 1 rsrsrsis!sr^r*»ts I 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 I 1 cs is is cs NNMsNrsrws Mil 1

i 'Cm ft u OOOO O OO OOOO OOOO QOQQQOOOO o o <S o OO OOOO OOOO OOOO ‘Cl 1 1 1 , 1 , . |VOOvr\- ( NO vq NO O vO sO SD 00* 00* OO / I 00 ( 00* 00 00 00 00 OO to I 1 I I I ( 1 I 1 1 1 I I I 1 ~ W 00 vo' I OO OO OO OO 00 >Am VO oooo 0 LA l/N VN — On On ft N N *& 00 KNOS o to AO ft tt Cs

»A rs M O -4 I 1 5 1 1 1 1 i iii^iii111111*,iii~1111111111 ji O 1111111111 ro OO — NO o rs. «s\ <4* co vo ro w V° JVC 1 00 «t Ml v^. ft ft vo *^ rs. Ov lanvO 1 1 rs IA On IA ♦

'3 a a < i a* 1 1 1 1 tt 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1«1 $ 1 -£ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1? 1 1 1 II (1 1 I 1 f 1 N N N (s N 1 II 1 1 . 1 I'l 1 i

s & 0 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i"l|l"! 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 l|l 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 OOOO oooo O fs A N f^N O On On mm (t m o 8 rt VO

a 0 < 6 1 1 VI III 1 1 IA o ON wv 1111 o i i m 1111 <? 11111 1111111111113-1 i m 111 m i M N N t*- rt N A A «v A a M vO UN A- fcn M 1 N 1 ^1 O Ov rnm O ft ON H nJ-N to O VO O 4- N Ml n NO rs mm mm N A IA

s CO U £ 111 f£i 11 si 111 \t\111111111111111 m i m 111 i-Ei' II II 1

z 3 0 8 S 8 o o ° 111 ill 11^11111^111111IIII111111 Irfl 1121111 l:*l 1 8 8 8 8 OV Ov rnvO r\fj tv ia N O N t m 8 rs ro o N

0 u 0? ii i£f£i 1111111111111111 su ;u i \t\t\i m 11111111 1II1 1

3 Cm «t O 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 1J lo?l£l 1 1 I 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1512*I 1 1 SIS 1 1 III 1 1 1 11 I I I 8 8 8 8 00 Vf> t^s °S-£o2-£ 8 ft to oo ft *

& M O 6 y ‘u u 0 1 H 111 1 11 1 1 8 8 8 8 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 0 O 1 N O OO On M IA ft II II 1 1 ^1 o IA> O O ON 1 q on o no On rs.ao rs is* on^ N rf ft r rs Ov rs vo o ft m A

1 I | I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I | 1 I I 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 I 1 I I 1 II 1 M M JU U slgll§f*f i11111111111 \i1 i111111111111 *3111111111111 !l V U VO t y U g >VcS o T2q . — ,*;oooo2oooo2ooooqoooo2 l? o ^0 ’/)2---"-«""-A-p'/)s-uS2Ss:«si;r"--:/5stiSwtiu2S2wt:ssw bbh h ^CQSQCbQQQ5QQ5mQQQQQQQai5QQOQSQ*QQQ53Qia5'6i5‘oOQM II II yti'dti O O\oo N o b 1 %m ft %» > rO *3 mm O H

00 00 ia K N NO N - N WN *t-00 OO A »A o Nob N IfN UN (O O — «S vQ N00 On O — N fs.00 ON sr>VO 6 " N» On ? i B S a |

Ordered

An ACCOUNT of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and of the Annual Allowances settled by the Commissioners of the Treasury for their Service, Pains, and Labour, in performing the Trust severally reposed in them.

Secretary

Agent

Broker

Clerk

MdTenger

Total of Salaries — 1,230 — —

W

n

An ACCOUNT of Incidental Charges.

Total of Incidental Expences

90 ——

1

An ACCOUNT of expired Terim and Annuities.

VO

o

tn

o

To Calli received by unclaimed and expired Annuities between the ift Day of Feb. 1788 and the ift of Feb. 1789 — 11,239 — —

To Ditto by expired Terms — — — 25,000 — —

ACCRUING INTEREST.

Accruing Interest

108,780 — —

IV. W. Grenville.

IV. Pitt.

R. P. ylrden,

r. H'a’.ker.

Edwd Darell.

Mark Weyland. q

Account from the Bank, ot Retluction of National Debt* predated.

106 90 Februarit, A. 1789.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Receipt and Expenditure of £. 1,120,579. 17s'. in Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. One Year, from February ad 1788 to January 31st

1789, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of The House being informed that Mr. Nevrland, the National Debt; and of the Receipt of £.282,850, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of to be applied in the Quarter between the ift February England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, and ift May 1789. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the And then he withdrew.

Directions of an Act of Parliament, And the Title of the said Account was read.

An Account, from the Bank of England,of the The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £. 1,120,579. 17. in One Year, from February ad 1788 to January 31st 17S9, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th of Geo. 111.

for the Reduction of the National Debt.

o

o

o

7T

Dr

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

To Cash paid for the following Stock, purchased as the A&

directs,

Capital Stock.

722,350 Confor 3 per Cent. Ann* _ __

235,100 Reduc’d Ann’ Confol4 _ _ _

283,200 Old South Sea Ann’ —

£03,700 New South Sea Ann* — __

62,000 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 — . ___

1,506,350 Thelnterest on which is^.45,190. 10

539,002

173.997

210,381

151,241

s. d.

3 17 —

3

17 6

45-957 -

By Cash received at sundry Times} viz*.

From the Exchequer, being Quarterly Issues — — —

For 6 M®’* Int. on 930,000 Confol4 3 per Cent. Ann*, due 5th 1788 —

D® — 227,000 New Scuth Sea Ann* — D° — — *

D® — 89,000 £. 3 per Cent.Ann’, 1751 D® — —

D® — 450,000 Reduc'd Ann* Confol4, due —

D° — 437,000 Old South Sea Ann* — 1)° — —

D* — 1,234,000 Confol4 3 per Cent. Ann*, due 5 July 1788 —

D® — 3 io,oco New South Sea Ann* — D* — —

D® — 119,000 /. 3 per Cent.Ann* 1751 D® — —

D® - — 560,00c Reduc’d Ann* Confol4, due 10 1788 —

D® — 600,000 Old South Sea Ann* — D® —

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann* on Lives payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for 3 Years before the 5th 1788

D® —

Ann*

*745

1746 1757 1779

being the Amount of Ann* on Lives expired between the 5th Jan’J 1786 and 5th 1788 } viz'.

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuity 1777

82 ----- -’

767 ——

719 15 — 38 — -

1,120,579 17 —

i- * *

1,000,000 — —

13,950 ——

3,405 ——

*>3.35 ——

6,750 ——

6.555 ——

18,510 — —

4,650 ——

1,785 ——

8,400 ——

9,000 — —

I9.633 4 —

14

Vo

O

O

i,6c6 15

25,000 — 1,120,579 17 —

VO

3:

0

1

Bank of England, 9th February, 1789.

By Cash received at sundry Times, to be applied in the Quarter between the ift of February

and the ift of May 1789}

1789. !

Jan'J 21. From the Exchequer, being in Part of a Quarterly Issue — —

I-

For 6 M°’*Int. on 1,600,000Confol4 $pe Ann*, due 5th Jan'J 1789

D® — 440,000 New South Sea Ann* — D° —

D® — 150,000 £.3 per Cent.Ann* 1751 D* —

31. From the Exchequer, in full of the Quarterly Ififue — —

I-

,37»893 10 4

24,000 —

6,600 — ____

2,250 ——

112,101 9 8

282,850______

O

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

Wy Drainige Petition.

Commitfff rn

Kc^cuc) B ii.

9° — 10° F

A \ 1789.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Most Noble Marquis and the humble Petition of the several Commissioners, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in a certain Dif-tridl of Fen Lands, called Middle Fen Dislriff, lying between Ely and Sobam, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Commissioners, Owners and Proprietors of Land in the aforesaid District, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, other- wife Grant, Ouze, and Mildenball Rivers, and

bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJlebam, Fordbam, Sobam, and and for

impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the " Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to " fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invejled Landsand that the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have, at a great Expence, raised Banks, erected Engines, cut Drains, and done other Works for the better Preservation thereof, which have obliged them to borrow large Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Act; and that the Floods of late Years have risen to extraordinary Heights, and come down with such Violence against the said Banks, as to occasion great Breaches therein, which obliged the Commissioners to lay out further large Sums in heightening and strengthening the said Banks, and securing the said Breaches, and on other necessary Works which the Nature of the Undertaking required, whereby the Debt contracted on the Credit of the said Act is now become so heavy, as not to leave, after Payment of the Interest and Officers Salaries, a Sum anyways sufficient to carry on the said Work of Drainage, by which the whole Under-

o 9 *

taking is likely to fail, to the great impoverishment of many Families, and to the great Detriment of the said Creditors, unless timely relieved by the further Aid of Parliament; and that the Banks of the several Rivers adjoining to, or running by, the Lands comprised in the said Act, and which are under the Direction of the said Commissioners, are greatly damaged by Horses towing or haling Vessels along the said Rivers, and occasions a considerable additional Expence to the Proprietors of the said Lands, in keeping the said Banks, Haling Ways, and Towing Paths, in Repair, and the Petitioners therefore hope, that the House will think it real'onable that some Compenfa-tien should be made by the Owners of Boats and other Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, to be applied in Aid of the Rates authorized to be raised by the said Act towards supporting and maintaining the said Banks and Towing Paths: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said former Act, and for more effcdlually draining the said Lands, and supporting the said Banks and other Works belonging thereto, in such Manner, and under such Powers and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole I Toufe, to consider further of the Bill to provide for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Adminiilrarion of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr% Alderman JVatfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wation reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill j and that they had Notice that there was a Mef-sage from the Lords j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Melfage received, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lora*

Mr. Leeds: will proceed

- . „ , on Monday on

Mr. Speaker, Mr. Hasting*'*

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Trial.

House, That their Lordships will proceed further in

the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday

next.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider further RtsencyBllL* of the Bill to provide for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on 'Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martisy 1 o° die Februarii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

A PETITION of His Majesty’s Justices of the Petition* from Peace for the County of Berks, assembled at the Herua^alnft Quarter Sessions held in and for the said County, on the County the 13th Day of January 1789, and of other Justices Eleaion*A£L of the Feace in and for the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, upon taking into Consideration an Act passed in the last Selbon of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, they are unanimously of Opinion, that the said Act may, in its Operation, tend to defeat its intended Purpose, as many Freeholders, through Ignorance or Inattention, may lose the Opportunity of exercising that Franchise which, by the Constitution of this Country, is attached to their Freeholds; and that the Expence of executing the said Act is extremely oppressive and unequal, as falling wholly upon the Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, the greater Part of whom are not Freeholders, and have no Right to vote at Elections for County Members; and that the Persons required by the said Act to register the Freeholds, He-5 ing

io° Februarii.

109

ing for the most Part supported b.y their Personal In- Road made from thence to join the said Branch,

duftry, are greatly burthened by the Duty imposed in the Parish of in the said County of Oxford:

on them, for Want of an adequate Compensation for And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to their Loss of Time, Labour, and Trouble; and the bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Act, Toy making the Certificate of Registration the the said Act, ‘palled in the Eighteenth Year of His conclusive Evidence of the Right to vote, and by an- present Majesty, and for amending and making the nulling the Freeholders Oath, required to be taken by said other Road from the Corner of Lane to

the Eighteenth of George the Second, takes away the principal Means of ascertaining the Right of voting at the Time of taking the Poll, and by annulling the judicial Power of the Sheriff, must force the Parties complaining of the Election to seek Relief by a less speedy and more expensive Mode of Decision: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration the Propriety of repealing the said Act, and of providing for the Payment of the Expences already incurred by the part-Execution of it, by some other Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

the said Enflow Branch of Road, in the said Parish of

Holtqri, to' be used in (lead of the said Road through 'Cheyney Lane,znd up Sbotover Hill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Mr. , Lord Charles

Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Means than out of the County Rates.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Pearce of the County of Hertford, in Quarter Session assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and that, upon a careful Perusal of the said Act, the Petitioners

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of 'Thomas Page, Esquire, Lord of the Cobham I«-Manor of Cobbam, otherwise Covebam, in the Parish of Peu' Cobham, otherwise Covebam, in the County of and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Copyhold

are greatly alarmed at the heavy Expence which will Lands and Tenements lyingwithin, and holden of, the be brought upon the said County in case the said Act said Manor, was presented to the House, and read;

is carried into Execution, and they also conceive, that the same cannot be carried into Execution, according to the strict Letter, without the greatest Difficulty and Inconvenience: And therefore praying. That the House will take such Measures as they shall see fit, for repealing the said Act, or amending the same.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Setting forth, That the said Thomas Page is entitled, as Lord of the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Covebam, to Fines, Heriots, and other Manerial Services, and is willing to enfranchise the Copyhold Estates held of the said Manor, and extinguish certain other Manerial materially altering and Services within the same, on having a Compensation

made to him, by Inclosure of Parts of certain Com-

Stokenchurch Road Petition,

mons, or Waste Grounds, called Common and

lying in the Manor and Parish aforesaid, which will be of mutual Benefit to the Lord and A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Tenants of the said Manor, and of public Utility, as the Care of the Road from Stokenchurch to Enflow the said Commons or Waites cannot be improved in Bridge, and other Roads, in the County of Oxford, their present State: And therefore praying, That whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for setting out to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Three and allotting to the said Thomas Page, certain Parts of Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King the said Commons or Waste Grounds, called George the First, the Thirteenth Year of King George Common and Chatley Heath, as a Compensation for the Second, and the Second Year of His present Ma» enfranchising the Copyhold Estates held of the said jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sto- Manor, and extinguishing certain other Manerial kenebureb, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, Rights of the said Thomas Page, within the said and from the said Bridge to Enflow Bridge, and from Manor.

Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen College, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Beg-broke, to New Woodstock, in the said County; and that an Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, whereby the Term granted by the said former Acts was further continued, the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts repealed, and others granted in lieu thereof; and that considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, great Part of which Hill remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in proper Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament; and Alledging, That the Road down Sbotover Hill, being a Part of the said Road from Stokenchurch towards Oxford, is very steep and dangerous, whereby many Ac-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord William Russell and Sir Joseph Mawbey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the'Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two

Forehoe Poo# Petition rc« ported.

cidents have happened to Carriages and Travellers, Acts, passed in the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Years and, ^from the Situation of the Road turning round of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief and ~ ~ Employment of

Foreboe, in the And,

A Member, who is a Director and acting Guardian of the Poor of the said Hundred, being present, in

the Corner at the Bottom of Cheyney Lane, Carriages are frequently overturned, and several Persons have been killed, and others grievously hurt thereby, and, that it would be more commodious, and less dangerous to Travellers, if, inllead of the said Road from the Poor within the County of Norfolk,

Hundred of read;:

were

the Corner of Cheyney Lane, through the said Lane, up formed the Committee, That the Directors and ^sting Sbotover Hill, to the Enflow Branch of Road near Guardians had raised the Sum of £. 11,000 under the Wheatley, the Road from the Bottom of the said Lane, First of the said Acts, by the granting of Annuities, up Headington Hill,over the Common Fields, to or payable out of the Rates, and had borrowed the Sum near the Village of Forestbill, was amended, and a new of £. 2,500 at Interest, upon the Credit of the Rates Vol. XLIV. F f granted

Ely Drainage Petition referred to t Committee.

Xnftru£Hon,&c. to Committee appointed tm couiKier Act . for regulating the Trials ot controverted Elections.

Petition from Southampton reipecting the Kcgcncy Bill*

HO

I o° — 110

A. 1785).

granted by the other of the said Acts, and that the said Money hath been duly laid out in purchasing Ground, and erecting and furnishing Buildings, and other Ways in the Execution of the said Acts; but that' the Produce of the Rates not being sufficient to pay the said Annuities, and the Interest of the Money borrowed, and to maintain and support the Poor of the said Hundred, a Debt of upwards of 1,260 hath been incurred since the passing of the said Acts; and that in order to defray the Expences of carrying the said Acts into Execution, and to pa/ off the said Debt, it will be necessary to hive Power to lay additional Rates, and to borrow a further Sum of Money. And he added. That he thinks it would be a Benefit to the Corporation, if all the Rates were consolidated and made One General Fund.

Another Member present, who is also One of the Directors and acting Guardians, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Foreboe, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Hobart, Sir John , and Sir Edward AJlley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Most Noble Marquis rownjben and the humble Petition. of the several Commissioners, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in a certain District of Fen Lands, called Middle Fen Dislrift, lying between Ely and bam, in the County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Commissioners, Owners and Proprietors of Land in the aforesaid District, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: -

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " further Regulation of the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inftrodion to the Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration so much of the said Act as relates to the Fees to be demanded and taken for, or in respect of, the Examination of the Sureties, the Report thereon, and the taking the »Recognizances therein mentioned and also for, or in respect of, ascertaining and taxing the Costs and Expences therein mentioned, and the Report to be made thereon, That they do consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the entering into such Recognizances, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That they arc perfcdly fcnfiWc that it is the Right and Duty

of Parliament to provide, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s present unhappy Malady, for securing to the Subject the full Benefit of a Government of Energy and Effed, in a Manner consistent with the happy Constitution of this Kingdom, with the Peace and Unity of the whole British Empire, and with the uninterrupted Exercise of Royal Power in the House of Brunswick} and that they fee in the Bill to provide

for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness, certain Provj-fions and Regulations which have created in them a sensible Alarm left those Parliamentary Powers, Rights, and Duties should not be exercised in a same of the highest Importance to the Public Safety and Welfare: And therefore praying, That in the Provisions that shall be made for ascertaining the Return of His Majesty’s Capacity for the Personal Exercise of His Government, and the Provisions that shall be made for the Re-assumption of the fame, that Parliament shall not relinquish those Powers which they hold in Trull: for the People, nor delegate into the Hands of any Individual or Descriptions of Men, those Parliamentary Fundions, and those Means of Parliamentary Enquiry, which have been justly deemed necessary when the Exercise of His Majesty’s Personal Authority was suspended, left Alterations in Government, made under doubtful and suspicious Circumstances, should destroy all Confidence in Government, and abate its necessary Force and Vigour j and that, in all Provisions which shall be made in the intermediate Time, Care should be taken that nothing should be established which shall tend to weaken, dillrad, and divide the temporary Government, or destroy the Harmony that ought to prevail in the Royal Family.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to provide for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refilmed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wation reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further.of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee on Regency Bill.

Mercurii, 11° die Februarii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

AP E TIT IO N of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Bath, in Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read i Setting forth. That there are, within the City of Bath, several Streets, Lanes, Courts, and other public Passages (some of them leading to the Pump Rooms and Baths which

are

Bath Streets Petition.

Bakers Company Petition.

Saint Chad's Church Petition,

ip GEOi III;

11

0 Februari

lit

are very narrow and incommodious, and, in many Parts, dangerous to the Inhabitants, and all Persons rcforting to the said City; and that if proper Powers Were given to widen, enlarge, and render more commodious for Passengers and Carriages, the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, and other public Passages, and also to design, make, open, and lay out, certain other new Streets and Passages, to render the Pump Rooms and Baths of ealier Access, and to form more commodious Communications between different Parts of the said City, it would not only be very beneficial and advantageous to the Inhabitants thereof, but to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill For the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Bay bam, Mr. ney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Bakers, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, with their Brethren of the Commonalty, are an ancient Corporation, instituted by

sent Church Yard is too small and inconvenient, and the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, are deprived of a Place to affem-ble in to hear Divine Service; and that it will be necessary to erect a new Church for the said Parish, and to purchase another Bury ing Ground, and a large Sum of Money must be raised for those Purposes, all which the Inhabitants of the said-Pafilh are not enabled to do without the AlTiftance of Parliament i And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Provisions and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Richard

Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Pbelips reported from the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of con-tc troverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament," as relates to the Fees to be demanded and taken, for, or in respect of, the Examination of the Sureties, the Report thereon, and the

Report from Committee appointed to consider for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections.

Royal Charter for the Purposes of supervifing and taking the Recognizances therein mentioned, and also teaching by Apprenticeships, and according to the for or in respect of ascertaining and taxing the Costs Customs of the City of London, the Art and Trade of and Expences therein mentioned, and the Report to be making and baking Bread for public Sale, and for re- made thereon, and to report the fame, with their gulating the Makers and Sellers thereof within the Opinion thereupon, to the House; and who were City and Liberties of London, and certain Dill rifts ad- instructed to consider of Rules and Regulations to be joining thereto; and that, by the late Extension of established for the better ascertaining and taxing such the Streets and Buildings of the said Metropolis, and Costs and Expences; and also, to consider of so much by some Alterations in the Trade itself, some Doubts of the said Act as relates to the entering into such have arisen whether the Powers and srovisions con- Recognizances, and to report their Opinion thereupon tained in their Charters, and their Bye Laws founded to the House; and who were impowered to report thereon, are now adequate to the Occasions of the their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House $ Trade, or compatible with certain Regulations con- That the Committee had made a Progress in the Mat-tained in an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the ters to them referred, and had come to several Refo-Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, lutions, and had also agreed upon a Table of Fees, intituled, uAn Act for the due making of Bread, and which they had directed him to report to the House > " to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to pu- and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards " nish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same " BreadAnd therefore praying. That Leave may was read; and is as followeth; viz. be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Powers Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Limits of their Jurisdiction, for preventing any That for the due Execution of an Act, passed in the undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker, Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-and to amend so much of the said Act, as relates to jesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns " of Members to serve in Parliament," so far as the said Act respects the Recognizances thereby required to be entered into by any Person having presented a

the Charters and Bye Laws of the said Company, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Petition to this House, complaining of an undue Elec- Mr. Alderman Newnbam and Mr. Alderman Wation tien or Return, or of the Omission of a Return, or of do prepare, and bring in, the fame. the Insufficiency of a Return, it is expedient that the

Examiners of Sureties, to be appointed by virtue of A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Pa- the said Act, should attend (for the Purpose of ex-rifhioners, and Owners of Freehold Estates, in the amining the Sufficiency of any Surety or Sureties, to Parish o f Saint Chad, in the Town and Liberties of be named in any such Recognizance) in one of the

Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, whose Names are Committee Rooms belonging to this House, at such thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Time or Times, within the Time limited by the said read; Setting forth. That the Collegiate Church of Act, as shall be appointed by such Examiners, on the Parish of Saint Chad aforesaid did, on the Ninth Application made by any such Petitioner, or his Day of July last, suddenly fall down, to the great Ter- Agent, to the Clerk, or Clerk Assistant of this House; ror and Surprize of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and that such Petitioner do give due Notice of the and the Neighbourhood thereof, whereby the said Time and Place of such intended Examination, to-Chprch, with the Tower, Organ, Bells, Pews, and gether with the Names, Additions, and Places of other Furniture, were entirely destroyed, except the Abode, of such Sureties,' to the Sitting Member or

Chancel, and the South Wall of the Church, both which must be entirely taken down j and that the pre-

Members whose Election or Return is complained of by such Petition, or their known Agent or Agents,

| and

n° Februarii. A. 1789.

Bradley Inclo-(ure Bill prc-tented.

Accounts pre-lcnto4«

Prohibited Kart India Goods.

D*.

D*.

0%

and to every other Person or Persons to whom the Speaker of the House of Commons shall have given Notice to attend, at the Time when any such Petition is ordered by the House to be taken into Consideration, or their known Agent or Agents.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a printed Copy of the said Resolution be fenc to every such Petitioner forthwith, after the presenting any such Petition to the House.

Your Committee have also considered and agreed upon a Table of Fees to be demanded and taken by the said Examiners, and other Persons, for their Attendance and Trouble respecting such Recognizances; which Table is a£ follows; viz.

To each of the said Examiners, for his Pains and Trouble respecting the Examination into the Sufficiency of the d.

Sureties in any Recognizance, and for the Report to be made thereon, and all Matters relating thereto, the Sum of Two Guineas, and no more — 2 2 —

To the Speaker’s Secretary, for his Pains and Trouble relpefling every such Recognizance, and all Matters relating thereto, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more — — — i — —

To the Clerk who shall be appointed to attend the said Examiners, for his Pains and Trouble respe<5Urig every such Recognizance, and all Matters relating thereto, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more — — — i ——

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The laid Table of Fees being read a Second Time; Re/olved, That the same be the Fees to be demanded and taken by the several Persons mentioned in the said Table of Fees.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Ings or Meadow Ground, called Bradley Ings, and Two Moors or Commons, called Upper Bradley Common, and Lower Bradley Common, within the Manor of Bradley, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that some of the Corn-mi flioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they, were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N® i. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Saint Helen's, and Private Trade Ware-houses in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1787 to Michaelmas 1788, what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1788: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadenball Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1787 to Michaelmas 1788; also, what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1788: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1787, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1788: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdoin, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1787, what

have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1788; And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, d». which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadenball, Billiter Lane, and the Custom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1787, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1788; And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Naval store* RjuJfia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1787 from Rurtia* to Michaelmas 1788; And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from D».

Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1787 to Michaelmas 1788: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which Whale ship*, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis’s Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged, and also what Quantity of Blubber each Ship imported in the Year 1788.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Recounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, to consider further of the Bill to provide g"ltRegenC!r for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wat/on took the Chair of the Com-,

mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Wat/on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Wat/cn accordingly reported from Reported, the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had Erected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 22. 1. 3. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 22. 1. 3. which was to fill the Blank with the Names of the Persons to be of Her Majesty’s Council, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, at the Beginning thereof, the Name of His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany.

And the Question being pur, That the Name of His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, at the Beginning thereof, the Name of His Royal Highness Prince IVII'.iam Henry.

And the Question being put, That the Name of His Royal Highness Prince William Henry be there inserted; 3

It

fofeV*P<er

Manchester Square Pstj, turn.

49 Geo. III. 110- — 12C

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, at the Beginning thereof, the Name of His Royal Highness Prince Edward.

And the Question being put, That the Name of His Royal Highness Prince Edward be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, at the Beginning thereof, the Name of His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh.

And the Question being put. That the Name of His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gkucester and Edinburgh be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amepdment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, at the Beginning thereof, the Name of his Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland and

And the Question being put. That the Name of His Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland and Strathern be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting the Words, " the " Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time " being."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Fo. 29. 1. 8. by' inserting, after the Word thereafter," the Words, " the said Regent shall, " and he is hereby required, to communicate a Copy <€ of such Instrument to the Two Houses of Parliament, if Parliament shall then be fitting, and."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And the House, having continued to lit till after Twelve of the Clock on Fh Morning;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time this Day, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovis,12° die Februarii;

Anno 290 Georgii 1II‘U Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

Ta ^R. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Foreboe, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was receive^; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in Manchester Square, in the Parish Vot,. XUV.

Februarii iij

of SaintMary-le-Bon, in the County of Middlesex, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Square hath been lately new payed, and a considerable Part thereof inclosed with Iron Rails, in order to be laid out as a Garden or Pleasure Ground, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Square; but no Improvement hath yet been made to the Ground so inclosed, and there is not at present any Fund for defraying the Expence already incurred on Account of making the said Inclosure, or for watering the said Square, and the same is subjecfc to Nuisances and Annoyances of various Kinds; and Representing to the House, That, if the Ground inclosed as aforesaid was laid out with proper Walks, and otherwise embellished, to be used as a Garden or Pleasure Ground, and if proper Powers were given for watering, and for lighting the Iron Rails inclosing the aforesaid Ground, by a Rate to be laid for those Purposes, and if Provision was made for effectually preventing all Nuisances and Annoyances therein, it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Square: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Jacob Siordet, and James Lewis Siordet, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Kent and Mr. Pbeli do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Lewis Pourtales was presented to the House, and read t Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Kent and Mr, Pbelips do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to the Care of the Road from Stokenchurch to Enflow Bridge, and other Roads, in the County of Oxford,whose Names are thereunto fybscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Thirteenth of King George the Second, and the Second and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to

Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway

G g Reading

Siordet! (7at, Petition.

Pourtale! Nat* Petition,

Stoken church Road Petition reported.

Forfar Road I Petition.

Forfar Statute Labour Petition.

114 120 Februarii. A. 1789.

leading towards Magdalen Band from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroket to New in the said

County, were read: And

Mr. George Pamceforth Cooke being examined, said. That a very considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, great Part of which (lilt remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads be kept in proper Repair, without further Powers are granted by Parliament. — And he further said. That the Road down Shotover Hilly being a Part of the said Road from Stoken church towards Oxford, is very deep and dangerous, whereby many Accidents have happened to Carriages and Travellers; and from the Situation of the Road turning round the Corner, at the Bottom of Cheyney honey Stage Coaches and other Carriages are frequently overturned, and many Persons have been killed, and others grievously hurt thereby — That it would be more commodious, and less dangerous to Travellers, if, in (lead of the said Road from the Corner of Cheyney through the said

Lane up Shotover Hill, to the Endow Branch of Road near Wheatley, the Road from the Bottom of the said

Lane, up Headington Hill, over the Common Fields to or near the Village of Forejlbill, was amended, and a Road made from thence to join the said Enjlow Branch, in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from thureby in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enjlow and from

Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles’s Church, near the City of by

broke to New Woodstock,in the said County, and for making, amending, compleating, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Cheyney Lane up Headington Hill, to join the present Enjlow Branch of Road in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Shotover Hill, to the said Ettflow Branch: And that Lord Charles Spencer and the Lord Wenman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of fundrv Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, and Justices of the Peace of the County of Forfar, in Behalf of themselves, and others, was prefenced to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the ordinary Methods provided by the Laws of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for repairing the Highways have been found insufficient for upholding and repairing the principal Roads in, and leading through, the County of Forfar, which are become so deep and ruinous in many Places, that Travellers cannot pass thereon without great Danger: And therefore praying, That Leavo may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Douglas, Mr. Dempfler, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-cordV.

A Petition of sundry Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, of the County of Forfar, in Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Powers granted by Law relative to Highways,

Bridges, and Ferries, and the Services thereby authorized to be exacted in Scotland, have not been found sufficient for making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Forfar; and that the Performance of Statute Labour, when rigoroufl'y exacted, has been found very unequal and oppressive to the Petitioners, and it would be more equitable and convenient if a moderate Assessment or Conversion in Money was paid in lieu thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County of Forfar, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said County, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the lad preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Lift of Offices, Places, and Employments, in the Civil and Military Establishments of the East India Company in the East Indies, with the Salaries or Pay and Emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

And then he withdrew.;

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 17 th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Order, " That " there be laid before this House, Copies of the *' Charters and Setts of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, notorially copied," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Copies be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of this House, to be by him laid before the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The Bill, now ingrafted, to provide for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s Illness, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Time of the Restriction imposed by the Bill upon the Regent, with respect to the Creation of Peers.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill up the Blank with the Words " Three Years from the Commencement of this Act j"

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words "Three Years," and insert-the Words " One Year" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Three Years" (land Part of the said first propofei Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put. That the Blank be filled up with the Words " Three Years from the Commencement of this Act;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative; and the Blank, was filled up at the Table accordingly.

Then

Lid of Offices in the East Indies presented.

Charters, &c.

of Scotch Burghs to he transmitted t# the Clerk.

Regency Bill patted.

0 Februarii

ip Geo. III. 120 — id

Then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. I. 9. To leave out repealing or," and after " altering" to insert- any Part of the Service of " the Church of England, as established by."

And the said proposed Amendments were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Bill do pass.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding, at the End thereof, the Words " And be it Enabled, That no General Commission " to be granted by His Majesty, after issuing the said Proclamation for opening the Parliament, shall u be construed to authorize any Person or Persons therein to be named to give the Royal Assent to

any Bill or Bills to be agreed upon by both Houses of Parliament."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to provide for the Care of His Majesty’s Royal Person, and for the Administration of the Royal Authority, during the Continuance of His Majesty’s lllness.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Then the Blanks left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, were filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Bonfe rtfolvtt Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

(adjournt« House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Motday*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luncs, 16° die Februarii;

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

"5

easter, if the same is carried into Execution: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Act, and that the House will grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Mary Alfager, Margaret Aljager, and Barthomley Judith Aljager, of Congleton, in the County of , sclTool'peU-

Spinfters, was presented to the House, and read; Set- tien. ting forth, That the Parish of B, in the said -County, is very large, and the Church of the said Parish is inconveniently situated for many of the Inhabitants 1 and that the Petitioners are, at their own Expence, building a new Church or Chapel upon a Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, within the said Parish, called Aljager Heath (the Soil and Inheritance whereof belongs to the Petitioners as Ladies of the Manor of Aljager) and the Petitioners have caused Part of the said Common or Waste Ground to be inclosed for a Cemetery or Burial Ground to the said new Church or Chapel, and are proceeding to finish and compleat the said Church or Chapel, in order that the same may be used for Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, and intend to make Provision for endowing the said Church or Chapel, upon Condition of having the Right of Presentation to the fame, and of appointing Church or Chapel Wardens, and other proper Officers for the Service thereof, vested in the Petitioners, their Heirs and Assigns; and that the Petitioners are desirous, at their own Expence, to establish a School near the said Church or Chapel for the Education of poor Children of the said Parish, and to erect proper Buildings for that Purpose, and for the Residence of the Mailer of the said School, and to take in and inclose a small Part of the said Common or Waste Ground for the Use of such School Mailer, and for such other Uses as may be judged expedient or necessary for or relating to the Matters . before mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think, proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Prayers.

Petitions from Cheshire and Lancaftiire against the County Elections Alt*

APETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of , whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, for better ftcuring the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, will be attended with great Inconveniencies to the Inhabitants and Freeholders of the County of Chester, if the same is carried into Execution within the said County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for exempting the Inhabitants and Freeholders of the said County of Chester from the Operation of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or that the Petitioners may be relieved from the Inconveniencies likely to result to them from the said Act, in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of L, whole Hands are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Act will be' attended with the greatest Inconveniencies to the Inhabitants and Freeholders of the County of Lan-r

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Stafford, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors Nanw*ich, and upon the Tolls arising within the First District of the pt,jtion. °*d* Roads mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made and pasted in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and pasted " in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

" as relate to the Road from the End of the County " of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards the City of " Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to " Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwien to Farporley, and from thence through Tarvin,

" in the said County of Chester, to the said City of " Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road, and also for " repairing and widening the Road from in the said County of Chester, to FJe Cross in Farvin aforesaid," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Progress hath been made in the Repair of, the Roads within the First District in the said Act mentioned, and several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and now remain due, upon the Credit of the § Tolls

RflTtx Shire House Petition reported.

Manehfftrr

bquarc Petition reported.

Tolls arising within the same District, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied to the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unlcfc the Term and Powers of the said Act be further extended and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Term and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Provisions and Regulations, to be contained in the said Bill, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Robert Salis-

bury Cotton, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bramfion reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j land he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Johnson being examined, said. That the Shire House of the County of Essex, situate in the Town of Chelmsford, is an ancient Building, much out of Repair, too small, and otherwise inconvenient; and that the same cannot be repaired so as to answer the public Purposes of the County: Then

William Bullock, Esquire (Clerk of the Peace for the County of Essex) informed your Committee, That it is expedient and necessary that a new Shire House, on a larger Plan, comprizing a Grand Jury Room, a Room for Witnesses, a Place for depositing the County Records, and other Accommodations, Should be built for the Use of the said County; for which Purpose it is proposed to make several Purchases of Ground and Buildings, which are private Property, and situate or near to the present Shire House, in order to form a proper Scite for a new Shire House and Buildings, and for making proper Avenues to the fame.

And the Witness added. That it will be necessary, for effectuating the above Purposes, to raise a considerable Sum of Money, in such Manner as to the Legislature shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Shire House for the County of Essex: And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do make the Report fioin the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in Man-chef, er Square, in the Parish of in

the County of Middlesex, was referred.

Mr. Bramfionaccordingly reported from the said

Committee, Thar the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fune was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Buck being examined, said, That the said Square hath been lately new paved, and inclosed with Iron Rads, and it is intended to lay out the Ground with proper Walks, and to plant and otherwise embelliih the fame, to be used as a Pleasure Ground by the

Inhabitants of the said Square, and to provide a proper Number of Lamps, to be affixed to the Iron Rails, for the better lighting the interior Part of the said Square, and also to water the said Square.

That there is no Fund at present for raising Money for defraying the necessary Expences attending the several Works aforesaid, but that the Inhabitants are deflrous of raising asufficient Sum of Money for these Purposes by a Rate upon themselves.

That the said Square is at present subject to various Nuisances and Annoyances, which the Laws now in being are not sufficient to prevent, and it would be of Benefit to the Inhabitants if some further Provision was made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Improvement of M Square, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Bramfion and Mr. Creville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Jackson, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That, at the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colcbefier, in the room of Sir Edmund jiffieck, Baronet, deceased, George Tierney, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition of the said George Tierney has been presented to the House, containing many Allegations against the Petitioner which are untrue, and alledging that he the said George Tierney ought to have been returned as a Burgess to serve for the said Borough; and that the Poll commenced the 9th Day of December last, before dingier, Esquire, the Mayor and Returning Officer, and continued open till the Evening of the Friday following, when, at about Six o’Clock in the Afternoon, it was proposed, and agreed to by the said George Tierney and the Petitioner, that the Poll Should close at Ten Minutes after Seven precisely, and that no Voter on either Side, unless he tendered himself to poll before that Time, Should be received on the Poll; and when that Time expired, the Petitioner had a Majority on the Poll, and ought accordingly to have been returned, but, notwithstanding such Agreement, one Thomas Martin, after the Expiration of that Time, pretending to be a Free Burgess of the Borough, tendered his Vote for the said George Tierney, and was admitted to vote for him; and that, by Means of the Vote of the said Thomas Martin, received upon the Poll in the Manner aforesaid, the said George Tierney acquired an apparent Equality of Votes with the Petitioner, and thereby prevented the Petitioner from being returned a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Colcbefier, and the Vote of the said Thomas Martin ought, for the Reasons aforesaid, to be struck off" the Poll; and that the Mayor of the said Borough, on calling up the Poll, declared the Numbers to be equal; viz. 640 for the said George Tierney, and 640 for the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned in the room of the said Sir Edmund deceased, but the

Mayor of the said Borough did admit on the Poll, for the said George Tierney, the Votes of many Persons who had no Right to vote, and who ought to have been rejected, and did reject the Votes of many Persons who had an undoubted Right to vote, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by these and ocher illegal Means an equal Number of Votes appeared on the Poll for the said George Tierney and the Petitioner; and that the said George Tierney by himself, his Agents and Friends, previous to and during the Election, was guilty of Bribery, and other illegal and corrupt Practices, by. Means whereof the before-mentioned Equality of Votes on the Poll was produced, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Elcftors

Colchester Elc-6tion^-Petition of Mr« JatkJou.

of the said Borough: And therfcforfc praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner fqch Relief as to the House shall fcem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day of this Instant February,at the same Time that the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration;

Notice was taken, That by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament* intituled, "An Act for the " further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," it is directed, That the Person subscribing any such Petition shall enter into such Recognizance as is therein mentioned within Fourteen Days after the said Petition shall have been presented to the House.

The said Act was read.

And the House being informed. That the said Petitioner would undertake to enter into the Recognizance required by the said Act, before the said 24th Day of this Instant February}

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day of this Instant February, at the same Time that the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum .*

In pursuance of several Acts made in the 10th, 1 ith, and 25th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign,' to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the‘ like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties, and also to the Returning Officer; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by rhemselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Nofton and A Petition of the Honourable George Hobart, the worth^Drain Reverend Doctor Francis JVillis, Thomas Porter, Ef-7ge Petition.* quire, Mayor of the City of Lincoln, the Mailer, and

Gervafe Gibjon, Esquire, John Brown, Esquire, and others; Governors of the-Hospital of Jesus Chrish, in Lincoln, and also of Jthe Reverend Peregrine Harxifon Curtois, Clerk, Anthony Peacock, Esquire, and others. Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen and Low Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Notion and banworth, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the FJoufe, and read j Setting forth. That in the said Farilhes there are certain, inclosed Fen and Low Lands and Grounds, containing together abodt 3,700 Acres, which, in their present State, are subject to be Overflowed, and yield but small and uncertain Profit to the Owners; but, if embanked and drained, the said Lands and Grounds would be materially improved, and the Owners and Proprietors greatly, benefited thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking and draining the said Fen and Low Lands, subject to such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Vol. XUV.

have Power to fend for Persons; Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Gottlieb Klopfer, John William Klopfcr.Vo-Vogel, and Henry Siffken, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to petition. bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr* Hobart and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for more effectually carrying into Execution Forehoe Poor the Purposes of certain Acts, of the 16th and 23d Bill com-Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Iwtt better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Foreboe, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Timet

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobarti Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1

Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, RoSburgh. to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Road* Petition Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed rePorted* by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh," and others. Land Owners in the said

County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2jth of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was. read; and is ' as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

William Elliot, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money has been duly laid out according to the Directions thereof — That the said, Roads cannot be effectually completed and kept in Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said-Act be enlarged, and further Powers granted to the Trustees for that Purpose. And the Witness further said. That it would tend to forward the making and repairing the said Roads, if proper Powers-were made and given to the; said Trustees,’ for regulating the Statute Labour within the said County.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an!

Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing'and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County: And that Sir George,

Sir Gilbert Elliot, and Sir James Jdo prepare, ' and bring In, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Thorpe Indo-of the Open Fields and Stinted’Pafttires within the Petition. Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of Bumfall, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township and Parish, certain Open Fields, called Thorpe Common Fields, containing about 40 Acres, and also Two undivided Stinted Pastures, called The EastPajlure and The West Pasture, containing about 700 Acres; and that the said Common

H h Fields

Fields and Stinted Pictures, ift thdir present State, are incapable of Improvement, but if the same were inclosed and allotted into specific Shares to the several Patties interested therein, it WbUld be advahtageous to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields and Stinted Pastures, tinder fufch Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Dunco, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rt/e presented to the Hotife,

Lift* of Pen- A Lift of Pertfions, together with the Names of the lion* ptefented. perfOD5 to vrhom the same are granted, since the ioth Day of December 1787 (being the Date of the last Return) who have served the Crown in Foreign Courts, made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Tweftty-feeond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon His " Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same " from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating " the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues,

" and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the ,c Revenues of the Civil LiftAnd also,

A Lift of Pensions, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same are granted, since the 10th December 1787 (being the Date of the last Return) made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act, paflea ki the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Ma-<* jesty to discharge the Debt contrafted upon His " Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices

" therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the " Revenues of the Civil List."

Mr. Rose also presented to the House, pursuant to Account* pre-the Directions of an Act of Parliament, femed’

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Custom*, e»-Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, e,fe' &c‘ for One Year, ended the toth Day of October 1788 > distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also.

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Custom*. Customsj distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce upon every separate Article, the Duty on Which has amounted to £✓ 1,000, and Upwards, imported into Great Britain, in the Four Quarters preceding the ioth

October 1788: And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Excise. the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to £. 1,000, or upwards, between ioth October 1787 and ioth ORober 1788: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Stamp*, the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the ioth Day of October last: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties Incidents, under the Head of Incidents j distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the ioth October last.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Accounts were read.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session j and the said Accounts are as followed) j viz,

An ACCOMPT of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Yfcar, ended the ioth Day of October 1788; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year; viz\

4

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs for One Year, ended the ioth Day of October 1788, as perAccompt, A. — — _ —

Ditto of the Duties of Excise for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of £.610,317, Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt, B. — _ _.

Ditto of the Stamp Duties for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt, C. ___ —

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt, D. — — — — _ ___

£ s. d.

3*7 89>274 3 81

6,141,410 8 2

1,278,214 18 4

1,864,906 1 31

i3»°73*8o5 II 6*

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 17th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, this 16th Day of February 1789, by

8 George Roje.

An

16° Febtuarit.

"9

A.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Produce of the Duties of Cu&omi) distinguislung* as far as possible, the Net Produce on every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to £ 1,000, and upwards, imported into Great Britain% in the Four Quarters preceding the ioth 0Sober 1788.

SPECIES OF GOODS.

A dies,

Pearl

Pott

bO

9

Barrilla —

Brimstone —

Bridles, undreft Cork —

Cortex Peru Gingfang —

Jalap —

Juniper Berries Quicksilver Saccarum Saturni Senna —

Succus Liquoritiae Verdigrease Elephants Teeth.

Feathers for Beds Glass Plates —

Almonds, Sweet Cloves -

Coffee —

Currants Figs —

Ginger

Mace —

Nutmegs

o 4 Pimento

2 I Brtines O

Net Doty, subjoft to Bbuaties and Expence* of Management.

'tenia

in r* Ltxia

— el Lipra

Smyrna Solis

Rice

Sugar, Brown —

Hair, Human — —

Hatts, Chip ' — —

- Straw ' — . —

Hemp, Rough , — t

Hides, Lolh — —

Incle, wrought — —

Iron, Bar — — .

Kelp — —

Lemons and Oranges — -

Cambricks —

Canvas HeffenS,

Spruce — ....

Damask Sil* Tabling J Germany, Narrow —

Russia, Broad, ibove 22$ Inches

----- ---- — - ibove 31 f

----. - - ibove 36 —

— Drilling —

— - Narrow —

TbWelling and Napk1

Matts, Russia Nutts, Small Oil, Ordinary

---- Sallad —

---- T rain —

Paper, Genoa, Second Pitch and Tar Salt, White Seeds, Clover

— — M33 10 7

*°55 XI| 8

" 19,636 4 8

" 9*804 6

4*156 to 1

4*739 9 1

4*070 3 7

MM 2,661 3 7

2,142 14 5

MM mmm 2*574; 17 10

M« 3*070 10 a

*»9SI *5 4

" 2,665 1 a

4*864 19 2

1,686 4 10

" 2*464 14 6

" 4*267 19 7

4*517 6 4

— 4*042 2 7

— 86a . 4 10

- T — 11.76a 1 3

mmm 49*299 *8 3

4*625 12 S

" 1*451 16 $

»ioa . 1 11

— 1*727 19 2

MM 2,027 9 9

MM 7*370 — X

14*423 14 8

5*657 1 — -

- - " 5*99 — 6

3»6oi 18 a

' 20,220 17 a

1,791 15 4

— 1*195*116 14 —

1,638 16

3*230 3 5

— v 961 16 6

MM 74*439 6 xi

- J 1*726 . a . 6

— -- 3*017 -M. 1*0

116,673 4 4

k . " . -r. 1 2,788 19 - I

- 12,414 6 — -

9»34P 7 2

- *4,072 9 2

— 7,451 5 2

" - " M95. 3

mmm 29*363 9 9

mU t 2*1921 9 8

MM " 2,437 *9 9

16,617 4 11

— 3*938 16 1

— -. 8*317 8 8

— " 2*487 4 10

— 0,468 1 3

— — 2,396 11 t

— — 11,556 16 3

— 4,005 14 4

— — 7*066 H a

— — 1*187 S

— — 4*864 >8 6

— — 808 4 $

«M» 3*217 6 4

no

16° Februarii.

A. 1789.

SPECIES Of GOobS.

Silk, Raw — —

— — Thrown — 1

- Wrought — _

Smalts — - —

Spirits, Brandy 1 — -

— Geneva > Customs only*

Rum J —

rBear, Black —

Calf, Tann’d —

—— Raw —

Deer in Hair —

Goat, Tann’d —

iS Kid in Hair — *

40 . D’drest —

Martin — "1

Seal — —

Wolf — —

Soap, Hard —

Tapes, Open . — ' —

Thread, Sifters . - —

Tobacco —: —

' D° Braziel -

Tow - _ —

Turpentine. Common - — *

Wax, Bees — "

Wine, French 'i — -

( Customs only. JT

Sfanish J " * —

Wood,' Battens —

«- - Deals ‘ — -

D* Ends ! — -

— — Lath wood J - —

— ' Masts, Great —

<: Oak Plank i - —

’« — — Staves i —

— ^- Timber, Fir - —

' t ' Walnfcot Ldgr — *

Subsidies Otitwards j —

Duties on Coals carried Coastwise Remittances from the Plantations dnterest bn Bonds 5 pe¥ Cent. oh- Tea

" DedUft Drawbacks on Exporta-

' tien — f — — * —

4 ’>

J ‘ ' I; .

From the Receivers Gen1 of the Cottn

£. r 11,965 12 11

ties

— - — 223,081 8

T otsd Payments froiii the E. India Gompr, ~ Teatexcepted ! — »*- — *- —

: Dedud Draw barks paid oir Exportation

1;,

'Sundry: small Articles — —

v ! - —

I I

» < t

Management — — >

Dedud Bounties and Expences of Management —

' Net Payments mto the Exchequer

Net Duty, subject to Bounties and Expenceft

of Management.

— - - *9,72714 3

— ► 104,190 17 9

— 1,81919 10

— 7.338 14 6

— 5S>5 *7 3

— ‘ *2,434 19 7

— 60,835 12 ti

— 920 3 3

— 1,645 6 4

— i" 2,579 *9 4

5,602 14 t

— 3.074 — —

— 2.7H 18 4

— 2.548 3 t

— 3>273 5 It)

— 1 1,613 6 4

— 5*3 16 1

— 3.126 11 3

928 18 ti

— *.895 4 4

427,285 9 5

— 1,483 6

— 2,655 14 6

— 3,938 5 3

' 4,270 —

— 37,n6 17 7

352,504 13 7

"1 4,516 12 4

79.349 5 7

10,739 7 6

" 92,753 8 3

— 2,959 3 to

2,257 7 7

1,059 2 7

MM '4,7^9 ij S

13,749 10 9

5i,i57 17 11

2,379 12 3

MM 153,48i 5 1

— 536,287 1 3

Man 10,438 19 Si

"n 2iu 6i

5 - > I

6 ’ i

11 ' ,

4 , 1

335.047 .1 3

7

10 326,450 13

9

109191 9 71

ind c *

— £- 4.549,997 7 6

7^0,723 3 9i

— £ 3.789.274 3 8*

In spedor General’s Office, Custom HoUfe, London% February 16, 1789.

Thomas'Irvings

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

EXCISE.

8

EXCISE. An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce (paid into the Exchequer) of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duty on

which has amounted to^. 1,000, or upwards, between ioth 1787 and the 10th 1788.

s

x

C

c

Under what Heads paid inv

Auflions — — —

Beer — — —

Bricks and Tiles — —

Candles — — —

Coaches built for Sale — —

Cocoa Nuts, and Coffee —

Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice — -

Glass — — —

Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment Hops — — —

Malt, perpetual Duty — —

Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar —

Paper — — —

Printed Goods — — —

Soap

Spirit* {

D

cq’

n'

CD

CL

CT

Foreign — —

Starch ~ _

Sweets — — — r.

Tea — — _

Verjuice (with Cyder and Perry) —

Vinegar (with Metheglin or Mead) —

Wine — — —

Wire — _ _ —

"Auctioneers — —

Coachmakers _

Dealers in Coffee, Cho. or Tea — —

Makers and SellersofWax and Sperm. Candles — Licences to Makers of, and Dealers in, Excise Commodities Retailers of Spirit. Liquors — —

Ditto (commd 5th July 1787) — —

Sellers of Gold and Silver

Plate — —

f1779 — {178, -

11782 —

a Cent. Duties on Licences

Total of Perpetual Duties —

Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry

Total of England —

First* Quarter, from 10th October 1787 to 5th January 3788. Second Qua i ter, from 5th January 1788 la 5th Sftnil ' 1788.

£ u, d- £ /. d.

12,392’ 112,886

284,582 — — 414,216

43,224 9.694

56,921 110,089

445 243

7,463 8,531

2,182 — — 949'

31,615 — 1 — 3*533 ’

45,672. 67,699

137,308 9 508

2,681 1,821 —

13,581 > 8,5.11

44,694 54,399

76,767 70,534.

74*35° 181,970 — _

>7.6,234 169,576 — _

15,08a 18,220 — _

1,200 — — 855

111,075 — — ,4»37S

44,276 4*.243

609 — 766

2X)8 — n9

3,705 2,040 —

102 — —

31,971 4,824 — __

21,886 — — ,5»>°5

24>r33 *3.488

1,871 >.524

1,090 — — 882 _ _

1,002 — — ,o*4

*>27S 1,013 —

1,269,604 1,388,637

126,700 — — 7053

1,396,304 — — J.395,790 —

Third Quarter, from 5th Spy'll 1788 to 5th July 1788.

30.84s

i64>934

4.149

39.777 —

466 — 108 —

1 >775 -

2,125

15,880

23,608

1.673 , 842

894

894

1,671,607 >4*.497

>,814,104 — —

Fourth Quarter, from 5th July 1/788 to ioth Gfiober 1788. Total. Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

£. s. d. £. ,. d.

>4-3?i 54,952

381,541 1,643,811’

43-73* 98,393

37.*S° 286,926 — —

782 1,831

7,523 28,676

6,341 12,469

33.620 *24,111

58,330 215,904

597 31,44*

394.036 705,786

9,047 17,698

>7.663 62,488

44,399 167,615

82,402 — 300,127

40,137 468,187

192,588 703,03

21,523 7^.890

3,010 8,029

48,461 8 2 446,610 8 2

86,416 — — 212,712

612 2,453

435

5,003 — 12,523

with Candles 102 —

5.5i6 44.-43.6

16,951 69,822

2^,087 93,316

2,644 r 7,712

— 2,814

— 2,920- — — ,

3,182 — —

.1,576,562 8 2 5,906,410' 8 2

318,967 — — 595.3>7

1*895,529 8 2 6,501,727 8 2

An ACCOUNT of the Duties of Excise paid into the Exchequer (by the Commissioners of Excise in England) in One Year, between 'ioth O 1787 and ioth ORober 1788, on the Part of Scotland.

Under what Heads paid in ' First Quarter, from ioth October 17S7 to 5th January. 1788. See©nd Quarter, from $th January 1788 to 5th.April I7S8. Third Quarter, from 5th April 1788 to 5th July 1788. Fourth Quarter, from 5th July 1788 to ioth October 1788. Total Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

Excise, Consolidated — — Licences — — Malt, Consolidated — — Printed Linens — — Soap — — — - z A unions — — — £ ' d 29,000 — 2,000 — 28,000 — — £. 0. d. 25, UOO — 8.000 — — 8.000 — — 7.000 8.000 — — 18.000 14.000 — — £. d 29,000 — — 4,000 — — 4,000 6.000 2.000 — — £ ' d 8.000 r.oooo 7.000 — — 4.000 — — 10,000 — — 12,090 — 1.000 £ ' d 91.000 — w 9,000 — — 19.000 ri ,000 — . — 20,000 — 56,000 — 28,000 — 1,000

Total of Perpetual Duties -Annual Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry — — — 59,000 7,500 88,000 — — 4.500 — 45,000 — — 43,000 3,000 235,000 15,000' — —

Total of Scotland — »- 66,500 — 92,500 — 45,000 — 46,000 250,000 — —

England — — Scotland — — 1.396,304 66,500 — — «.395>79Q 92,500 — — 1,814,004 — — 45,000 — — 1.895.529 8 2. 46,000 — — 6,501,727 8 2 250,000 — —

Grand Total of England and Scotland — — 1,462,804 1*488,290 — — 1,859,114 — 1,941,529 8 2 6,751.727 8 2

England — — Scotland — — - 5,906,4x0 8 2 235,000 — — 1

Perpetual Duties — — ' \ 6,141,410 8 2

England — — Scotland — — S9S» 3*7 15,000 — —

Annual Malt, &c.. — — 610,317 — —

Total — — 6,751,727 8 2

VO

o

tn

o


Excite Office, London, February 9th >789,

Ja< Webb, Accomp1, Gen1;

16° Februarii.

A. 1789.

c.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising' from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the -10th Day of October last.

Produce lft Quarter, Produce 2nd Quarter. Produce 3rd Quarter. Produce 4th Quarter. Total Produce.

Consolidated Duties *47,597 *65*37 142,890 — — 204,410 3 660,034 3

Insurance — — 23,309 25,138 25,911 24,123 7 5 98,481 7 5

Burials, &c. — — 262 376 808 2,308 4 3 3*754 4 3

Bills of Exchange — 16,965 24,941 18,998 26,839 7 3 87,743 7 3

Receipts — — 7*449' 11,605 9,229 — - 12,169 12 9 40,452 12 9

Hats — — 2,374 5,603 5*394 9*825 *3 7 23,196 13 7

Plate — - — — 5,920 5*577 5,55* 6,186 18 10 23,234 18 10

Horse Dealers — — 211 456 333 697 11 5 1,697 11 5

Post Horses — — 52,234 53,286 - — 63,122 50,521 18 8 219,163 18 8

Medicine — — 2,159 2,876 — — 2,656 3*379 *3 3 11,070 *3 3

Game — — — 18,527 *9*297 5,035 7,055 10 8 49,914 10 8

Attorqies — — 9*398 6,140 — — 5,011 4,101 17 1 24,650 17 1

Pawnbrokers — — 566 503 592 2,741 12 7 4,402 12 7

Gloves — — — *253 2,855 , 2,195 4,427 9 10 10,730 9 10

Perfumery — 2,096 — — 2,483 , 2,788 — — 3*872 1 *1,239 1 —

Judges Duty — — 292 — — 276 — — 201 529 5 7 1,298 5 7

Apprentice Duty — 1,465 1,624 i,479 2,581 *3 11 7*49 *3 11

202,077 — — 528,17.7 202,107 — — 136 c,7 7 1 18 A

Stamp Office, . February 10th 1789.

1,278,214 18 4

J. Lloyd, pro Comp".

D.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Duties, under the Head of Incidents j distinguishing as far as poifible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th of October last.

Consolidated Letter Money, A* 1787 — — —

D* — Salt, D* ——

Seizures since 25 October 1760 — — — . —

Letter Money D# ——

Alienation Duty D° — — —

Hawkers and Pedlars, 23d June 1710 — - ' — — —

Hackney Coaches, A* 1711 — — —

D° — 1784 ——

(sd.perLib. onPensions ——

1 s. Deduction on Salaries ——

Male Servants, A* 1785 ——

Female D* — D° ——

4 Wheel Carriages, D* ——

2 Wheel, D° ——

Waggons, D* ——

Carts, D* ——

Horses, D* - . —

Shops, D* ——

Houses and Windows, 1766 ——

Houses, 1779 ——

Fines and Forfeitures, 1760 — — — . — —

First Fruits ——

Stamps per Bank ——

The Produce of the Duties under £. 1,000 in the above Period, amount to the

156.000

356>533

15,088

155.000

3*®9*

2,170

to, 600 12,552 41,100

30,349

92,109

31,860

128,567

28,619

20,271

12,204

108,360

52,050

385*459

i3o»739

1,891

5*64

9*893

12,000

S'

6

18

12

d.


*®V

4 4 4 4

3

16

*9

*4

II

11

9

*9

*3

11

*4

11

2

16

2*

*°t

5i

ioi

6i

3t

3t

8

9t

7

Sir

7i

10

4

1,801,680 3 3^ 2,075 3 6

*,803,755 6 9t

Imprest

49 Geo. IIL

Imprest

16° Februariu

123

D* —

Money D* — D° — D° — D° — D° — D° — D° — D" — D° —

D* —

D* —

D° — D* — D* — D° — D° — D* —

D° —

D* — D* —

D* — D* — D* — D° —

Money repaid by Henry Fox, Esquire, Administrator of Lord Holland, late Pay-master of the Forces ——

by John Batcben West, Esquire, Agent for Georgia — —

paid by James and John Meyrick, Esquires, Agents to the late 86th Regiment — by D* — — Agents to the 50th Regiment —

by Alexander Adair, on Account of the East Devon Militia — —

by Mess'* Ross and Ogilvie, Agents to the late 7 ad Regiment — —

by D* — — to the 81st Regiment — —

by D* — — - to the 3d Regiment of Guards — .

by D° — — to the 1 ft Regiment of Light Dragoons —

by MelP* Ross and Collyer, Agents to the ift Regiment of Dragoons —

by James Fitter and Defpard Croafdaile, Agents to the late 91st Regiment — by MelT* Cox and Greenwood, Agents to the ift and ad Regiments of Foot

by MdP* BIJhopp and Brummell, for vacant CommissionS and Non-effective Men

in the H eft Kent Militia — — — ~

by Montague Wilkinson, Esquire, Agent to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for vacant Commissions ——

by Jofkua Loring, late Commissary of Prisoners at New Fork — —

by Robert Rafhleigh, and others, for Sale of Army Accoutrements —

by General William Wood, late Paymaster of incidental Expences at Quebec —

by William Ccwden, Agent to the 49th Regiment — —

by John Lambe, Esquire ——

by Sir Ferdinando Poole, Baronet, on Account of Edward Johnson, Esquire, late Secretary to the Commissioners of the Lottery — — —

by Jane Jones, Executrix of William Field, late Agent to the East and West Essex Militia - -

by Thomas James Mathias, late Agent to the Dorset and East Fork Militia — by Thomas Rumsey, Executor of John Riclate Agent for the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital ——

by George Blount, Agent to the 7th or Innifkilling Light Dragoons —

by Thomas Rafhleigh, for a Fine due to the King for Usury — —

on Account of Licences for felling Tickets in the Lottery A* 1786 —

D° — — — D* — 1787 —

Brought from the other Side —

Exchequer, the Day of February 17 89.

Ex. Newcastle.

10,000 -

2,541 2 —

4.000 ——

3,800 ——

548 19 4|

4.000 — —

1.000 ——

950 5 — 392 10 I

1,998 12 10 2,000 — —

2,247 ——

*>337 19 5

788 17 5

1,969 11 4,524 19 8

1,446 8 7

5,850 15 8

3,844 9 7

2,890 7 8^.

2,200 — — 47 15 6

1.000 —

14 11 —

277 10 — 478 19 7

1.000 — —

61,150 14 5v

*>803,755 6 9t

1,864,906 I dr

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Puafrie* A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, RoidPetition. Owners of Lands in the County of was

presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Village of Grate-ney, in the County of Dumfries, by the Burghs of Annan and Dumfries, and by the Bridge over the River Nitbat Dumfries, and that over the Water of Clowden, and that over the Nith at Auldgirth, towards the Burgh of Sanquhar, and by Sanquhar to the Confines of the said County of Dumfries, where it joins the County of Ayr towards Mutrkirk, and also where it joins the said County towards New Cumnock, requires to be repaired, and sundry Bridges are necessary to be erected thereon, and the present Line of Direction of the said Road may be altered for the greater Advantage of the Public, but there are not sufficient Funds for those Purposes: And therefore praying. That* Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more elfedlually making and repairing the said Road, and other Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir James Sir George

Douglas, &c.: And they are to meet To-morrow-Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lards have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday the 6th Day of April next, at Ten of the Clock in the

Morning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Lords will proceed om the 6th of April on Mr, Haftfngs’s Trial.

Martis,

iz4

17° Februarii. A. 1789.

Mart is, 170 <afo Februarii;

Anno 29° Georgii III*" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

NewSliortham Harbour Petition*

A PETITION of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Gentlemen. Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, Shopkeepers, Farmers, Owners and Captains of Ships and Vessels, and others interested, residing in and near, and trading to, from, and within the Port of New Shoreham, in the County of , was presented

to the House, and read j Setting forth. That, by virtue of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New , in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair, Powers were given to Commissioners therein named to make a new Cut through the Sea Beach, opposite the Village called Kingston by Se, about a Mile Eastward of the Town of New Shorehamand to erect a Pier or Piers, and to do such other Works as foould be necessary, in order to make and maintain a new and more commodious Entrance into the said Harbour; and that, in Consequence of the said Act* a large Sum of Money was subscribed for the Purposes therein mentioned, and Piers were erected, and a new Cut made, but, from various Causes, the Channel took a different Direction, and now runs into the Sea near Half a Mile to the Eastward of where the Piers were erected, and the Piers have been washed away, and no other Works since erected; and that the Monies subscribed by virtue of the said Act, together with Interest for the fame, and all Claims whatsoever, as well for the Loss of Property as otherwise, have been paid off, and there remains at present unapplied, in the Hands of the Treasurer or Receiver of the said Duties, about the Sum of £. 500; that the last Annual Receipt of the Duties amounted to £.912, and the Disbursements on Account of the said Harbour fur the last Seven Years, at an Average, have amounted to ,£.112 per Annum; and that the said Harbour of New Shoreham is at present in as good a State as it has usually been for many Years past, and the Petitioners conceive that it is adequate for the Purpose of receiving Ships and Vessels of any moderate Burthen, sufficient for the Trade of the Country} and that, notwithstanding all the Monies subscribed by virtue of the said Act, together with all Claims whatsoever, have been paid and satisfied, and although there is a considerable Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer, yet the full Duties still continue to be collected, and the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act have no Power to lower the Duties more than One-third of what were originally granted, which the Petitioners conceive is a very great Burthen on them and the Public at large, and they are therefore inclined to hope that they, and the Public at large, may be relieved from the Payment of Three-fourth Parts of the Duties imposed by the said Act, and that the remaining One-fourth Part (which the Petitioners conceive will be adequate for the Purpose) may continue to be collected, to satisfy such Demands as shall at any Time appear to be due for the Loss of, or Damage done to, Lands, Hereditaments, or Property, occa-honed by the said new Cut, and for taking up the Shoals, and keeping the said Harbour in a proper State and Condition, with a discretionary Power to the said Commissioners to lower or increase the said remaining Duties, so that the same shall not at any Time

exceed One-fourth Part of the Duties now collected in pursuance of the said recited Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. "Thomas , Mr. Pla-

nter, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, l( An Act for erecting <c Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shorebamf in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair," was also presented to the House, and read j Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition } and further Setting forth, That it is necessary to make several other Alterations and Amendments to the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, Bishop War-and Inhabitants of the County of Durham, was pre- p^ *d fented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That e °n* the Road leading from the Town of Bishop,

near Sunderland,in the County of through

the Parishes of Bishop Weajrmouth, Dalton-le-

Dale, Eafmgton, Castle-Eden, M , Elwick-Hall, Billingham, and Norton, to the Town of

Norton, near Stockton, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, much interrupted by Torrents, incommodious to Passengers, and for a considerable Space, in a certain Part thereof called Billingham Bottoms, is Overflowed by Water, so as to be rendered dangerous during the greatest Part of the Winter Season; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, raised, rendered safe and commodious for Passengers, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, but, if the same was properly altered, raised, amended, repaired, and widened, it would be of great Utility and Advantage to the Public, and would greatly facilitate and improve the Communication between the Sea Ports and Market Towns of Sunderland and Stock-ton, and other Parts of the Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the said Road, with such Alterations and Provisions as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tempejl, Mr. Call,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

8 Mr.

Rlopfer, Vogel, and Siff-kca't Nat. Bill presented*

Bradley Inclosure Bill aoaimiued.

Chelworth Inclot'ure Petition.

Wtfcminft e Election. — Petition of Lord Hood.

Mrs Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Gottlieb John William Vogels and Henry Siffken': And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Ings, or Meadow Ground, called Bradley lags, and Two Moors or Commons, called Upper Bradley and Lower Bradley Common, within the Manor of Bradley, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Duncomb See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the inner Boundaries of the late Forest of Braydon, and within the Manors and Tythings of Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Jbn, in the Couaty of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That there are, within the inner Boundaries of the said late Forest of Braydon, within the aforesaid Manors and Tythings in the said Parish, a Common, called Chelworth Common, containing by Estimation 212 Acres, and 84 Acres in Greens and Lanes, which belong to the Petitioners, in Right of their inclosed Lands lying within the said inner Boundaries of the said Forest, which said Common, Greens, and Lanes, in their present Situation, are incapable of any Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Allotments, according to each Person’s Right therein, and inclosed, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners and all others interested in the faic^ Common, Greens, and Lanes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Heneage and Mr. Nicholas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland, was delivered in at the Table, and read -, Setting forth, That at the last Election of a Member to l’erve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Honourable John Townshend, commonly called Lord John and the Petitioner, were Candidates} and that the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty, of Members to serve in Parliament, is in the Inhabitants Householders, paying Scotland Lot within the said City and Liberty; and that the Returning Officer admitted a great Number of Persons to vote for the said Lord John 'Townshend, who, by the ancient Usage and Custom of the said City and Liberty, had no Right to vote at the said Election, and others who were difqua-lified from, and incapable by Law of, voting at the said Election j and that the Names of many Persons were received upon the Poll as voting for Lord John Townshend, who, in Fact, did not vote for either of the Candidates, but were Votes given by other Persons, falsely assuming their Names and Characters, and several Persons were admitted to poll more than once at the said Election j and that, as well before the said Election, as during the Time of taking the said Poll, many Persons, by Bribery, Gifts, Promises of Reward, and other undue and illegal Practices, did corrupt a great Number of the Voters to poll at the said Election on the Part of the said Lord John Vol. XLIV.

bendi and, by these illegal and corrupt Means and Devices, a large colourable Majority of Votes was procured on the Poll, in Favour of Lord John bend, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes in his Favour, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 6th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of Weflmmfter the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland ^J'on8ot'~"Pe Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Elector*. Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, was also delivered in at the Table, and read j Setting forth, That the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty, of their Members to serve in Parliament, is in the Inhabitants Householders, paying Scotland Lot within the said City and Liberty; and that at the late EleClion of a Member to represent the said City and Liberty, Sir Samuel H,od, Baronet, Lord Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Honourable John Townshend, commonly called Lord John Townshend, were-Candidates j and that at the said Election the Returning Officer presiding at the Poll did, contrary to the ancient Usage and Custom of the said City and Liberty, admit, in Favour of Lord John Townshend, 1 the Votes of a great Number of Persons who were not Inhabitants Householders, paying Scotland Lot within the said City and Liberty, and likewise the Votes of many Persons who were disqualified from, and incapable by Law of, voting at the said Election; and many of the Persons whose Names appear on the Poll to have voted for Lord John Townshend did not in Fact vote at the said Election, but were personated by others who falsely afiumed their Names and Characters; and that by the Means aforesaid, and other undue and illegal Devices, a colourable Majority of Votes was made to appear upon the Poll in Favour of the said Lord John Townshend, who was thereupon returned as a Member for the said City and Liberty, in Violation of the Laws of Election, to the Prejudice of the said Lord Hood, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, and to the manifest Injury of the Rights of the Petitioners, and others the legal Electors of the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the xoth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted EleCIions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Bezaliel Angler, Esquire, was pre- ro!che(}fr fented to the House, and read, Setting forth. That k lection. — the Petitioner, at the late Election of a Member to ^c,olMr’ serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, was "8

K k the

Petition tVom Liverpool the County Klee* Hons Act.

126 170 Februarii. A. 1789.

the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, and at such Election George Esquire, and

George 'Tierney, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner observes, by the Notice of the House with which he has been served, that the said George Tierney has presented a Petition to the House, containing the following Charges and Allegations against the Petitioner — First, that the Petitioner, during the Poll which was taken at the said Election, behaved with gross and unjust Partiality towards the said George Jack/on — Secondly, that the Petitioner did illegally and arbitrarily refuse to permit the Poll Clerks at the said Election to be sworn — Thirdly, that the Petitioner did wilfully and corruptly admit a great Number of Persons who had no Right to vote, nor were qualified in any Manner, to give their Votes at such Election for the said George Jack/on, and did wilfully and knowingly reject the Votes of many Voters who were duly qualified, and who tendered their Votes in Favour of the said George Tierney Fourthly, that, on the Second Day of the Poll, the Petitioner did, at the Request of Francis Smythies, Esquire, Recorder of the said Borough, the avowed Friend and known Agent of Mr. Jack/on, arbitrarily adjourn the Poll, wkhout assigning any legal or sufficient Pretence for so doing — Fifthly, that on the Third Day of the said Poll, the Petitioner did again adjourn the same for the occasional and fraudulent Purpose of admitting a Number of Persons to be Freemen of the said Borough, in order to enable them to vote for the said George Jack-Jon, and did accordingly admit such Persons to their Freedom, and did allow such occasional Electors to vote for the said George Jack/on, notwithstanding such Proceedings were repeatedly remonstrated against by and on the Behalf of the said George Tierney — Sixthly, that by other partial, arbitrary* and illegal Conduct of the Petitioner, he hath made it appear by the Poll Books, that there was an equal Number of Votes it) Favour of the said George and of the said

George Tierney, in Prejudice of tue laid George Tierney, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and who ought to have been returned to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough; that the Petitioner has received an Order from the House to attend on the 24th Day of this Instant February, when the said Petition is ap- pointed to be taken into Consideration j that the said Charges and Allegations against the Petitioner, contained in the said Petition of George Tierney, are entirely untrue, vexatious, and oppressive; and that the Petitioner is informed, that the said George Jack/on, the other Candidate, hath, in his Petition to the House, also charged the Petitioner with Misconduct in taking the said Poll: And therefore praying the House, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, before the Select Committee to be appointed for the Hearing of the said Petitions, in his Defence, and that he may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lanca/-ier, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and their Tenants, Inhabitants, and Freeholders of the Town of Liverpool, arc apprehensive, that, if the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, is carried into Execution, it will be attended with the greatest In-conveniencies to them: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Act, and that the House will grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attend- wiuieSMps^ ed kt the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, printed. *U presented to the House, pursuant to the Difeftions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships or Vessels from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to D avis’s S tr eights and the Greenland Seas, with their

respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port discharged > and also, what Quantity of Oil, or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1787 to the 10th of October 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Ilarri/on, from Report from the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the Door; L^ndRcvenue. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Fourth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to fell dr alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Fourth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

Since the Delivery of our Report on the Forest of Dean, towards the End of the last Session of Parliament, we have been employed chiefly in collecting Information concerning the State and Condition of other of His Majesty’s Forests; and we flattered our-selves that we Should have been prepared to lay be- fdre the Legislature a Report on the New Fore/, together with a Plan of it, made under our Direction, from which, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, we judged it proper to order a Map to be engraved: But the Severity of the Weather having prevented our Surveyors from compleating their Business, and full An livers not being yet returned to all our Enquiries, we have found ourselves under the Necessity of deferring our Report on the Neva Forest some Time longer, being unwilling to make any Report on a Subject of lo much Consequence before our Information concerning it should be rendered as compleat as possible.

The Delay occassioned by thefie Means being unavoidable, and the Act by which we are appointed requiring that we should deliver a Report within a limited Time after the Commencement of each Session of Parliament, we propose, in Compliance with that Requisition, to take the present Occasion of dating what we have done, in purl'uance of the Powers veiled in us to fell or alienate Fee Farm or other Unimproveable Rents, since the Delivery of our Report on that Subjectin the Month of December 1787.

The Sale of the Fee Farm Rents belonging to the Crown is certainly an Object of great Convenience to many

127

many Individuals, by affording them an Opportunity of exonerating their Estates from the Charge, and themselves from the Inconvenience, of a Yearly Attendance at a distant Audit, at an Expence in many Initances far exceeding the Amount of the Rents. This the Act of Parliament has provided for, by an easy and simple Mode of Conveyance, and at a small Expence. The Sale is also a Measure of some Advantage to the Crown: By investing the Produce in the Public Funds, an Income of greater Amount is obtained, liable to no Diminution, and receivable with very little Trouble, and without Expence; and the Salaries and Allowances of the Receivers and Bailiffs employed in the CoBeftion of the Rents, which are a very heavy Charge on this small Branch of Revenue, will be gradually lessened.

To secure to the Proprietors of Estates chargeable with any such Rents the Benefit intended to them by this Measure, a Clause was infersed in the Act of Parliament, directing the Preference of Purchase to be given to them from the Time of the Commencement of the Act, in July 1786, to the ift of January 1788 j and, in order that every one inclined to take the Benefit of this Provision might be apprized of the Opportunity, as well as of the Means of doing it, we took every Method in our Power to make the same publicly known, by inferring Advertisements in the London and Country Newspapers, and by directing the Receivers to circulate printed Notices of the Sale at successive Audits. A very considerable Number of Proprietors accordingly availed themselves of it, within the Time limited by the Act for giving the Preference to them; and many Purchases have since been made by other Proprietors, who, notwithstanding our Advertisements, had not obtained an earlier Knowledge of the Sale.

The Act having required that we Should fell these Rents for the best Price we could obtain, under certain Limitations therein prescribed, we endeavoured, previous to the Commencement of the Sale, to obtain the best Information of the R^ites or Prices at which Rents of this Kind were commonly fold among private Owners; and upon mature Consideration of all relative Circumstances, particularly of the Small-ness of the Payments in general, and the Convenience arising from the Purchase of such Rents to the Owners of the Estates on which they were charged, and that the Purchase ^f the Rents would also extinguish the additional Charges of Acquittance Fees, Alienation Fees, Letters, Messengers, and other incidental Expences, added by the Receivers (Sometimes to a considerable Amount) it was our Opinion that it would, on the Whole, be well worth the while of Owners of Estates lo circumstanced to buy off these Incumbrances at the Rate of Thirty-Years Purchase of the Net Payment to the Crown.

Upwards of Sixteen hundred Rents have been Ibid. and to near 1,200 different Proprietors: But the Payments being mostly very small, the Net Annual Amount of them, deducing the Land Tax on such as were charged with it, does not exceed One thousand Three hundred and Seventy Pounds. The Purchase Money arising from the Sale of these Rents is £.41,000. somewhat more than Forty-one thousand Pounds, £>Sj,oooo. with which we have purchased Fifty-five thousand Pounds Capital Stock in the 3 per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, leaving a Small Surplus yet unin vested.

The greater Number of the Rents which we have hitherto disposed of have been sold to the Persons by whom they were paid; some Rents have however been purchased by others, in order to be annexed to neighbouring Manors and Estates; and we have lately received Proposals for purchasing the Whole of the unfold Rents in some Counties, probably with a View of felling them out again at advanced Prices, to the

Proprietors of the Estates out of which they are payable.

Though we have not yet fold any Rents for less than Thirty Years Purchase, yet, as it cannot be expected that Persons intending to buy a Number of Rents of this Kind together, in order to make a Profit of them by Sale, will give so large a Price, we shall think it prudent to make some Abatement in the Terms, in order to encourage the Sale; and as the Time limited by the Act for giving the Preference of Purchase to the Proprietors of the.Estates is expired, we shall think it right to treat with any other Persons desirous of becoming Purchasers, and willing to give a fair and reasonable Price.

Cha' , (L. S.)

Land Revenue Office, Jn* C (L.. S.)

Scotland Yard, John Fordyce. (L. S.)

3d February 1789.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Menfibers of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit. Committee* to notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That there be forthwith laid before this Account of House, an Account of the Expences already incurred printing*"* in respect of the several Books and Papers direified to Book*, &c. be prepared and printed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Eleaion* AS, " better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to ordered.

" vote at County Elections ;" together with an Estimate of the further probable Expence attending the preparing and printing of the said Books and Papers.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House rcibives House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next. Friday!*"*

Mr. Greville presented to the House, according to MancheRer Order, a Bill for the Improvement of Manchester panted! Square, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

V1eneris., 20° d Februarii;

Anno 29* Georgii III. JI Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Straban, Account of from His Majesty’s Printing Office, attended at m

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Books, &c. fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, [he County

An Account of the Expences already incurred in EieaionsAa, respect of the several Books and Papers directtfd to Preftn,ed-be prepared and printed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better'securing the Rights of Persons qualified to " vote at County Elections ;" together with an Estimate of the further probable Expence attending the preparing and printing of the said Books and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

F.ift Giinrtead Writ.

Fruirfilrs Nit.

Bill pietcnttil.

Si*.r«leti Nat. Bill prefciitcc!.

Willi*'* Name Petition.

An ACCOUNT of the Expences already incurred, in respect of the several Books and Papers directed to be prepared and printed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections j" together with an Estimate of the further probable Expence attending the preparing and printing of the said Books and Papers.

The Total Expence of preparing, printing, binding, and Packing Cafes for, the several Books and Papers directed by the said Act, and required by the several Clerks of the Peace throughout England and Wales, cannot as yet be precisely ascertained; but the same will not exceed £. 55,000.

The Expence incurred to this Time, as nearly as can be estimated, is 38,000

Therefore the further probable Expence will not exceed — 17,000

I. 55,000

It mud be observed, that the above Account cannot be made up with Precision, arising from the great Number of Hands employed in different Places, in printing and binding; and from the great Quan- . tity of Paper that is making at different and distant Manufactories.

His Majesty’s Printing Office, 19th February 1789.

Charles Eyre. Andrew.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borcmgh of East in the County of Sussex,in the room of the Right honourable Lieutenant General Rober who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, , and Bonenbam,

in the County of Buckingham.

Sir Charles Kent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Naturalization of Lewis Pour-talcs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Kent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Naturalization of Jacob Sior-det, and James Lewis Siordet:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Ralph Willis, Esquire, (lately called Ralph Earle) was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Daniel Willis, late of llaljnead, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 27th Day of July 1758, gave and devised certain Estates to Truf-tecs, in Trust, to the Use of the Heirs of the Testator’s Body, with Remainders to several Persons therein mentioned, Remainder to the Petitioner for Life, Remainder to the said Trustees to preservs contingent

Remainders, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the Petitioner, in Tail Male, with Remainders overt and that in the said Will is contained a Proviso, that the Limitations therein made were on Condition that every Person who should become possessed of the said Estates, under the Limitations aforesaid, should take and be called by the Surname of Willis only, and use that Surname upon all Occasions Ui the Stead of his own Surname, and Should bear and use the Coat of Arms of the Testator’s Name and Family, and should petition for, and use his Endeavours to obtain, an Act of Parliament for' that Purpose, and that in Default thereof the said Estates should go to, and vest in, such Person or Persons as should be next in Remainder, to take the same according to the Limitations aforesaid, and who Should take upon him or them the Surname of Willis only, and bear the Testator’s Coat of Arms, and who Should petition for, and endeavour to procure, such Act of Parliament as aforesaid j and that the said Testator, Daniel Willis, is dead, and the Petitioner is become possessed of the said Estates by virtue of the said Will, and hath taken upon himself and used the Surname of Willis, and no other Surname, and doth bear the Coat of Arms of the said Testator’s Name and Family, pursuant to the said Will, and is willing and deftrous that the same may be confirmed to him, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Willis only, pursuant to the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr.

Bartbotnlty Church ana School 3111 presenttd.

Roxburgh

Roads Bill presented.

Sunderland Road Petition*

.c

29 Geo. III. 20 0 Februarit 129

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Mary Margaret Alfa-

ger, and Judith Alfager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel in the Parish of , in the County of Chester, and to endow the fame, and to establish a Charity School within the said Parish, and veiling the Right of Presentacion to the said Church or Chapel in them, their Heirs and Assigns: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburg, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed, ele£led, and authorized to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one of them made and paired in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of and the

other of the said Acts made and paired in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and *c continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act,

passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from 4t land near the Se'a, to the "City of , in the County of Durham" and also of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising from the Turnpike Gates, or Toll Bars, erected upon the said Turnpike Road, under and by virtue of the said Two recited Acts of Parliament, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves; and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the said Road, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by virtue of the said Acts, to the Amount of f .2,000, which is now owing, with some Arrear of Interest; and that, notwithstanding the Tolls collected, and the Money so borrowed, have been duly applied in repairing and amending the said Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts, yet, by reason of the many heavy Carriages continually passing thereon, and the Expence of providing proper Materials for repairing the said Road, which are brought from a considerable Distance to many Parts of the Road, it is impossible to complete the Repairs thereof, and to keep the same in Repair, and to pay the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, unless the Terms and Powers thereof are further continued, altered* and enlarged 5 and that the completing the Repairs of the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair according to the Intention of the said Acts, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the landed Estates in the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the said County of Durham, and the Commercial Interests of the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and continuing the Terms and Powers of the said Two several Acts of Parliament, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road, in such Manner, and by Rich Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do Vol. XLIV.

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Crewe, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners, Proprietors, Lessees, and other Inhabitants of Lands, Houses, and Tenements, within such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the North and South Sides of the New Road leading from Paddington tq IJliigton, called Sommers "Town (comprehending all the Lands of the Right honourable Charles Lord Sommers within the said Parish) whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That of late Years several Houses have been erected, and Streets, Lanes, and other Places formed, upon such Part of the said Parish of Saint Pancras as is above described, which are not paved, cleansed,lighted, watered, or watched, and are subject to Annoyances and Encroachments, and the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, are thereby rendered exceedingly incommodious to Passengers; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Part of the said Parish, and of all Persons resorting to, or passing through the fame, if the several Streets and other public Passages now made, or hereafter to be made, within the Limits aforesaid, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watered, and watched, and all Nuisances and Annoyances removed and prevented in future: And therefore; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Pur-i poses aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Aider-

man IVilkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Frederick Samuel Secretan, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Alderman Le Mefurier do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Atkyns, Esquire, Lord of the Manor and principal Proprietor of Lands in the Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester, the Reverend Henry Brown, Vicar of the same Parish, John Phillips, Lessee of the Great Tythes of the same Parish, the Reverend John Hippi/ley, Clerk, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Lower Swell, aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor and Parish several Open and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Condition are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands,

L1 and

St. Pancrju Paving Petition.

Secretan’t Nat. Petitions

Lower Swell

Inclosure

Petition.

Wakefield and Abberford Road Petition*

Stanwell and Shipcott Inclo-fuic Petition.

io° — 2 40 — 25®

150

Oh

and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners, and others the Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Lands, Tythes, Dues, Right of Common, and other Interests therein respectively, by such Ways, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pye, Mr. Master, and Captain , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, of and near Wakefield and Abbtrford, in the County of York, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the present Highway from Wakefield to Abberford is very crooked and indirect, and so narrow as not to admit of Carts, ox Carriages in many Parts thereof, and the Whole ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers; but by deviating in many Places from such Road, and by enlarging and widening other Parts thereof, through the several Parishes, Townships, and Di drifts of Wakefieldy Stanley, Rothwell, Oulton, ford, Swillington, Wefi Garforth, Church Moor

Garforth, and Abberford, a safe, easy, and commodious

Road may be made, and a more easy and advantageous Communication opened, through a rich, populous Country: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the making of a Turnpike Road from Wakefield to Abberford, and that the same may pass into a Law, under such Regulations and restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Buncombe > &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir William Gibbons, Baronet, Lord of the Manors of Stanwell and , otherwise Ham-

monds, in the County of Middlesex, the Reverend 'Thomas Cotes, Vicar of the Parish of Stanwell aforesaid, Sir John Aubrey, Baronet, Edwin Francis Stanhope, Esquire, Thomas Wood, Esquire, of Littleton, Oldfield Bowles, Esquire, of North Afion, Edmund Hill, Esquire, Henry Bullock, Esquire, and of the several other Persons'whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the said Manors and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands and Moors, within the said Manors and Parish, which contain by Estimation about 3,000 Acres, and the Petitioners are seised of the greatest Part of the Lands and Estates in the said Manors and Parish; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, subject to frequent Trespasses and much Inconvenience, and the fame, as also the Commons, Waste Lands, and Moors, are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it will be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if such Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, and Commonable and Waste

A. 1789*

Committee ap* pointed to consider Act for regulating the Trials of con* troverted Flections, revived.

Lands and Moors, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, and would also be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and' Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to take into Consideration so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve " in Parliament," as relates to the Fees to be demanded and taken for, or in respect of, the Examination of the Sureties, the Report thereon, and the taking the Recognizances therein mentioned; and also for, or in respect of, ascertaining and taxing the Coils and Expences therein mentioned, and the Report to be made thereon,-be revived. %

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committtwto notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. fit*

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 24.0 die Februarii

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Contention tien the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire; of Coichester and also, the Petition of George Jackson, Esquire, ®tiTO»°defc£ severally complaining of an undue Election and Re- red. turn for the Borough of Coichester, in the County of Essex, and also complaining that the said Return was not a Return of a Member to serve in Parliament, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Eighty-four Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, and adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the.

Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 250 die Febru;

Anno 29* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

*fACO B Siordet, and James Lewis Siordet, took the $;Ordet« J Oaths appointed in order to their Naturaliza- twom. tien.

4 The

fcnfnlentlon of Colchester Election Peii» tioat deferred*

Colchester Election Petitions con li tiered.

The Hour appointed for taking into Considera tien the Petition of George Esquire j and

also, the Petition of George Jifquire, severally

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of and also complaining that the said Return was not a Return of a Member to serve in Parliament, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Sixty-four Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, and journed the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 26° die Februarii;

Anno 29* Georgii III'" Regis, 1789. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire; and also, the Petition of George Esquire,

severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Col, in the County of Essex, and also complaining that the said Return was not a Return of a Member to serve in Parliament, being come j

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House was locked.

And the said Counsel being alked by Mr. Speaker, for whom they respectively appeared. One of them informed the House that he appeared at the Bar on the Part of Bezaliel Angier, Esquire, the Mayor of

chester, and Returning Officer for the said Borough at the last Election, to whom a Notice from Mr. Speaker, and an Order of the House, had been sent, to appear by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, when the Petitions before mentioned were ordered to be taken into Consideration; and the said Counsel also submitted to the House, that several Charges of Misconduct having been alledged against the Returning Officer in the said Petitions respectively, he ought to be permitted to appear as a Party before the said Committee now to be appointed, that he might not be subjected to their Censure without being heard in his Defence; and on that Consideration he trusted that the House would determine, that the Returning Officer was entitled to appear now as a Party on the Appointment of the said Committee, and to strike the Lift of Forty-nine Members together with the said Petitioners, as

in the same of there being more than Two Parties before the House.

And thereupon One of the Counsel for the said Mr.

‘Jackj'on informed the House that he submitted the Matter entirely to the Judgment of the House, neither consenting to nor opposing the Returning Officer’s Request.

And One of the Counsel for the said Mr. ‘Tierney objected to the Returning Officer’s being admitted to appear by his Counsel as a Party on the Appointment of the said Committee, and to his striking the said Lift, as the Interest of Mr. Tierney would be essentially affected by it; the said Counsel suggesting that the Returning Officer appeared at the Election to favour Mr. Jackj'on’j Interest, and that the real Contest before the Committee would be between the Two Petitioners only.

And the Counsel and Agents having been directed to withdraw some Way from the Bar;

Mr. Speaker stated to the House that a Notice and an Order had been sent to the Returning Officer, as mentioned by his Counsel, according to the Directions of the Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Intent that the Returning Officer might appear at the Bar by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, at this Time, in order that the House might now determine, from the Nature of the Cafe, whether the said Returning Officer shall, together with the said Petitioners, be entitled to strike off Names from the Lift of Forty-nine Members drawn by Lor, as in the same where there are more than Two Parties before the House, or whether such Lift shall be reduced by the Parties severally presenting the said Petitions only.

And both the said Petitions, and the said Act, were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Bezaliel Angier, Esquire, Mayor of Colchester, and Returning Officer at the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, be at Liberty to appear as a Party on the Appointment of the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel and Agents being again called to the Bar, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then the Order of the Day for raking the said Petitions into Consideration being read;

The Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glaftes, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Seventeen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Grey, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for Mr. Tierney,

And the Name of John Pitt, Esquire, being drawn, and Notice being taken that Mr. Pitt’s Return for the City of Gloucester was brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown on Monday the 9th Day of this Instant February, as appeared by Reference to the Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, but that the House did not fit on Monday last, being the Fourteenth Day next after the Day on which the said Return was brought in, and that the House on Tuesday last, and Yesterday, had adjourned for want of a sufficient Number of Members to proceed on the Petitions now taken into Consideration;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur, Tkat the Name of John Pitt, Esquire, be set down in tli£ Lift of Forty-nine Members drawn by Lot;

It passed in the Negative.

And his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of George Hunt, Esquire,

Sir

Siordcts Nat. Bill committed.

Forchoe Poor Bill reported.

New Shoreliam Harbour Petition.

132 26° Februa 1789.

Sir William Dolben, Baronet, and General James Grant, were drawn, who having sworn that they were severally Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Twelve other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside. Nine being Sixty Years of Age (before sworn) j One against whose Election a Petition was depending; and Two having voted at the Election.

And the w hole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for Mr. Jack/on nominated Sir William Young, Baronet, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lifts of the Forty- nine Names being delivered to the Counsel, the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Jacob Siordet and

James Lewis Siordet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kent, Mr. Crewe, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts of the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Mar jesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forchoe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of New Shoreham, and the Towns, Boroughs, and Parishes, within the Rape of Bramber, and Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair; and Setting forth. That, contrary to the Spirit and Meaning of the said Act, the Acting Commissioners never applied to the Justices at the Quarter Sessions for any Adjustment of their Account, agreeable to the Act of Parliament, until they applied for a Reduction of the Duties, which the Justices refused interfering with, as they could not take Cognizance of their Proceedings, for this Reason, that the Purposes, for which the said Act had been granted, never, in their Opinion, had been fulfilled or executed; and that, some Time after the passing of the said Act, the Commissioners for putting the same into Execution, at a large Expence, caused certain Cuts to be made, and Piers and Works to be erected, within the said Harbour, all of which Works were washed away before the same were fully completed, not by the Violence of the Sea altogether, but by the Error of the Engineer, employed in making the Pier-Heads, cutting off Ten and Twelve Feet of Timber from divers of the Piles belonging to the said Pier-Heads, by reason whereof, as soon as the Water was let in through the new Cut and between the Plcr-Heads, the Waters

every Tide coming into the Harbour, and returning back out of the fame, soon made a Passage under the Piles, whereby they were left in a fwinging and vibrating Posture until they were washed down; and that large Sums of Money were borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid, and secured upon the Rates and Duties imposed by the said Act, and all the Rates and Duties, made payable by the said Act upon the several Articles therein particularly enumerated, have been'uniformly raised, levied, and paid by the Petitioners and others subject thereto, and the same still continues to be enforced and received; and that the Petitioners have caused Enquiry to be made into the Annual Amount thereof, and find that from the Month of1787 to the Month of May 1788 the Receipt for the same appears to have been £.907. 6s. id. which the Petitioners have every Reason to believe has been equalled since the Act for Registering of Shipping took Place, and taking the Average Receipts thereof in every preceding Year, it will amount, upon a Computation thereof from the ift of July 1760 to the ill of July 1788, taking the same at Twenty-eight Years, to the enormous Sum of £. i6,8co; and that the Petitioners have made proper Enquiries into the Debts and Expences incurred by the said Commissioners on Account of the said Works and Harbour, and for the due Payment of which the said Rates and Duties are by the said Act made chargeable, and find that the same amounts to the Sum of £. 16,000, or thereabouts, and that a great Part, if not the Whole thereof, hath been paid off and discharged by the said Commissioners, out of the Receipts for, and on Account of, the said Rates and Duties, and that a large Balance of Money, arising from the said Rates and Duties, is now remaining in the Hands of the said Commissioners; and that the Cut, Piers, and other Works, erected and made in the said Harbour of New Shoreham, by virtue of the Powers in the said Act contained, before the same could be completed, were, in or about the Month of March 1764, broken down, destroyed, and washed away, owing, as the Petitioners believe, to the Badness of the Work of the Engineer, and the same were never afterwards repaired, re-erected, or made, but the said Harbour from that Time hath been wholly without, and unprovided with, any of the Piers or Works, intended by the said Act for the Security and Improvement thereof; and that there is now as great or greater Necessity for Piers and other Works,

for Security and Improvement of the said Harbour, as existed at the Time of the making of the said Act, with this Advantage in the present Exigencies of the same over the former, that, from accurate Plans and Surveys, which the Petitioners have caused to be made by Men of the bed Judgment and Integrity, it appears, that if new Piers and other Works, for the Security and Improvement of the said Harbour, according to the Plan and Survey annexed to the Petition, were now to be made, the same might be done with much greater Advantages, and at but little more Expence, than the former Works intended by the said Act were or could have been erected, for the following Reasons — Firff, that if new Piers and other Works, for the Security and Improvement of the said Harbour, were adopted according to the said Plan and Survey, a moll capital Harbour and Bason for the Accommodation of Shipping might be made, with the Addition,of Three powerful Sluices for the Purpose of keeping any Shoals or Banks from accumulating before the said Harbour’s Mouth, and a large Tract of rich Land thereby, by reason of its Contiguity to the said River, near the present Harbour’s Mouth, would be saved, otherwise, in Time, a great deal would be totally loft; — Secondly, that the Harbour, when completed according to the said Plan and Survey, will be one of the best Tide Harbours In England as to Navigation, and mult be of the greatest 1 Utility

29 Geo. III. 16° Februarii.

Utility to Government, and all surrounding Nations, from its Situation, as it lies at the very Bottom of the Bay between the Isle of Wight and in

the County of Stiffen, and will, when completed, have at full Tides near Thirty Feet of Water, without any Shoals, and all Vessels harbouring the re may lie a-float in the said intended new Bason, according to the said Plan and Survey, and, when going out of the said intended Pier-Heads, will drop immediately into deeper Water, into the Sea, and so continue till they have made a good Offing, which the Situation of the former Piers and Works could not have admitted — Thirdly, thar, in a Short Time, the present Passage or Outlet to the Sea will get into such a dangerous Situation, that the Navigation and Trade will be greatly injured, if not effectually destroyed; that Three different Estimates have been given in by the said Engineers, the first Plan and Survey whereof amounted to f.8,000, the second to 11,000, and the third

to £. 13,000, which is the greatest Expence it can amount to, as appears by the said Survey; and further Setting forth. That, unless fume new Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the said Harbour Should be made, the Petitioners from the said Port of New Sboreham, and other Traders to and from thence, will not only have paid down large Sums of Money on Account of the Rates and Duties by the said Act imposed, but will also continue liable to pay the said several Rates and Duties, without enjoying the Benefits by the said Act intended, for the Petitioners are well advised, that although by the Clause in the said Act, which directs, that when it Should appear to the Justices therein mentioned, and be so certified, that the Purposes of the Act had been complied with, that One-third Part of the Duties thereby granted Should ccafe, and the other Two-thirds thereof continue to be collected, for keeping the said Piers and other Works in good and sufficient Repair, yer, in the Events which have happened, neither the said Duties, by the Act directed to cease, can confidently cease, the Intention of the said Act not being fully answered, nor, without the Interposition of Parliament, can new Piers and other Works be now erected, in the Stead of those washed away and destroyed, for Want of sufficient Power and Authority in the said Commissioners to erect and make new Piers and other Works for the Improvement and Benefit of the said Harbour, according to the Exigency of the present Cafe; and that the Petitioners, underdanding that the present Acting Commissioners of the said Harbour intend petitioning Parliament for a Reduction of Three-fourths of the present Duties now granted by the said Act, and that only One-fourth Part diould remain for the maintaining and keeping the said Harbour in Repair, the Petitioners beg Leave to inform the House, that in a few Years (Should such a Reduction take Place) the said Commissioners will be under the same Predicament of praying the Aflidance of Parliament to support them in laying on again a great Proportion of those Duties they are now so anxious of reducing, in order to preserve and support the Trade of the said Harbour: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers and other " Works for the Security and Improvement of the " Harbour of New Shoreham,in the County of " and for keeping the same in Repair," and to excend the Provisions of the said Act to the executing of a new Pier, or new Piers, and other Works, in the said Harbour, for the Security and Improvement of the fame, according to the said Plan and Survey, and to direct, that the Expences attending this Petition, and the making and passing the said Act, or amending the Vol. XLIV.

fame by One or more Clause or Clauses here prayed, be defrayed out of the Arrears of the Rates and Duties now in the Hands of the said Commissioners for putting in Execution the former Act, so far as the same will extend to pay, and the Deficiency to be made good out of other Rates and Duties to be imposed by such new Bill and Act, or Clause or Clauses to be added to tile now prelcnc Act, or in such other Mode as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and r.*port the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Cecil Mr. Peachey,

dec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Campbell, Junior, Esquire, Lord Glasgow Po-Provost, John Dunlcp, John Alflcn, Junior, and ll e 1>e,t,on-

Glen, Elijuires, Baillics of the City of for

themselves, and in Behalf of the other Members of the Common Council of the said City, as representing the Community thereof, was prd'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Years ago the Magi (Ira tes and Town Council of Glasgow purchased the Lands of Ramjhorn, and certain other Lands lying to the North of the City, and from the Increase of the Inhabitants it has become necessary to feu or fell out the Lands thus purchased, for the Purpose of Building, and on this Account it is expedient that the Royalty of the City, and the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates thereof, Should be extended over the said Lands; and that it would be for the Utility of the said City, and of the Inhabitants, that certain new Streets were opened, and certain new Entries made into the City, and that Footways or Pavements should be made upon the Sides of the Streets, and kept in Repair; and that the Streets of the said City are very ill lighted and cleansed, and there are no proper Funds for these Purposes, and the Police of the City also requires great Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjoining Lands, for opening certain new Streets or Entries into the said City, for lighting and cleaning the Streets, and regulating the Police of the said City, for giving certain Powers to the Magistrates of the said City, and for other Purposes to be therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Glasgow Owners of Land in the Counties of Lanark and Ayr, 1>e* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, by the Kirk town of Kilbride, and the 1'own of all in the County of Lanark, to in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards in the County of Dumfries, and the Road communicating with that above mentioned, leading from the Town of Hamilton, in the said County of Lanark, to the Coniines of the said County, at or near to Kirkland Bridge, and from thence by Eaglefoamin the County of Renfrew, to King/well, in the County of Ayr, are in bad Repair, inconvenient for Travellers, and dangerous for Carriages, and the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless Provision is made by Parliament: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually making and repairing the said Roads, and other Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

M m Consideration

Willis’s Name Bill presented.

Coblum Incloiuic Bill prtlcnttd*

Lower Swell Inciofuic Bill pi denied.

Broughton Inoohire Bill presented.

Urchfont and Bccclun^Uokc

In. lotn c rci.uu*.

160 Febru.

A. 1789.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Major , the Marquis of Graham, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, ac- bring in, the fame.

and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests, the same would be more convenient and advantageous to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Addington and Mr. JoJhu Smith do prepare, and

cording to Order, a Bill to enable Ralph Willis, Esquire (lately called Ralph Earle) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Willis only, pursuant to the Will of Daniel

Willis, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord William Rujfellpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for setting out and allotting to Thomas Page, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of bam, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of otherwise Coveham, in the County of certain

Parts of the Commons and Waste Grounds, called Downfile Common, and ChatleyHeath, within the said Manor and Parish, as a Compensation for enfranchising the Copyhold Estates held of the said Manor, and cxtinguishing certain other of his Manerial Rights within the said Manor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pye presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucrjler:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Young presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Marlhcs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the FiiftTime.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of EllerougbWoodcock, and John Blake,

Esquires, William Salmon, Gentleman, Thomas Erie D>ax, Esquire, the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, the President and Scholars of Corpus ChristiCollege in Oxford, John Walker Ileneage, Esquire, the Reverend Charles Mayo, Clerk, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of, and Persons interested in, the several Common Fields, and other Lands herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parishes of Urchfent and Bccchingfioke, in the County of Wilts, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considera-blc Improvement, but if the fame, together with the said Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, were divided into specitic Shares, and allotted amongst the several Proprietors, in lieu of,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- stourbrMg* holders of the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Sa- p<"^* Pe" lop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, an Act was made for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the late Market House in Stourbridge, in the County of -cester, to Wordesley Green Gate,in the Parish of KingJ-

winford, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Market House to the Town of in the said

County of Worcester, and from the said Market House by a Place called Clap Gate, in the Parish of Hagley, to join the Road leading from Blakedown , to the Cross of the Hands near to Holloway Head, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick (being the Road from Kidderminster to Birmingham') and from the said Market House to a House late the Sign of The Crown, at Iverley Hill,in the Parish'of Kinfare, in the said County of Stafford, and also several other Roads described in the said Act; and, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was palfed for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of the said former Act; and that by virtue of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Road leading from the said Market House to Colley Gate, in Cradley, in the said- County of Worcester, and from Colley Gate aforesaid to Halesowen,in the Counties of Worcester and Salop, is, with several other Roads therein described, directed to be amended and kept in Repair; and that the said several Acts, so far as relates to the Roads hereinbefore described, are in many Respects defective, and require Alterations and Amendments, and, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, the said Roads might be better repaired, and with greater Convenience to the Trustees, if all the Powers and Authorities necessary for those Purposes were included in One Act of Parliament, and it would like-wife be a great Accommodation to the Public, if the Road from the Sign of The Fish, at Coal bourne,

in the Parish of Oldjwinford, through the Hamlets or Townships of Wollajion and Iver ley, to the Finger Poll at Churchill Field Corner, in the Parish of Churchill, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, which branches out of the said first-mentioned Road from Stourbridge to Wordesley Green Gate, and is in many Parts narrow and incommodious, was effectually widened and repaired, and for that Purpose put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the Repair of the other Roads hereinbefore mentioned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and keeping the said several Roads in Repair, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr.

Crewe, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

x Lord

Bradley in- Lord George Cavendish reported From the Commit-

dofwe Bill tee, to whom the Bill For dividing and inclosing cer-

r ' tain Ings or Meadow Ground, called Bradley Ings,

and Two Moors or Commons, called Upper Bradley Common, and Lower Bradley , within the Ma-

nor of Bradley, in the Parish oFin the West Riding of the County of Torkt was committed j That the Committee had examined, and Found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills oFlncloFure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Found the Fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-Fent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qu^ftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

High worth A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Poor Petition, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, paying to the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor in the Parish of in the County of

Wills, was prefenred to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Parish is very large and popu-I lous, and the Poor thereof exceedingly numerous, and although it is divided into several Tythings and other Divisions, yet, with respect to the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, is considered as one Parish; and that if a Workhouse was to be provided for the said Parish, wherein the Poor might be kept and employed, and Power given to compel them to Work, the Rates for their Relief would be rendered much less burthensome to the Parish; and the Poor be better maintained and provided for; and that there are Four Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish chosen Annually, who being generally People in Business, the Office is frequently executed by interested Deputies, whereby the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor is much misapplied, and the Poors Rates are Annually increasing, to the great Grievance of those who pay to them, all which Evils it is apprehended might, in a great Degree, be remedied, if Power was given to appoint a fit and proper Person as an additional Overseer, for the sole Purpose of taking the Care and Management of the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above-mentioned Purposes, tinder such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Yylney Long, Mr< Hujfey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Member added Ordered, That Mr. Pye be added to the Gentlemen to bring m who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, BX,anV St' according to the Prayer of the Petition of Frederick Samuel Secretan.

Secretan’eNat. Mr. Pye presented to the House, according to Or-Biil presented. der, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick Samuel Seer elan.

otherwise called Samuel Frederick Secretan: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom Wakefield and the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, of and near Wakefield and Abberford, in the County of reported. York,whose Names are thereto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Parker, Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Road leading from Wakefield to,

through Stanley, Rotbwell, Oulton, -lington, Wefi Garforth, Church and Moor

Garforth, that the same is very crooked and indirect, and so narrow in many Parts thereof, as not to admit of Carts or Carriages, and is also in such a ruinous State; as to be dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be widened and put into proper Repair by the present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York:And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, and Sir William doi ’

prepare, and bring in, the fame;

A Petition of the Right ^honourable George Capel Thfuffington Coningefby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, indo.'ure Pe. and of the several other Persons whose Names are tltlon’ thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the'

Parish of Thruffmgton, otherwise other-

wife Truffmgton, in the County of Leicester, several

Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners and Others; and that the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Courtenay and the Lord Maitland do prepare, and bring in-, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Paley, Richard Starkie, L*ngciiffe.

James Fofter, Anthony Stackhouse, and Richard Redmayne, Jjion!’"* Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of Langcliffe, in the West Riding of the County of York, Six Stinted Pallures adjoining to each other, called Cow Close, Over Close, Langcliffe Scar, Dawbaw, Winfkillfiones, and Gorbeck, which contain together, by Estimation, about 1,400 Acres; and that the Petitioners and others, in respect of their Cattlegates thereon, are entitled to the Whole of the said Six Stinted Pastures, and the fame, in their present Situation, are not capable of Improvement, nor can they be occupied to such Advantage as they might be, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts *

thereof

Worcester

Writ#

House resolvea to adjourn to Monday*

Manchester Square Bill committed*

Committees to (it.

Barthomley Church and School Bill committed*

Westminster Elegion Petitions deferred.

C.)Iwhefter

Kic£hon

Committee

appointed*

i \6 26° Februarii — A. 1789.

thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Six Stinted Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worceft, in the room of the Honourable William Ward,now Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, called up to the House of Peers.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the Improvement of Manchester Square, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Taylor, Mr. Greville, dec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

A Bill to enable Mary Margaret Aljager,

and Judith Alfager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel in the Parish of Barthomley, in the County of Chester, and to endow the fame, and to establish a Charity School within the said Parish, and veiling the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, their Heirs and Assigns, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Taylor, Mr. Crewe, dec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the several Orders, made upon the 17th Day of this Instant February, for taking into Confederation, upon Friday the 6th Day of March next, the Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Elcftors of the said City and Liberty, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 3d Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of Mr. Jackson, by an Agreement then made between the Parties, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck j to %

which last mentioned Lift the Names of Charles Grey, Esquire, and Sir William Toung, Baronet, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Robert Wood, Esquire, John Langfton, Esquire, Sir Charles Kent, Baronet, Richard Aldworth Neville, Esquire, John Moore, Esquire, Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Burnet Abercrombie, Esquire, Matthew Montagu, Esquire, Alexander Brodie, Esquire, John Smyth, Esquire, Sir James Langham, Baronet, Sir Cecil Bif-shopp, Baronet, John Calvert, Junior, Esquire, Charles Grey, Esquire, Sir William Toung, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, and also of the said Petition of George Jackson, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning nex^ Ten of the Clock.

Luncey 2° die Martii;

Anno 29° Georgii III. U Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

T EWIS Pour tales', John William Vogel, and Henry Siffken, took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; being Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, Shopkeepers, Farmers, Owners and Captains of Ships and Vessels, and others interested, rending in and near, and trading to, from, and within the Port of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex j and also, the Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers and ct other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of " Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair," were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Act was read, by which it appeared, that Powers were given for making a new Cut through the Sea Beach, opposite the Village called Kingston by Sea, about a Mile to the Eastward of the said Town of New Shoreham, and to erect Piers, and do such other Works as Should be necessary to make and maintain a more commodious Entrance into the said Harbour. And

Mr. Henry Partington, Treasurer to the said Commissioners, being examined, said. That ^.6,100 was borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and Piers were erected, and a new Cut made, but from various

Cause*

Pourtale*, Vojrel, and Siffken sworn*

New Shoreham Harbour Petitions reported*

Wendt’s Kat. Petition*

Marlborough Roads Petition.

29 Geo. III. 20 Martii.

Causes the Channel took a different Direction, and now runs into the Sea, near Half a Mile to the East-ward of where the Piers were erected, which have been washed away, and no other Works erected.

That the Money borrowed has been repaid with Interest, and all Claims for Loss of Property, and otherwise, have been paid, and the Sum of thereabouts, remains at present unapplied in the Treasurer’s Hands — That the Annual Receipt of the Duties has, on an Average, for Seven Years, amounted to £. 557 j and last Year it was £.912 — That the DiT-

buriements have, on an Average of the last Seven Years, amounted to £. 1 12 p Annum.

That the Harbour is in as good a State as it has usually been for many Years past, and is adequate for the Purpose of receiving Ships and Vessels of moderate Burthen sufficient for the Trade of the Country.

That the full Tolls granted by the said Act still continue to be collected, the Commissioners not having Power to lower them more than One-Third — That the Witness apprehends One-Fourth of the present Tolls would be sufficient to kefep the Harbour in as good a State as it has been for Twenty Years past.

Thomas Norton, Esquire, being examined, laid. That the Harbour is in as good a State as is necessary for the Trade of the Country — That One-Fourth of the present Tolls would be necessary to keep the Harbour in as good a State as it has been for many Years past — That he never heard of any Complaints of the Harbour, except when Bars have been formed by Easterly Winds: That at present a Bar is forming on Account of the Easterly Winds, which have continued for some Tiny: past, but it may be easily removed. And he added. That several Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of and for keeping the same in Repair: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham, Lord George Henry Lennox, and Mr. Medley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Nathaniel was presented to

the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir James do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees, named and appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlboroug, through West Ken-nett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from The Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts, and for carrying into Execution an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the before-mentioned Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to The Carpenters Arms in Blunfdon, in the said County, and also of many of the principal Inhabitants and Landholders residing in or near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Sum of 000 has been borrowed, and is now due, on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and the same hath been expended in the Reparation of the said Roads; Vol. XLIV.

and that the said Roads cannot be effectually kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are further extended and enlarged; and that a Part of the present Road, of about Two Miles in Length, from near The Catharine Wheel Inn at Beckhampton aforesaid, to the Top of Cherrill Hill, is very steep, and Travellers have been much incommoded by the full Force of the Winds passing over the high Downs there, whereby Carriages have been sometimes overturned; that a commodious Road may be made, so as to avoid the great Ascent of the said Hill, either on the North or South Side thereof, but such Alteration cannot be effected without a considerable Expence, which may make it necessary to borrow a further Sum on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and to alter the Powers of the said Acts, and for such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as . it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Peachey, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually carrying into Forehoe Poor Execution the Purposes of certain Acts, of the Six- Bll‘Paffed' teenth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the,

Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Weld, Esquire, James Whalley, wiiwelllnclo- Esquire, Penn Afsheton Curzon, Esquire, Robinson Shut- iure Petition. tie worth, Esquire, Paul Greenwood, William Hartley,

James Clegg, and Thomas Drinkwaterwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Township of Wifwell, and Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, a certain Common, or . Parcel of Waste Ground, called Wifwell Moor, containing by Estimation 350 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Petitioners and others, in respect of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Wifwell aforesaid, are entitled to Right of Common, without Stint, on the said Common or Waste Land; and that the said Moor or Common is not, in ts present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as it might if the same was divided and inclosed, and specific fc*arts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moor or Common, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackburneand Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Goiford Green thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execu- p°*d,p"i*

N n tien »

Roxburgh Rm Kill mined.

Whatfon Ire i re Ptution.

i° Martii. 1789.

t’nn an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford in the Parish

of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of

Sandhurst, and from the Green near Benenden Church to ‘the Bull Inn at Rohenden in the County of

Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and widening the Roads included therein, and in order thereto have taken up at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls, divers Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of £. 1,500, which isilill due; and that the said Act is nearly expired, and the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, and the Interest of the said Sum of Money paid, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and the Act in forne other Respects made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge and prolong the Term and Powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Honywood,

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Douglas, Sir Adam Fe-guJJon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at’ Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl of

Chesterfield, Lord of the Manor of Whatton, and the humble Petition of John Miller Holland, William Thomas Mann, Benjamin Hooper, Thomas Oliver, Richard Pell, William Hooper, William Carpendale, and Ann Davis, being Owners of Lands, Tythes, and Common Right, in the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Whatton, in the County of Nottingham, on Behalf of themselves, and all other Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, contain by Estimation 1,700 Acres; and that divers Lands and Grounds within the said Parish lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties, according to their Interests therein, it would be beneficial to the Petitioners, and all other the Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, under such Regulations as to the I Joule shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierre pent and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Coape Sherbrooke, John Need, Arnold incio. Robert Padley, Edward Jones, and others, Lords of the fuic i>ctitlon> Manor of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham, and likewise, with others, are Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Common Fields and Meadows, and entitled to Right of Common in and upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor, was presented to the 'House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields and Meadows lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, as likewise the said Commons and Waste Lands, are incapable of Improvement; and that if the said Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Improvement to the Estates of the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows,

Commons, and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Bradley incl<*» Ings or Meadow Ground, called Bradley Ings, and f"r^e(fill Two Moors or Commons, called Upper Bradley Com- pa mon and Lower Bradley Common, within the Manor of Bradley, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,- An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Ings or Meadow Ground, called Bradley Ings, and Two Moors or Commons called Upper Bradley Common, and Lower Bradley Common, within the Manor of Bradley, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lower Swell Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of mi e Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pye,

Mr. Webb, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.' Bramston presented to the House, according to Eire* Shire Order, a Bill for building a new Shire House for the County of Essex: And the same was received; and p,een* ' read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for setting out and allotting to Thomas Page, Cobham in- Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Ccbbam, otherwise cloture Bill Coveham, in the Parish of Cobham, otherwise Cove- comnune bam, in the County of Surrey, certain Parts of the Commons and Waste Grounds called Downftde -mon, and Chatley Heath, within the said Manor and Parish, as a Compensation for enfranchising the Copyhold Estates held of the said Manor, and extinguishing certain other of his Manerial Rights within the said Manor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William RuJJell, Sir Joseph Mawbey,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Maitland presented to the House, ac- Thruflington cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and 8,11

inclosing the Open Common Fields, and several other pre en,e Lands' and Grounds, in the Parish of ThruJJington, otherwise Thurjlanton,otherwise TruJJington, in the County

2t) Geo. lit.

2°

Martii.

139

County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Barton Road Bctition.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled,

Bridge on the Old River at to Brandon

" Bridge, in the County of ," was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money

in 'Consequence of the said Works being destroyed, the Harbour has remained ever since in a ne^letted State, and is at present unfit for the Reception of Ships and Vessels having Occasion to use the Port.

Mr. James Brown, and Mr. Ralph Pilots at

Sborebam, confirmed the last mentioned Evidence; and added, That the Harbour is in a much worse

An Act for repairing the Road from the State at present than it has been at any Period since

the passing of the Act.

Daniel Roberts} Esquire, a Merchant in London, being also examined, said, That if the Harbour was improved by the Erection of new Piers, and other Works, for the Preservation thereof, it would be of

upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, great Benefit to the Trade of the Town and Neigh-together with the Tolls, have been applied according bourhood of Sborebam, as well as of Public Utility, to the Directions of the said Act; and that great Pro- by affording a safe and commodious Harbour for all gress hath been made in amending the said Road, but Shipping that by Stress of Weather, or otherwise, the Tolls granted by the said Act have been found might have Occasion to use the fame; and that the insufficient for the Purposes of keeping the Road in present Harbour is by no means adequate for those Repair, and paying the Interest of the Money bor- Purposes, thp Witness having himself experienced rowed; and that the Term of the said Act is near ex- great Inconvenience by the Delay of his Ships from piring, and the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof Accidents, in not being able to get to and from the still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said said Harbour in due Time — In consequence of which Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Pow- Accidents he has been prevented, within the last Three ers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged. Months, from fending several Ships to and from and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That Sborebam, which he otherwise Should have done. — Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing Then,

and enlarging the Term and PowerS of the said Act, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Mr. Joseph Hodjkinjon, an Engineer, being examined, said. That he has attentively viewed arid considered the State and Condition of the Harbour o — That it is practicable to improve the fame, in the Manner stated in the Report annexed to the Petition, so as effectually to complete a new Harbour, as therein described — That the Expence of making a commo-

Pourtales Nat. Bill committed.

New Shoreham Harbour Petition reported.

And it is referred to Sir James Johnstone, Mr. Strutt, dious Harbour, with Piers, and other Works, according

~ to One Line delineated on the Plan annexed to the

Petition, will amount to about £.13,000; and according to another Line described in the Plan (being on a smaller Scale) the Expence will be about £ 8,000.

The Witness further said. That, in his Opinion, the Sum of £.800 a Year, properly applied towards making Piers, and other Works, will, in the Course of Eight or Ten Years, insure a safe, perfect, and commodious Harbour, admitting Vessels drawing from Sixteen to Eighteen Feet Water at dead Neap Tides, and that in consequence of the Improvement of the Harbour, the Duties will considerably increase. And,

Mr. Hugh Roberts further said. That even if the present Duties were properly collected, they might be increased nearly £. 150 and when the Har-

bour is improved the Increase will be considerably more, as the Trade will be greater.

Mr. Henry Robinson being again examined, said. That some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the before-mentioned Act, particularly with respect to the Qualification of the Commissioners, which is found to be considerably too high, and it will also be necessary to make an Addition to the Number of the Commissioners thereby appointed. And in order to prove the Amount of the Monies

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Lewis Pourtales, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Kent, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir CecilBijshopp reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of New Sborebam, and the Towns. Boroughs, and Parishes, within the Rape of Bramber, and Borough of New Sborebam, in the County of and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for

0 r. m 1 ’f 1 c - borrowed, collected, and paid by the Commissioners

eredhng Piers, and other Works, for the Security .-, AAFrmMLTinw«fMfli.1,

in pursuance of the said Act, from the Time of passing the same to the 16th Day of February 1789, an Account (of which the following is a Copy) was laid before your Committee, signed by the Clerk and Trca-surer; viz-.

" and Improvement of the Harbour of New Sborebam,

" in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same " in Repair," was read: And,

Mr. Henry Robinson, who was Surveyor under the said Act, being examined, said. That in pursuance thereof. Cuts were made, and Piers and Works erected, which were waftied away by the Sea before they were completed, owing to their being ill constructed, and to the bad Conduct of the Engineer employed at that Monies arising from the Sale of Ma-Time. terials washed from the Piers, See.

Mr. Nathaniel Hillman confirmed the said Evi- Monies disbursed for erecting the dence. Piers, and other Works, and for

Mr. Hugh Roberts being next examined, said. That keeping the Harbour in Repair -

Monies borrowed during the above-mentioned Period — —

Duties collected ——

6,100

15,909

11

989 5 9*

9>*9S

14

Mpmes

I'.'y Drainage Petition reported.

20 Martii. A. 1789.

Monies paid for Principal and Interest 11,044 7 8

Monies paid for Loss of Properry by the Encroachments of the Harbour 1,415 5 5

Balance remaining in my Hands, as Treasurer to the said Commissioners — — — 643 8 ij

Amount of the Duties collected from the lft Day of May 1787 to the ift Day of May 1788 — — 911 16 9

(Signed) Hs Par

Clerk and Treasurer to the Commissioners of the Harbour of Sborebam.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers and other " Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Sborebam, in the County of Stiffen, and for keeping the same in RepairAnd that Sir Cecil Bifsbopp and Mr. Peachey do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Most Noble Marquis and the humble Petition of the several Commissioners, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, in a certain District of Fen Lands, called Middle Fen lying

between Ely and Soham, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Commissioners, Owners and Proprietors of Land in the aforesaid District, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied withj and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands " and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County " of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, " Ouze, and Mildenball Rivers, and bounded on the

South East by the Hard Lands of IJlebam, Fordbam, Sobam, and lVicken\ and for empowering the Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of " Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called " Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands within the " said Limits, commonly called Invejled Lands," was read: And,

Mr. John Shearing being examined, said. That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have, at a great Expence, raised Banks, and erected Engines, and done other Works for the better Preservation thereof, which have obliged them to borrow large Sums of Money.

That the Floods have of late Years risen to extraordinary Heights, and come down with such Violence against the Banks as to occasion great Breaches therein, which obliged the Commissioners to lay out further large Sums in heightening and strengthening them, and on other necessary Works which the Nature of the Undertaking required, whereby the Debt contracted is now become so heavy that the Rates are not sufficient to pay the Interest.

That the Banks of the Rivers are greatly damaged by Horses towing, or haling, Vessels along the said Rivers, which occasions a very considerable additional Expence to the Commissioners — That it is proposed

to take a Toll upon Horses towing Vessels upon the Banks, to be applied towards supporting the said Banks and Towing Paths, in case they shall be authorized so to do.

Mr. William Wilkin, Receiver and Expenditor of the Rates, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render effectual an Act of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenball Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJlebam, Fordbam, Sobam, and Wicken, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invejled Lands, and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir James Johnstone do prepare, and bring in, the fame*.

A Bill to enable Ralph Willis, Esquire (lately called will;*’. Nam* Ralph Earle) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Willis only, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis, Esquire, deceased, was read z Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ‘Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants, and also of Wheatley several Owners of Inns and Houses in Wheatley, in Potion, the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Wheatley is a considerable Village, in which there are several Inns, with large Stables, and other Conveniences, erected for the Accommodation of Travellers, situate about Six Miles to the East of the City of; and

that the Turnpike Road from Stokenchurch to Oxford formerly went through the said Village, but was some few Years since turned and carried (where it now continues) on the North Side thereof, near or adjoining to most or all of the Yards belonging to the said Inns, and a Branch of the said Road separates from the other Part thereof, near the East End of the said Village, and goes to Enjlow Bridge; and that the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Leave is givfcn to bring in a Bill, not only to enlarge the Terms and Powers of repairing the said Roads, but also to make a Road from the Bottom of Cheyney Lane up -

ton Hill to join the present Enjlow Branch of Road in the Parish of Holton, instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Sbotover Hill to the said Enjlow Branch, and by such Alteration the present Road adjoining to the said Village would cease to be Turnpike, and if the Road Should be made and continued in the Manner proposed, it would be carried at some Distance from the said Village, which the Petitioners conceive would be injurious to them, and not so convenient to Persons travelling the said Roads; and that a Communication may be made from the Enfow Branch of the said Road at or near the West End of Wheatley to the present Road on the Side of the said Village, by which Means a considerable Part of the said Enjlow Branch adjoining to Holton Park Wall would be rendered useless, and might be extinguished, and the Expence of repairing thereof saved: And therefore praying, That the present Highway (or some other Communication) from the Enjlow Branch to the other Part of the said Road, at or near the West End of Wheatlcy, may be taken into and made Part of the said Turnpike Road, and the Road adjoining the North Side of the said Village continued as Part 2 thereof.

I4I

29 Geo. III.

z* — 50 Martii.

Accounts of Revenues of Bengal; Fort St. George j Bombay; and Fort Mailbro’ — and Amount of East India Company's Debts Abroad, presented.

thereof, and that the Trustees may be empowered, if they fee fir, to discontiniie the present Road from such Communication at the West End of Wheatley to the present Junction at the East End of the said Village, or that both Parts of the said Road may be kept open, and continue under the Management of the said Trustees, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do* examine the Matter, thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Charles

Spencer, See.,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° i. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Bengal, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 2. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Fort Saint George, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 3. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Bombay, and of the Annual Charges at the said Presidency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 4. An Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of Fort Marlbro’, and of the Annual Charges at the said Residency; distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof: And also,

N° 5. Amount of the Bond, and other Debts, owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rate of Interest which such Debts carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

House refoives Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Thursda *° House this Day, adjourn till Fhurjday Morning ur ay* next.

Committee* to Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, fit* notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Fburjday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

' Jov'tS) 50 die Martii j

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

Vol. XUV.

c^rOHN Gottlieb Klopfer took the Oaths appointed, in Klopferfworn, J order to his Naturalization.

Sir "John Eden reported from the Committee, to Bishop Wear-whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land- pe°t",£nRI£d holders, and Inhabitants of the County of Durham, potted, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

George Pearjon, Esquire, being examined, said. That he

knows the Road leading from the Town of Bishop Wearmouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, through the several Parishes of Bishop Wearmouth, Seaham, Dalton-le-Dale, Eastngton, Castle Eaden,

Monk Hejledon, Hart, Elwick Hall, Billingham, and Norton, to the Town of Norton, near Stockton, in the said County; that the same is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened and kept in proper Repair by the present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ‘altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the Road leading from the Town of Bishop Wearmouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Norton, near Stockton, in the said County: And that Sir John Eden, Mr. and

Mr. Lambton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sic John Eden reported from the Committee, to Sunderland whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed, elected, Road Jje,iti8" and authorized to put in Execution Two several Acts repon of Parliament, the one of them made and passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *« An Act for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea,

" to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham;" and the other of the said Acts made and passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " enlarging and continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the " Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of " Durham, in the County of D," ^nd also of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising from the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars, erected upon the said Turnpike Road, under and by virtue of the said Two recited Acts of Parliament, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz,

O © T©

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Thomas Sanderson, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Road in Repair, and have borrowed the Sum of £.2,000 upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by virtue of the said Acts. That notwithstanding the Tolls collected, and the Money so borrowed, have been doly applied in repairing and amending the said Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, yet, by reason of the many heavy Carriages continually passing on the said Road, and the Expence of Materials necessary for amending the same, which are brought from a considerable Distance, it is impossible to complete the Repairs of the said Road, and to pay the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, unless the Terms and Powers thereof are further continued, altered, and enlarged. And he added, That the completing the Repairs of the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair, according to the Intention of the said Acts, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the landed F.states in the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the County of and the Commercial Interests of the Kingdom in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of,

in the County of Durham: And that Sir John Eden, Mr. Tempejl, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

odihamTncio. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are sure Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or otherwise interested in the Common Fields, Downs, and Waste Lands, within the several Tythings of Odibam, Northwarnborough, , Rye, and within the Parish of Odibam, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Property of the Petitioners, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lanck in the said Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated with respect to the Cultivation thereof, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors concerned, if the said Common Fields, together with the Downs and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them, in Proportion to their respective Estates and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Downs, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under furh Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that - Mr. Thijlletbwayte and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

oHiham Roid A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are petition. thereunto subscribed, residing near and adjacent to the Road leading from the East End of the High Street, in the Town and Parish of , over Rye Common,

in the said Parish, and through the several Parishes of Cr.ndal!,in the County of Southampton, and Farnham, in the County of Surrey, to the North West End of CaJ/eStreet, in Farnham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road above described is the Common Highway leading from Odibam, and other Places, to Farnham, both of which arc populous Market Towns, and is also the

direct and nearest Road from Odibam to and, if kept in Repair, would open a free Communication between divers large Towns and Places in the Counties of Southampton, Surrey, and Sussex, but the said Highway is very founderous, nanrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of peculiar Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Towns of Guildford, Basingstoke, Odibam, and Farnham, and the Villages adjacent thereto, as well as of general Public Utility, if Powers were given to Trustees to repair and widen the said Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and improving the said Highway, and for railing Money to defray the Expence$ thereof, and securing the Re-payment thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thijlle Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are HmfoH-thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned, for repairing the Road leading from llertfordbridge Hill to the Towns of jloke and Odibam, and of several other Persons residing near the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odibam., in the County of Southampton; and that, by Two Acts passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Term and Powers of the said former Act were enlarged; and that the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have borrowed the Sum of f. 2,000 upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls collected under the Authority of the said Acts, have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof, yet the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, according to the Intent, of the said Acts, and the said Sum of £. 2,000 discharged, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts are continued, and the Powers and Authorities thereof further enlarged, and the Acts rendered more effectual; and that the said Road from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke is Part of the Great Western Road from London leading towards Winchester, Salijlury, Exeter, and other large Towns and Places, and to the Land’s End in Cornwall, and the Second Branch of Road, by the said Acts directed to be repaired, opens a free and easy Communication between the said Great Western Road and Odibam, which is a populous Market Town, and is Part of the Public Highway leading from thence to the South End of Northwarnborough Lane, and from thence through the Village of Northwarnborough, over certain Waites called Northwarnborough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, in the Parishes of Odibam and Nately Skewers, where it communicates again with the said Great Western Road, but the Did lait described Part of the said Highway from the said Turnpike Road in Odibam

ap Geo. III. 50 Ma. 143

ham to Bartley Heath, is ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Towns of O diham and Basingstoke, and of general Utility to Travellers, if Powers were given to the Trustees appointed under the Authority of the said recited Acts, to repair and widen the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted as aforesaid by the said Acts, and for amending and making the same more effectual, and for extending the same to the amending, repairing, and improving the said Highway, hereinbefore described, leading from the West End of the said Turnpike Road in aforesaid,

to the said Great Western Road at Bartley and for

uniting and annexing the same to the other Roads by the said Acts directed to be repaired as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Jer-

voife, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

®TOghtonIo- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosng the commuted. Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Re/clved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Call, See.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

iwidPeu^on Pct*t‘on federal Trustees for putting in F.xe-cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from , near

Carlisle, to the Turnpike Road at , and from

a Place in the said Turnpike Road between Binfey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumberland, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remain* due, and which, together with the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the said Act, hath been applied in repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same be further continued, the Money owing on the Credit of the said Act cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in good Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act for Inch Term as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rowland Stephenson, Sir Henry Fletcher, &cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

taori»iii?e Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom koadi Petition the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-holders of the Counties of Stafford, and

Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th o {April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the late Market House in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to ley Green Gate, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads described in the said Act; and also, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of the said former Act; and also. Two several Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the-Market House in Stourbridge, to Colley Gate, in Cradley, in the County of Worcester, and from Colley Gate aforesaid to tlalefcwcn, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop, and several other Roads therein described, were severally read: And,

Thomas Bretti.ll, Junior, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trullees under the said several Acts have respectively proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have made considerable Progress in the Repair of the said Roads — That the Sum of 8,000 and upwards, is now d ie on the Credit of the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Terms are further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts enlarged; ,

and that it will be convenient to the Trustees, if all the Powers of the said Acts were included in One Act of Parliament.

And being further examined, he said, he knows the Road from the Sign of The Fife, at Brook,

in the Parish of Oldfwinfordto the Finger Poll: at Churchill Field Corner, in the Counties of IVcrcester and Stafford-, that the same is in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law, and that it would be of public Benefit if the same was put under the Care and Management of the said Trustees, but that no Toll is proposed to betaken thereon, nor any Money borrowed on Account thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the late Market House in Stourbridge to WordejleyGreen Gate, and to the Town

of Bromsgrove, and to the Road leading from Blakedown

Pool to The Crcfs of the Hands near Holloway Head, and to lverley Hill, and to Colley Gate, and from

thence to Halesowen, in the Counties of Worcester,

Stafford, and Salop, and for opening a more commodious Communication between the last mentioned Road and the Birmingham Turnpike Road, at owen aforesaid; and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates to the said Roads, and for amending the Road from Coalbourne Brook, through IVoil aft on, to Churchill Field Corner, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford: And that Mr. Hobart and the Lord Westcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to wfn4t's Nit. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Nathaniel Bill pi*ieiu«<i.

And the same was received; and read the Fiift lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

8 A Bill

Klopfer, Vowel, and S»lf-km'» Nat. Bill committed.

Doncaster Hoad Petition.

Wakefield and Abberford Road Bill presented.

Bill for lowering the Tonnage Duties ft NewShorehain Harbour presented.

Petition against D* Bill.

A Bill for naturalizing John Gottlieb Klopfer, John the Powers of the Paid Act, by reducing the present

William Vogel, and Henry S iff ken, was read a Second Duties thereby allowed to be collected within the said

Time. Port of New Shoreham; and that the Harbour of

Rejelved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Shoreham is at present in a ruinous Condition, and very Sir James JohnJlont^, See.: And they are to meet this inconvenient to the Shipping resorting thereto, owing

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s to the Piers and other Works, which were erected by Chamber. virtue of the said Act, having been ill constructed,

and long finCe destroyed by the Violence of the Sea,

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in which is detrimental to the Trade and Commerce of Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Four- the said Town, and its Neighbourhood; and that at teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King several Meetings of the principal Inhabitants of the George the Second, and in the Second Year of the said Town, lately held for the Purpose of considering Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road the State of the said Harbour, a considerable Majority from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston, in the agreed that Application Should be made to Parliament County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of for Power to amend the said Harbour, by erecting Chester, and also the Road from Rotherham, in the new Piers and other Works for the Preservation said County of York, to Hartclffe Hill,in the said Pa- thereof, and for supporting and keeping the same in rifli of Peniston, so far as the same relate to the said Repair, in consequence whereof a Petition wis pre-Road from Doncaster to Salter's Brook, was presented pared, and has lately been prefemed to the House, to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Pe- signed by the Petitioners, and several other of the titioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Merchants and principal Inhabitants of the said Town Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Mo- and Neighbourhood; and that in order to effect the ney on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken above Purposes, and to render the said Harbour safe on the District or Division of Road under their Care, and commodious to all Shipping resorting thereto, and which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and for keeping the same in Repair for the future, it will the said District of Road be kept in Repair, unless the be absolutely necessary that the present Rates and Du-Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same ties, authorized to be collected by virtue of the said relate to such District, be enlarged and amended: And Act, Should be continued: And therefore praying, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, at in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the the Bar of the House, upon the Second Reading of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Road said Bill for lowering the present Rates and Duties, and from Doncaster to Salter's Brook, in such Manner, that the same may not pass into a Law. and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the meet. Table, until the Bill for altering the Powers of an

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Consideration oftt Committee: And that they do exa- his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Piers and other Works for the Security and Improve-shall appear to them, to the House: ment of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County

And it is referred to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Dun- of Suff, and for keeping the same in Repair, be read

combe, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- & Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- upon their Petition, if they think fit. cords. , Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according said Petition, to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, upon this Day Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant in the West Riding of the County of York: And the March. same was received; and read, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Old Street

Execution»Three several Acts of Parliament, passed Road Petition. Mr. Yhomas Pelham presented to the House, accord- in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the ing to Order, a Bill for altering the Powers of an Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and

Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting jesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in Piers and other Works for the Security and Improve- the Parishes of Saint Luke and Leonard, -

ment of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the ditch,in the County of whose Names are County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Re- thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Ploufe, pair: And the same was received; and read the First and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have pro-Time. ce;*ded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time. borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be re-A Petition of several of the Commissioners appointed paid, nor the said Road, kept in proper Repair, unless in and by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-third the Term granted by the said Acts be further conti-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An nued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers thereof " Act for erecting Piers and other Works for the Se- altered and enlarged; and that it will be of public " curity and Improvement of the Harbour of New Utility if the Road leading from the Cock and Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping pie, in JVorship Street, in the Parish of Saint Leonard " the same in Repair," and of several other Persons Shoreditch, along the East Side of , to the

whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Mer- North Side of Crown Street, in the said Parishes of chants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and Saint Luke Middlesex,

Port of New Shoreham, in the County of Siffex, was being about 174 Yards in Length, was to be amended presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, and kept in proper Repair by the said Trustees, as I'hat the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that thereby a more easy and ready Communication will Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for altering be had between some Parts of the City of London and the

.Btfry and Haslingden Roads Petition,

Petition against Roxburgh Roads Bill.

the County of Middlesex: And therefore praying} That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways arid Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

'And it is referred to Mr. Thomas , Mr. Black-burne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing within the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads from the Town of Bury to the Town of,

and from thence to the Town of , and also

from the said Town of Hajlingden to the Town of ley, and from Hajlingden aforesaid to the Village of Todmorden, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, are in a ruinous State, narrow, and incommodious, and it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the same were properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Farmers, and Tenants of Lands, in the County of Roxburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an A&, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County; and Setting forth. That the Interest of the Petitioners, and a numerous Body of other Persons in the same Situation, in the County of Roxburgh, adhering to the Petitioners, will be materially affected and injured by several Parts of the said Bill, if passed into a Law, it being thereby proposed to grant Powers to the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads, and their Officers and Collectors, to estimate Damages, and to punish Defaulters, in a Manner arbitrary and unprecedented, the proper and reasonable Exemptions from the Payment of Tolls not being provided for, extraordinary Powers for the Suppression of Roads and erecting of Toll Bars granted to the Trustees, exclu-five and final Jurisdiction given to those Trustees in their Character of Justices of the Peace, the Farmers having no Interference in the raising and Management of the Money proposed to be raised in Conversion of the Statute Labour, though the far greater Part is proposed to be levied from them, and no Part laid upon the Landlord where there is a Tenant; and that the said Bill is in several other Respects injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may "be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioners, and Vol. XLIV.

to give them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir James Johnstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Road frorri the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, " to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and’ had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

William Clark Woodbine, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed £. 2,000 upon the Credit of the Tolls, which has been applied according to the Directions of the said Act — That great Progress has been made in amending the Road, but the Tolls granted by the said Act have been found insufficient for repairing the Roads, and paying the Interest of the Money borrowed — That the Term of the Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, unless the Term of the Act is further continued, and some of the Tolls increased. And the Witness added. That further Powers are necessary for effectually repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir James Johnstone and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages and Lands in the Liberties of Marston upon Dove, Hatton, Hoon, and Hoon Hay, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Fields, Commons, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, lying in the said Liberties, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, and allotted to the respective Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, according to their Rights and Interests therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Commons, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

P p pursuant

Barton Road Petition re-. ported.

Marston upon Dove Inclosure Petition.

ThmfrietRoad Petition reported.

Glifgow Roads Petition reported.

5° Martii. 1789.

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and b,ring i,n, rite fame.

County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicat-

ing the rewith: And that Sir Robert Laurie and Major Moore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Lands in the County of Dumfries, was referredj That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April *774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as jt appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Rpad leading from Grateney, by the Burghs of Annan apd Dumfries, and by the Bridge over the River Nith

at Dumfries, and that over the Water at Clowden, and that over the Nith at Auldgirth, towards the Burgh of Sanquhar, and by Sanquhar to the Confines of the said County of Dumfries, where it joins the County of /hr towards Muirkirk, and alfp where it joins the said County towards New Cumnock, is vpry much out of Repair; and that it would be of public Advantage if the said Road was properly amended, sundry Bridges erected thereon, and the present (Jnp of Direction air tered } bur there are not at present sufficient pqnds for thpfe Purposes.

Another Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr: And that Sir Robert Laurie and Sir James Johnstone do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the Counties of Lanark and Ayr, W3s referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the a$th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with;'and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Honourable Keith Stewart being examined, said, That the Road leading from the City of by the

Kirktown of Kilbride, and the Town of Stratbaven, all in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and the Road communicating with that leading from the Town of , in the said County of Lanark, to the Confines of the said County, at or near to Kirkland Bridge, and from thence by Eaglesham, in the County of Renfrew, to Kingswell, in the County of Ayr, are in bad Repair, inconvc-n ient for Travellers, and dangerous for Carriages, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the Road from the City of

Glasgow,in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards , in the

A Petition of the Trustees for repairing the High Edinburgh Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and Heritors of Pet‘" the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and the remaining Trustees for the said Roads, and Heritors of the said. County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That by several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth a.nd Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Tolls and Powers were granted to the Trustees therein named, to enable them to repair and amend the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and by the said Three Acts of Parliament, and another Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, they were authorized to borrow certain Sums upon the Credit of the Tolls, for repairing the said High Roads} and that the High Roads in the said County still remain in such a Situation that they cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and further Tolls and Powers are granted to the Trustees: And therefore praying,.

Jhat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill' for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said.

Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, and of the Fourth and Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queens ferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them,' to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dundas, Mr. Dempster,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Petition for unto subscribed. Owners of Lands in the County of »<Mmon*l Dumfries, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House, for Road Bill, more effectually making and repairing the Road leading from the Village of Grateney, in the County of Dumfries, by the Burghs of Annan and Dumfries, and by the Bridge over the River Nith, at Dumfries, and that over the Water of Clowden, and that over the Nith at Auldgirth, towards the Burgh of Sanquhar, and by Sanquhar to the Confines of the said County of Dumfries, where it joins the County of Ayr, towards New Cumnock, and also where it joins the said County towards Muirkirk} and that the Road in the said County of Dumfries, which branches off from that described in the said Bill, at a Place called Corfenarget, and leads from thence to IVanlockhead,ought likewise to be made and repaired, and it would be proper that the same should be included in the Bill brought in as above mentioned:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from Corfenarget to Wanlock-head, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof i and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dempster, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning,

Geo. III.

*° — i o°

Martiu

147

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Perth Road* A Petition of the Most Noble Duke of , Petition. an(j Qf the Right honourable Francis Earl of Moray, the Right honourable the Earl of , and the

Right honourable Lord Kinnaird, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Heritors and Proprietors of Ground within the County of , was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth, That the following Roads in the said County; viz. the Road leading from Perth towards , by and

Blackford,to Green loaning, the Road from Perth to

Crieff on the North Side of the , the Road from the Confines of the County of near

Blaimgone, through G and from thence to

Mutbill, and also to the Bridge of and from

thence by the Bridge of to the said Road from

Perth to Crieff, and from the Bridge of Kinkell, by the Abbey Bridge, to the said Road, the Road from Dunning towards Blaimgone, till it joins the last mentioned Road near to Muckart, the Road from New Miln Bridge to the Confines of the County of Clackmannan, near Kilbagit, the Road from Perth, by Scone, to the Boat of Kinclaven, the Road from Perth towards Dundee,by Incbfture, to the Confines of the County of Perth, the Road from the Pow or Harbour of Erroll, by the Town of Erroll, till it joins the last mentioned Road at or near the Bridge of Inchconnens, as shall be judged most expedient for the Public, the Road from the Harbour of Pol-gavie, till it joins the said Road at Incbfture, the Road from Perth towards Glammis, by as far as the fame lies within the County of Perth, are in bad Repair, and in several Places in a ruinous Condition, and during bad Weather are in many Parts impafiable for Carriages, and the said Roads and Bridges cannot be diffidently repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force} and that by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, fridges, and Ferries, in the County of certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Persons therein mentioned, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in the said County, who have proceeded in the Execution thereof, but it would greatly tend to the better and more effectually repairing the said Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, if the said Act was properly amended and explained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, and with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Provisions, Limitations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof -, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it i9 referred to General Murray, Mr. fter, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

BonCe refoivts Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Tttrfiay.0 *° House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Committet* to Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit,

fil- notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till T Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mari is1 o° Martii;

Anno 290 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

JrfA THANIEL Wendt took the Oaths appointed, w.ndt sworn.

in otder to his Naturalization.

Mr. Neville reported from the Select Committee, Report from appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire} and also> the Petition of George Jackson, Esquire, severally complaining of ting sir w. an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Jtfiu8*Ili* Colchester, in the County of Effete, and also complaining chat the said Return was not a Return of a Member to serve in Parliament} That the said Committee . haying met on Saturday Morning lad, pursuant to their Adjournment of the preceding Day, and Sir William Toung, Baronet (One of the Members of the said Select Committee) not attending, they adjourned till Eleven of the Clock Yesterday Morning; that the said Select Committee met Yesterday, pursuant to their said Adjournment, and Sir William Toung not then attending, the said Committee made a farther Adjournment to this Morning, Eleven of the Clock, when Sir William Toung being still absent, the said Select Committee adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

And the House being informed that Sir Williatn Toung was ill, and that Mr. Winter (Apothecary) attended at the Door, who could give the House some Information respecting the present State of Sir William Toung't Health) he was called in} and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, and acquainted the House, that Sir William Toung had been taken exceedingly ill with a Fever on Friday last, find still continued unable to attend the said Select Committee.

And then he was difefted to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Excuse now made on Behalf of the said Sir William Toung, Baronet, for his Non-Attendance, be allowed} and that he have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do proceed Tomorrow Morning, pursuant to their Adjournment, notwithstanding the Absence of the said Sir William Toung, Baronet.

Sir John Eden presented to the House, according to Sunderland Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of pre nte ' his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland, near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of shieid«Pavinf the Towns of North and South Shields, in the Counties Petltl0?* of Northumberland and Durham, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Towns, and Parrs adjacent, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched', and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and some of the said Streets and other public Places are very narrow and incommodious, and unsafe for Passengers and Carriages } and that it would be of great Benefit,

Safety, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Towns and Parts adjacent, and tQ all Persons re- sorting

Congleton Road Petition*

Klopfer,

Vo^el, and Sifiken’a Nat. Bill reported.

148 10 Martii. . 1789.

sorting thereto, if the said Streets and other public Passages and Places were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein were removed and prevented in future, and if Power was given to widen or otherwise improve such of the said Streets, and other public Places, as are narrow and incommodious: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered\That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Tempejl, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the Counties of Chester and Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Lawton Street, in the Town of Congleton, through the Parish of AJlbury, in the County of CheJ-ter, to Colley Bridge, and from thence to Smithy Green, in the Parish of Prejlbury,in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that if a new Road was set out and made from Smithy Green aforesaid, over certain Commons and Waste Grounds, and also through and over several inclosed Lands, in the Townships of ley. Winkle, Sutton, and Wildboar Clough, within the said Parish of Prejlbury, to Tinkers Pitt Gutter, which divides the Counties of Chester and Derby, and from thence to join a Branch of the Turnpike Road, at a Place called Thatchmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the said County of Derby, and from Thatchmarsh Bottom aforesaid, over Stanley Moor, to join the Ashbourne Turnpike Road at a Place called

Coat Heath, near the Town of Buxton, in the said County of Derby, the same would open a Communication with certain Lime Kilns, in the said Parish of Hartington, which would be a great Benefit to the several Owners of Lands and Grounds through which such new Road is proposed to be made, and likewise to all Persons having Lands and Estates in that Part of the Country, and the said Road would be much shorter, and more convenient for all Travellers between the said Towns of Congleton and Buxton, than any of the present Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine^he Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Wilbraham 'Bootle, &cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pow$r to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Gottlieb Klopfer, John William Vogel, -and Henry S iff ken, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the

Bill to the Hotife, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the late Market House in Stourbridge, to Green Gate,

and to the Town of Bromsgrove, and to the Road leading from Blakedown Pool to The Cross of the Hands near Holloway Head, and to Iverley and to Colley Gate, and from thence to Halesowen, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, and for opening a

more commodious Communication between the last mentioned Road and the Birmingham Turnpike Road at Halesowen aforesaid; and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates to the said Roads, and for amending the Road from Coalbourne Brook, through Wollaston, to Churchill Field Corner, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render effectual an Act, of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invejied Lands, and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Nathaniel Wendt, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, io the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Thruffington, otherwise Thurjlanton, otherwise Truffmgton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -gerford, Mr. Pocbin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Henry Harpur, Baronet, Lord of the Manor, and Owner and Proprietor of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Lordship of Hemmington, in the Parish of Locking-ton, and County of Leicester, and also of several other of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor or Lordship of Hemmington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor or Lordship, several Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, containing together 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, if the same were di- vided

Stourbridge Roads Bill presented.

Ely Drainage Bill presented.

Wendt's Nat* Bill committed.

Throflington Inclosure Bill committed*

Hemmington

Inclosure

Petition*

a9 Geo. III. to°

149

vided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be giveh to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pocbin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Grooby in- A Petition of the Right honourable George Harry

ciofur* Peti- Earl of Stamford, Lord of the Manor and Ecclesiastical llon‘ Peculiar Exempt Jurisdiction of , in the County of Leicester.Impropriator, of the Impropriate Rectory of Grooby, and the Proprietor of nearly the Whole of the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties, of Grooby aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, on Behalfof themselves, and all other the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read.; Setting forth. That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof set out and allotted to and for every of them, according to their . respective Properties therein, to be held in Severalty

for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, aijd Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pocbin do prepare, and bring . in, the fame.

Petitions from A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Denb^h* thereunto subscribed, being acting Magistrates in and againtfthe for the County of Kent, was presented to the House, County Elec- and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in non* A . the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and that the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the very heavy Expences which they understand will be brought upon the said County, in case the said Act Should be carried into Execution, and beg Leave to observe, that such Expences likewise appear to be extremely oppressive and unequal, for, as they are di-rested to be paid out of the County Rates, they will fall wholly upon the Occupiers of Lands and Tenements by whom such Rates are paid, whereas the greater Part of such Occupiers are not Freeholders, and have no Right to vote at County Elections; and that the Petitioners conceive the carrying of the said Act into Execution, according to the strict Letter thereof, is scarcely practicable, that it would create much additional Trouble to the Magistrates, occasion Confusion and Delay at contested County Elections, and be productive of many Hardships and Inconveniences to the Freeholders and Land Tax Collectors of the said County, and in its Consequences abridge or destroy the Rights of the Freeholders, instead of securing them, which appears to have been the Object of the Legislature in passing the said Act: And therefore praying the ^ouse to take into Consideration the Propriety of repealing the said Act, and of providing for the Payment of the Expences already incurred in Vol.XLIV.

the part Execution of it, by some other Me*ns than out of the County Rate*.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, on the Behalf, and at the unanimous Request, of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Denbigh, assembled at the County Hall in Denbigh, on Monday the 23d Day of February 1789, pursuant to an Advertisement for that Purpose, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act will be attended with the greatest Inconveniences to the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Denbigh, if the same is carried into Execution: And therefore praying the House to repeal the said Act, or otherwise to grant such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Bromley Road whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for car- Petition re-rying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the p0"e<1' Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars in the Turnpike Road leading from 'Tun

to Maresfield, in the County of Sussex, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, -to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Horton, Clerk to the Trustees, being

examined, said. That the Sum of £.4,020 has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected by the said Act, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the Act be enlarged.

Mr. James Collis being examined^ said, That the Road might be considerably improved, and a very steep Hill avoided, if the Trustees were empowered to change the Course of such Parts thereof as they may judge necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnbo-. rough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars in the '

Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr.

Marsham, Mr. Honywood, and Lord Frederick Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

A Petition of the Rector and Churchwardens of the saint James Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; *>et?wn.r*Un Setting forth, That, from the great Increase of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, the present Cemetery or Burial Ground is become too small, and there is not any proper Place within the said Parish that can be appropriated for that Purpose; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if a proper Piece of Ground was provided, in a convenient Situation, in some near or adjoining Parish, to be made Use of as a Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish of Saint James, and a Chapel erected for performing the Burial Service therein; and the Petitioners apprehend, it may be

Q^q found

*50

io* MartiL A. 1789.

found expedient to have the constant Attendance of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead, in which same it will be necessary to crest a proper House for his Residence at or near the said Burial Ground: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner as the House shal) think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Archibald Lord

Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, irt the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Per-'fons, Papers, and Records.

Willis'* Name Mr. ‘Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to Bill rtjiorttd. whom the Bill to enable Ralph Willis., Esquire (lately called Ralph Earle) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname,. and bear the Arms, of Willis only, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Esquire,

dccealed, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the-Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Birtiop'* A Petition of George Bishop, of Maidstone, Distiller, Pennon. was presentcj to (he House, and read} Setting forth. That the Petitioner hath, at a very great Expence, established at Maidstone, in Kent, a Manufactory for the 'making of Geneva of the same Sort and Quality as that made in Holland, and the Process by which his Geneva is made being different from that of making other British Spirits, the Petitioner hath from Tjmeto Time been indulged by Act of Parliament with particular Exemptions from the general Rules and Regulations of the Excise Laws, to enable him to carry on the said Manufactory; and that the Petitioner hath lately been at very considerable Expence in procuring and establishing Connections in various Parts of Great Britain, for the Purpose of rendering the Use of his Geneva more general and extensive, whereby the smuggling of Foreign Geneva hath been, and will continue to be, further discouraged and prevented, and the Revenue of Excise much increased: And that the Necessity and Expediency of the Petitioner being permitted to carry on his Manufactory as he has hitherto done, being, as he conceives, fully evinced, and the Distillery and Utensils he hath erected and provided at a very great Expence, being unfit for any other Purpose whatever, therefore praying. That he may not be constrained to carry on his Trade under the manifest Discouragement of a temporary Exemption from the general Excise Laws, but that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make such Exemption perpetual, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

n il to amend Sir Cecil Bifsbopp presented to the House, according si'-omT to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Ha.bJr Aa an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign pitiented. of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Im-« provement of the Harbour of New Sborebam, in the " County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Re- pairAnd the same was received} and read the First Time.

Rejdvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are HaftingPaving the reunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hajling, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish, are very ill paved and cleansed, and much obstructed by Encroachments and Projections, and annoyed by Spouts, Gutters, and ocher Nuisances, and the public Highways within the said Parish are very badly repaired and amended, to the great Inconvenience of the Inhabitants, and of all Persons resorting to the said Town and Port} and that, if proper Powers were given for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving and regulating the said Streets and Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and also for the better repairing and amending the said public Highways, it would tend much to the Advantage and Accommodation of the said Parish, and of all Persons resorting to the said Town and Port: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Stanley, Mr. Marsham,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Southwouid Town of Southwouid, in the County of Suffolk, in their Pc"* Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That there ha$ been, for Time immemorial, a Sea Port, or Haven for Shipping, at Southwouid, which is situated very conveniently for the Safeguard and Preservation of Ships navigating in the British Seas, and also for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandize, and such Harbour is of great Benefit and Advantage to the said Town of Southwouid, and to Trade and Commerce in general } and that the said Haven is liable to be greatly obstructed by Sands thrown up by the Sea, and is defended by Piers erected for that Purpose, otherwise the Benefit arising from the said Haven would be wholly loft} and that the Charge of supporting and maintaining the said Piers, and of opening, cleansing, and improving the said Haven, being very great, an Act was made, in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the said Haven, and another Act was made in the Thirtieth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term of the said former Act, and amending and altering several Powers therein, which Term will expire at the End of the next Session of Parilament after the 15th Day of March 1789, and it is necessary that the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act should be enlarged, and some Alterations and Additions made thereto: And therefore praying. That Leave"may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the said Term, and amending and altering several Powers, granted by the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to M r.'DudleyNorth, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

8 A Petition

r

29 Geo. III.

io° Marlit.

IS*

I I

S^tithwould Iseven Petition*

Dumfrif* Hoad Bill prrlcnted.

Glas^ow Koaus Bill presented.

Essex Shire House Bill committed*

Chelmsford Paving Pcti» lion.

A Pecition of several Trustees for putting in Ex- were properly paved, and If the fame, together with ecution an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the the said Streets, public Passages, and Places, were Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for properly cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated: opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Haven of Southwould, in the County of Suffolk, and bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in also an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of his said such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the

an Act made in Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term of the said former Act, and amending and altering several Powers therein, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have not been able, under the Provisions of the said Acts, effectually to answer the Purposes thereby intended, and the said Haven cannot be kept open and preserved without

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Gascoyne,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

supporring and maintaining the Piers erected for that Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and

Purpose, the unavoidable Charge whereof, and of cleansing and improving the said Haven, is very considerable j and that the Trustees, in pursuance of the said Acts, have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, and the Principal Sum of £.1,912. 10 together with fot'ne Interest thereof, now remains due; and that the Term granted by the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign will expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament after the 25th Day of March 1789, and it is necessary the said Term IhouIJ be enlarged, and fume Alterations and Additions made to the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the said Term, and amending and altering fev.-ral Powers granted by the said Acts.

<Jrdcred, That the said Petition be referred to the Ccaisideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine th e Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it fll all appear to them, to the House.

Sir Robert Laurie presented to the House, accord-in g to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several principal Inhabitants of the Leeds Water, Town of Leeds, in the County of , was presented ht" 8

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is not at present a necessary and regular Supply of Water within the said Town for the Use of the Inhabitants, but that a sufficient and confiant Supply of good and wholesome Water may be obtained by a Regulation and Improvement of the Water Works that at present supply the Town, but the same will be attended with a considerable Expence j and that by an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Power is given to light and cleanse the Streets and other public Places within the said Town, and to remove and prevent certain Nuisances and Annoyances therein; but the said Streets and Places are subject to various other Nuisances, and also to several Encroachments and Obfiruftions, which the Provisions of the said Act are not sufficient for removing and preventing, and there are several Streets and other Places within and near to the said Town to which the said Act doth not extend, and which are not pro-

R< >ad from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and San- perly lighted, and are subject to divers Nuisances, An-

ya bar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of

tin i County of Ayr :And the same was received j am i read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

I iir Robert Laurie presented to the House, according to 1 Order, a Bill for making and repairing the Road froi tj the City of Glasgow, in the County of to . Muirkirk, in the County of , and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards San qubar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads

con imunicating the rewith: And the same was re-

U #

Celt 'ed j and read the First Time.

h \efolved.That the Bill be read a Second Time.

noyances. Encroachments, and Obfiruftions; and that the supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with a sufficient Quantity

of good and wholesome Water, and

removing

and

A . Bill for building a new Shire House for the Cot intv of Essex, was read a Second Time.

f lefolved. That the Bill be committed to Mr. -Jfon- , Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Act ernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Ch? imber.

preventing all Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obfiruftions within the several Streets and other Places before mentioned, and lighting such of the said Streets and other Places as are not within the Limits of the said Act, will be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to the said Town and Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned,"111 such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Dun-

combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber {

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of

/ V. Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thei eunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Town of Che. Imsford and Hamlet of Moulfham, in the Parish of Che.Imsford, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Footway s of the several Streets, public Passages, and PI a ces, within the said Town and Hamlet, are very Richard, in the County of the City of on

ill ] laved, and the said Streets, public Passages, and Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Propri-Pl* ;es, are not sufficiently lighted, cleansed, or etors as aforesaid, was presented to the House, and waa :hed, and are much incommoded by Nuisances, An- read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said noy; tnces, and Encroachments; and that it would tend Parish, certain Common Open Fields, consisting of grea tly to the Safety, Accommodation, and Conveni- Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Land, which, in their enct tof the Inhabitants of the said Town and Hamlet, present State, are incapable of any considerable Inland of all Persons resorting thereto, if the Footways provement, but would be much increased irt Value by with in the said Streets, public Passages, and Places, a Division and Inclosure thereof: And therefore

praying,

A fleam Rich* ard Inclosurc Petition.

1

Krarrfbo-ruugli Fore ft Pciitiou.

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. (I ilberforce and Mr. D do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or entitled to certain Rights and Privileges, within the District called The Forest of Knarefioroug in the County of

York, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Lands, Rights, and Privileges, in the said District, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue of Two Acts, of the Tenth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, upwards of ao,coo Acres of Waste Land have been, by certain Commissioners thereby appointed, allotted to the Petitioners and divers other Persons entitled thereto, within the aforesaid District, and great Parts thereof have been inclosed and improved, at a great Expence j and that, by the Provisions contained in the said Acts, or One of them, the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said District, were empowered, at any Time before the- Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners, thereby directed to be made and executed by them, to exchange, in the Manner therein mentioned, all or any of their Allotments of the said Wastes, Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, so that the same were made with the Consent of the said Commissioners, and declared by their said Award, and the Owners of all such Allotments, being Tenants for Life, or Tenants in Tail, were empowered to borrow, and charge upon their respective Allotments, in the Manner therein mentioned, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Fifty Shillings an Acre, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, should direct, to enable them to pay and discharge their Proportion of the Expences of obtaining and executing the said Acts, and the Charges of inclosing the fame, and of erecting Buildings thereon, such Tenants keeping down all Intcrell of the Monies so borrowed or charged as aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners, having made and executed their said General Award before it could be known what Exchanges the said Owners and Proprietors might be desirous of making, divers of the Petitioners, and other Owners of Allotments, who were and ftiil are desirous of making such Exchanges, have loft the Opportunity of so doing, and are unable to effect the fame, unless the Power of making such Exchanges be renewed and enlarged, and, by Reason that not less than Three of the said Commissioners were empowered to do any Ad, and their Number being by Death reduced to Two, several of the Petitioners, and other Tenants for Life, or in Tail, are unable, to their great Loss, to charge the Expences they have been put unto in obtaining and executing the said Acts, or such further Charges as are necessary for the fencing and building upon their Allotments, pot exceeding Fifty Shillings an Acre, for Want of a proper Number of Commissioners to authorize and direct the fame; and that, by the said Acts, or One of them, Provision was made for the Protection of the Springs and Medicinal Waters, called Harrogate Spa, arising in the Wastes of the said District, and for leaving open, as a Place of Excrcife and Recreation for the Nobility and Gentry resorting to Harrogate for the Benefit of the said Wracers, a certain Portion of the Waste, containing 200 Acres, extending from the Hotels or Inns in Higher Harrogate to the said Springs, but, for Want of effectual Provision being made by the said Acts, the said Portion of Waste hath hitherto continued in

its original wild State, and cannot be levelled, drained, and improved, to answer the salutary Intentions of the said Acts, unless further Provisions are made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Cne or more new Commissioner or Commissioners, who, with the Two surviving Commissioners named in the said former Acts, may, for a limited Time, be authorized to confirm and establish such Exchanges as have been agreed upon, or shall be made, by and between any of the Owners or Proprietors of L&nds and Tenements in the said District, or of any of the Wastes contiguous thereto, where the same may be found expedient for the convenient Inclosure and Occupation of any Wastes on the Outborders of the said Districts, and to enable Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Tail, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to raise and charge upon their Allotments such Sum or Sums as by the said former Acts, or either of them, they might have raised or charged, if all the said former Commissioners were now living, and to empower the said Commissioners, under proper Restrictions, to give such Directions, and to make such Rules and Orders, for the Draining, Levelling, Improvement, and Depasturage of the said Portion of 200 Acres, as may render the same a safe and proper Place of Exercise and Recreation to those Persons who resort to Harrogate (or the Benefit of the said Waters, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a 11/11, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilber force and Mr. Duncombt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names aire thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting in Execution the Acts passed for repairing the Piers of Bridlington, alias Bu, in the East Rid-

ing of the County of Yorkwas presented to t'he House, and read; Setting forth. That several Affts of Parliament were passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of King William the Third, the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, whereby certain Duties, Taxes, and Powers, were granted and continued, for the Purpose of re-building, repairing, and amending, the said Piers, which Acts have Continuance only until the Year 1791 } and that the said Piers, as well as the Harbour, have, by virtue of the said Acts, and ac a very great Expence, been enlarged and improved, but the Piers, being built of Timber, are subject to a considerable Annual Expence, and are liable to Hidden and great Damage by the Violence of the Sea? and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Piers and Harbour are capable of being further improved, and made more extensively useful, by lengthening the Piers, and performing other Works in and about the Harbour, but the same cannot be done, nor the present Works supported and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said recited Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Acts, and for further improving the said Piers and Harbour.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber ;*nd have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Bridlington Harbour FcU lion*

19 Geo. III.

Cold Kirk by A Petition of Charles Esquire,

incMure Lord of the Manor of Cold in the North Rid-

cuoon, ing Qf tfjC County of York, on Behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of and Persons interested in Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Cold Kirkby aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, fereral Common Open Fields, confiding of Arable and Meadow Land, also a certain Stinted Pasture, and Jikewife certain Commons, and other Commonable and Waste Lands; and that, the said Lands being in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement, the Petitioner, and certain other Proprietors, and Perforts intcreded therein, are desirous that the said Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and also certain Parts of the said Commons, and other Commonable Lands, Should be divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Open Fields, Stinted Padure, and also certain Parts of the said Commons, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilber force and Mr, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Saint George, A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and

Hinorer Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover

&c!'p«tiion>.r* Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, assembled in Vestry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Laws now in being for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish, and for the good Ordering and Management of the Affairs of the said Parish, are found, in many Respects, defective and inconvenient, and inadequate to the Purposes thereby intended, and the same cannot be effectually carried into Execution, and the Business of the Parish properly managed, unless some further Powers are given for those Purposes, and the Petitioners apprehend it would be of Benefit to the Parishioners, if the said several Laws were repealed, and if the Powers and Authorities for carrying into Execution the several Purposes intended by the said Laws were comprized in One Act of Parliament; and that there is a certain Piece of Ground behind the Workhouse lately erected in Mount Street, which is made use of as a Common Burial Ground, and it would be a great Convenience and Benefit to the poor Persons in the said Workhouse if the said Piece of Ground was discontinued to be tifed as a Common Burial Ground, and was appropriated for an Area or Yard to the said Workhouse, and no material Inconvenience would arise to the Inhabitants thereby, as a convenient Piece of Ground has been lately purchased, and is now made use of as a Common Burial Ground for the said Parish; and that the Petitioners caused thi' said Workhouse to be erected in Mount Street, and also a Watch House adjoining thereto, and have also caused proper Rooms and Offices to be erected and fitted up for transacting the Business of the Parish, and for the safe keeping of the several Books and Papers belonging to the said Parish, and, in order to enable the Petitioners to lay the several Parochial Rates with the greater Equality, they caused a Survey and Valuation to be made of the Houses and other Property within the said Parish, and caused the Expences, incurred on Account of the several Works and Matters aforesaid, to be paid out of the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor, and Doubts have arisen whether they were strictly authorized so to do, but, as the several Pur-V01.. XLIV.

*53

poses for which such Money was paid were manifefUy for the general Benefit and Advantage of the Parishioners, the Petitioners hope they shall be allowed such Payment in their Account with the Parish, or that they shall be authorized to raise Money by a separate Rate upon the Parishioners, or in such other Manner as shall be judged expedient for re-imburGng the Money so paid as aforesaid t And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hunt, Mr. Mainwaring,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Weinfafer under written, on Behalf of themselves and others. Society Pcti-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ,0"*

That the Petitioners are desirous of establishing a Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives, which they conceive will be of great Use to the Commercial Part of His Majesty’s Subjects, and to the Public in general, the said Society to be named The Westminster Society, for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing the said intended Society.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Brett,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to' fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are Pontefmft thereunto subscribed, being Parishioners and Inha- t^sch P*tl* bitants of the Town and Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Pontefra£l, Ci\\ed All Saints, or HllHallows, was several Years ago so much damaged as to be rendered unfit for the Performance of Divine Service therein, and the said Church hath since been gradually going to Decay, and is now in a State of absolute Ruin; and that there is, within the said Town, an ancient Parochial Chapel, called Saint Giles's Cha~ pel, wherein Divine Service hath been performed ever since the said Parish Church became unfit for that Purpose, and all Church Assessments have, till of late Years, been paid by the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of the several Villages and other Places within the said Parish, towards the Support of the said Chape], in the same Manner as they were heretofore accustomed to be paid in respect of the said,

Parish Church, but Disputes and Doubts have lately arisen how far the Parishioners are liable to contribute to the Repair and Support of the said ChapeJ of Giles, the same not being the Parish Church; and that it would cost several Thousand Pounds to re-build or repair the said Parish Church, so as to render thtf same fit and proper for the Performance of Divine Service, which the Parishioners (moll of them being Tenants at Rack Rents) are unable to pay, whereas the said Chapel of Saint Giles might, at a very moderate Expence, be made sufficicmly commodious and fit for the Reception of all the Parishioners:

R r And

i o° Martii.

Coni ft on Inclosurc Petition.

Doncaster Road Petition repo* ud.

I54 10° Martiu 1780.

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for constituting the said Chapel of biles the Parish Church, with all the Rights ancf Privileges which heretofore belonged or appertained to the said Parish Church of All Saints, or All Hallows, In such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred- to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William IVII Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in ness, in the East Riding of the County of and

Owner of Seventeen Oxgangs of Land, with the Appurtenances, lying within the Open Arable Fields within the said Township, Elizabeth Wilberforce, Widow, Owner of the Great and Small Tythes within the said Township, and of Robert Burton, Esquire, Henry Rains, Gentleman, and others, Owners of the Residue of the said Open Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Township of Coniston, certain Open Arable or Tillage Fields, called the North and South Fields, with several large Pieces of Meadow Ground, or Balks, lying contiguous to the same Fields, and containing together, by Estimation, 500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Open Fields lie so intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so ftuated, as to render the Cultivation thereof inconvenient and expensive, and in their present State are capable of no considerable Improvement, but, if the same were properly divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, it would be to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the Public; and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pailures, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Coniston aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Joint Smyth and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

- A* *

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of '

in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester, and also the Road from Rotherham, In the said County of York,to Ilartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Peniston, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Doncaster to Salter s Brook, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; anil that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Bent, Clerk and Treasurer under the said

Acts, being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, for the Purpose of repairing the District of Road from Doncaster to Salter's Brook; which Money now remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said District of Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so fa as relates thereto, be enlarged and amended.

And the Witness added. That it will be necessary to increase the present Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given so bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of in

the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Jacob Earl of Radnor, Owner of an Estate in the Precinct of White Fryers, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the laying out and making a commodious Street for Carriages and Passengers, from or near a House in the Occupation of Hanmer, Mans

Mercer, in Fleet Street, in the said City, to a certain Street, called Yemple Street, leading to the Inner Yemple, and likewise another Street or Open Passage, from the said new Street, in or towards a certain Street, called Water Lane, would be of great Convenience to the Society of the Inner Yemple, and to the Public in general, and a considerable Improvement of the Estate of the' Petitioner within the said Precinct; and that the Petitioner is willing to defray the Expence of laying out and making such Street and Openings as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in, a Bill for the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cdriflderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as It shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is deferred to Mr. Bouverie, Mr. See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition' of Anthony Demezy was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring In a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.1 ^Medley and Mr.' Ewer do prepare, and bring in, the fame. , ’ / ,

A Petition of she Persons thereto subscribi.ng, Trustees appointed by Acts of the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making and repairing the Roads leading through the County of Renfrew, or Heritors of Lands in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, aind by an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said former Act, and by another Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Two Acts, and for repairing several other Roads leading into the said City., certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making and repairing the Roads therein described, particularly the Line of Road leading from x the

Petition for making Streets from Fleet Street to Temple Street and Water Lane*

Demery’s Nat*

Petition.

Renfrew Roads Petition*

ap Geo. III. 10° Martii.

*55

the Village of Gorbals to Floak Bridge, by and

Cathcart, and from Catbcart to the Kirk of and from the said Village of Gorbals to Easter Grange by Marchtown, Pollokfsazvs, and and from

Pollokfjaws to the Kirk of and leading from the "Three Mile House to by Pais.ey and

uarrelton, and the Road brandling out of the same and leading to Johnson Bridge, and also the Road leading from Renfrew to Cm nock by and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and also the Road leading from to

by Eafwood Kirk and Pollokto and also the Road

leading from Williamwccdto Eaglefbame Kirk, and also the Road leading from Renfrew to Paisley, and also the Road leading from to llouflon, and

also the Road leading from Bridge by Kil-

barcban to Port G.'afgow, and for building a Bridge

cross the River of lnehinan; and that a large Sum of Money has been borrowed in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Acts, and great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, but it will be impossible to pay off the Debts already contracted, or to uphold the said Roads in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts shall be prolonged and enlarged; and that in lbinc Cafes Doubts have arisen concerning the Interpretation of certain Clauses in some former Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways, and particularly with regard to the Persons who are chargeable towards repairing the fame, and as it is attended with much Difficulty and Trouble to make effectual, and properly apply, the Statute Work in the County of Renfrew, and is found very inconvenient for the Persons liable in Statute Work to be taken away from their usual Employments to work on the Highways, it will be a considerable Ease to the Subject, and a real Advantage to the County, to ascertain with Precision the Persons who are liable in Statute Work, and to convert the same into Money; and that it will be it further Advantage to the County of Renfrew to allow His Majesty’s Commissioners of Supply to assess the Shire of Renfrew in an additional Sum of Money to what is allowed to be assessed by the present Banding Acts for building and repairing Bridges, and the Passages at Public Ferries, the present Assessment having been found to be too small for answering these beneficial Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, prolonging, enlarging, and extending the Term and Powers of the aforesaid Acts, in so far only as respects the Line of Road leading from the Village of Gorbals to Floak Bridge by Corf All and Catbcart, and from Catbcart to the Kirk of Carmiinnock, and from the said Village of

Gorbals to Easier Grange, by Marcbton, Pollokfhaws, and Neilfon, and from Pollckjhawto the Kirk of

wood, and leading from the Three Alile House to bridge by Paifey and Shiarrelton, and the Road branching out of the fame, and leading to Bridge,

and also the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock by Ccrjbill, and by the Side of the River Clyde and by Port Glasgow, and also the Road leading from Pollok-fjaws to Driffenbeg by Eafwood Kirk and Polloktown, and also the Road leading from Williamwood to -Shame Kirk, and also the Road leading from Renfrew to Paifey, and also the Road leading from lnehinan to

Iloufon, and also the Road leading from Johnson Bridge by Kilbarcban to Port Glasgow, and the said Bridge of lnehinan, for ascertaining the Statute Work of the County of Renfrew, and for converting the same into Money, and for an additional Assessment for building and repairing Bridges, and the Passages at Public Ferries, within the said County.

Ordered, Thac the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw Stewart, Sir Adam Fergujfon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Exe- Wanstead cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty- ^t^chI>e* seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-building the Church of the Parish of other-

wife IPanfead, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the said Act the Petitioners are empowered to make Rates upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, for railing any Sum of Money, not exceeding £.3,000, by granting Annuities for the Lives of such Persons as Should be nominated by the Purchasers thereof; and that the Sum of £.3,000 will not be sufficient to defray the Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution, but, if Power was given to grant Annuities, with Benefit of Sur-vivorship, or in such other Manner as may be found expedient, a sufficient Sum might be raised without making any additional Rates upon the Inhabitants; and that the Petitioners apprehend it is proper that some of the Vaults, made under the new Church now erecting by virtue of the said Act, Should be fold, and the Money arising thereby applied for the Benefit of the Parishioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Tylney Long, Mr.

Call, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names arc Berwick St. thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, or Persons inte-relied in, the Open and Common Fields, and other gerinciofure Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Petition. Berwick Saint James, and Fifjerton Anger, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, that the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are now divided into several small Parcels, intermixed with each other, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing such Clauses, and under and subject to such Regulations and Orders, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac Sir James Tylney Long, Mr. Goddard, and Mr. rie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Mailing the reunto subscribed, Trustees for executing an Act, Heath Roads passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present etIt‘on' Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on Eaf Alai ling Heath to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four kVents

near

near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Roads, in doing which a large Sum has been contrafted, which remains undischarged, together with a great Arrear of Inrereft thereon; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the said Debt be paid off*, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof amended and enlarged i and that, by the Provisions of the said Act, the Roads are divided into Two separat6 and distinct Districts, which being attended with Inconvenience and unnecessary Expence, the Petitioners conceive it will be advantageous for the Public, and beneficial to the Creditors under the said Act, to have the said Districts consolidated: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Honywood, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Robcrn* A Petition of Arthur Roberts, of Fulbam, in

NauuPetition. tj,e County of Middlesex, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Uncle, John Powell, late of Fulham aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date the 8th Day of 1775,

gave and devised all- and every his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to Trustees therein named, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, upon certain Trusts therein expressed and declared of and concerning that Term, and subject thereto, to the Petitioner (by the Name and Description of his, the said Testator’s, eldest Nephew, Arthur Antiejley Roberts, Son of Mr. William Roberts and Elizabeth his Wife, the Testator’s Sifter) and his Assigns, for his Life, with Remainder to Trustees therein named, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the first and other Sons of the Petitioner successively, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over, and declared his Will to be, that each and every of his said Devisees, and the Heirs of their Body and Bodies respectively, as they should severally become entitled to and be in Possession of the said Premisses, under the Limitations aforesaid, Should take and use the Surname and Arms of Powell, and no other Surname whatsoever, and should apply for and endeavour to obtain an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and he declared that the Trustees of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years should apply the Kents and Profits of the said Premilfes, during the Petitioner’s Nonage, in Manner therein mentioned; and that the said John Powell departed this Life in or about the Month of May 1783, the Petitioner being then an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and that the Petitioner attained his Age of Twenty-one Years in the Month of April now last past, and thereupon became entitled in Possession to the said Manors, and other Hereditaments by the said Will devised, subject to the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, and the Trusts thereof then remaining to be performed, and was afterwards let into Possession thereof accordingly, and that the Petitioner is deftrous of complying with the Directions of the said Will: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear the Surname and

Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell,

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ewer and Mr. Pye do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Templeman, Esquire, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto ure on' subscribed. Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Putton, alias in the Village or Tything of Easton, in the Parish of Chickerill,alias West Chickerill, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are now divided into several small Parcels, intermixed with each other, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing such Clauses, and under and subject to such Regulations and Orders, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ewer and Mr. Pye do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Governor and Company for Petition of the smelting down Lead with Pit Coal and Sea Coal, was Governor *nd presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, iwM.7tlngy That their late Majesties King William and Queen Lead.

Mary did, by Charter, bearing Date the 4th Day of October, in the Fourth Year of their Reign, incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Style and Title of The Governor and Company for smelting down Lead with Pit Coal and Sea Coal, and by a Clause in the said Charter it is provided, that no Person shall have any Interest in, or be admitted into, the said Company, until he hath first taken, in open Court, before the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company, the Oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of the said King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths " of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other " Oaths j" and that the Purchasers and Holders of Shares in the said Undertaking being obliged, by virtue of the said Clause in their Charter, to take the Oaths above mentioned, has been found productive of great Inconvenience to such Purchasers and Holders, and of considerable Detriment to the Company:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dispensing with so much of the said Charter as relates to the Purchasers and Holders of Shares in the said Undertaking being obliged to take the said Oaths, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

and

Abingdon Road Petition.

Denton Inclosure Petition*

GolfordGreen Roads Petition reported.

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Mayor's Stone, in in the County of

Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient Horse Road at

Swinford, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Progress hath been made in amending the said Road, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which still remains duo, with a very large Arrear of Interest; and that the said Debt cannot be paid, nor the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and some further Toll granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pye, Mr. Powney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chafhber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William W Esquire, and of several other Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Denton,in the County of Lincoln, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, and their Property therein is dispersed and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, if the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, were divided into specific Allotments to the Owners thereof, and others interested therein, according to their respective Interests, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at in

the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from the Green near Benenden

Church to The Bull Inn at Cro/s, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read j and it as followeth; viz.

Yol. XLIV.

To prove the Allegatioris of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Ward being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, of which the Sum of 1,50c! now remains due, which cannot be re^paid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued; And the Witness further added. That' it is proposed to Ihut up Two small Lanes, One of them leading from Tottenham Cro/s to the Ferry, in the

Occupation of John Oxley, at a Place called The in Benenden, and the other, called Crabtree leading from the said Road near Turk's Head Gate, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, into the Highway leading from Benenden Church to Critbole, in order to prevent the evading the Tolls, and that the (hutting up the same will be of no Inconvenience to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke,- to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurjand from the Green near Benenden Church to The Bull Inn at Rolvendeit Cro/s, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the Ninth if ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a coh-siderable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kepfcin good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made therein; and that a certain Road, branching out of the above mentioned Turnpike Road near a Public House called The Blue Hand, opposite Lleweny Park, and extending from thence across Part of Denbigh Green to a Turnpike Gate called Pen y Palmant , erected across the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Saint in

the County of Flint,is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore pray- ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the above-mentioned Act, and for including therein the said Road, leading from The Blue Hand to Pen y Palmant Gate, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Ewet, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an

S f Act,

Denbigh Road* Pet}* tionw

Whitby PSHr*

ing Peiipoa.

Manchcfh r bijuarc Hill »c^>oited.

H irrton Indo-luic 1’iiiliun.

158 10° Martii 1789.

Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, " and Public Passages, within the Town of " in the County of York, and for preventing Incroachments and Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters " there," on Behalf of theml'elves and other the Inhabitants of the said Town of , was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed, upon the Credit of the Rates thereby granted, the Sum of £.600, which has been laid out in paving and repairing the said Streets, and dill remains unpaid, together with an Arrear of Interest, and several other Sums of Money are owing for Works performed under the said Act; and that the Money, authorized by the said Act to be raised on the Inhabitants, is by no Means adequate to the necessary Expence of executing the several Purposes above mentioned, and it would tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, were more properly and regularly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and also watched and kept from Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that it is necessary that Powers Should be granted to widen some of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and to make more commodious some of the Turnings from one to another, and that a more convenient Approach to the Bridge, over the River EJk, should be made by removing certain Houses and other Buildings, which now render the Passage to and from the said Bridge dangerous: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for the further better paving, repairing* and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Public Passages, within the said Town of or lighting

and watching the fame, and for preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein, in such Manner, and under such Powers, Regulations, and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mu!graze, Mr. berforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Grevil'ereported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for the Improvement of Square, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second-Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agteed to by the 1 Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, on Behalf of themselves and all others. Owners of Lands and ElHtes in the Parish of in the County of Leicelcr,was presented to the House, and read; Sett.ng forth. That there are,

within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several small Old Inclosures and Waste Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners lying intermixed and dispersed are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to all Parties interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pocbin do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of divers of the Inhabitants of, and Persons interested in, the several Townships of Heap, Heywood, Hop-wood, Whittle, Middleton, Little,

Great Heaton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Road from aforesaid, to a certain Place in Heaton, called Land’s End, leading from Heywood aforesaid, towards the Market Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, is, by reason of the great Increase in the Number of Carriages travelling thereon, become very ruinous, deep, and in great Decay, and cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, by the Statute Duty and Contributions of the Inhabitants, required by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Turnpike Road from a certain Place called Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, and Parish of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, to the Land’s End, in Heaton, in the Parish of in

the said County, through Birch and Bow Lee, in the Parish of Middleton, and County aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Rolle, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. V.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed or elected for putting in Execution the Powers of Three Acts of Parliament, made in the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late’ Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Colejhill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of Licbfield, and the Town of to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Licbfield, and also the Road leading from Te-wnall’s Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Progrels in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, which still remain due, and the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said former Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that the Petitioners conceive it might be of Use and Convenience, if the Powers of the said former Acts were reduced into One

A cl.

Heywood Road Petition*

Colefliill Roads Peti* tien.

Sib ford Ferris

Inclosure

Petition,

Hereford Roads Peti-

tlOB.

*$9

Act, and they apprehend it would be of great public Utility, if Power was given to continue the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Ogley , in the said Acts mentioned, across the Common called Ogley Hay, by or near a Place called Knaves to a

Public House known by the Sign of The Sun, in the Parish of Norton under Cannock, in the said County of Stafford, in th<j Great Road leading towards Shrewf-bury: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said former Acts, and for continuing the Road across Ogley Hay to the Sign of The Sun as aforesaid, in such Manner, and tinder such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rolle, &c. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of, the Clock,-in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of in the Parish and Hentland, and also for erecting new Gates; as well upon the Roads in the said former Acts mentioned, as upon the said last mentioned Roads; increasing the Tolls, and for giving such other new and additional Powers as may be thought neccITary for carrying such intended Acts into Execution, and that the Petitioners may have such, Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee ': And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: '

And it is referred to Sir George Mr. Al-

derman Harley, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enjlow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to

the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles’s Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New -flock, in the said County; and for making, amending;

token i-li urch Road Bill pifcfented;

of Swalcliffe,in the County of Oxford, was presented completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from

to the House^ and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields are intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and the Lord Wenman do prepare, apd bring in, the fame.

the Bottom of Cheyney Lane up Headington Hill, to join the present Enjlow Branch of Road in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Sbotover Hill, to the said Enjlow Branch: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Trustees empowered to put in Execution an Act, intituled, <c An Act for enlarging the Terms

CC

A Message was brought by Sir Francis,

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, that the House might hear the Commission read, had been at the House of Peers: Where the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and fating, with several other Lords, on a Form between Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty, for re- the Throne and the Woolfacks, said to the Effect folpairing the several Roads leading into the City of lowing:

" Hereford and for amending the Roads to Uancloudy M Lords> and Gentlemen,

<c lull, and Langua Bridge, was prdented to the ... . . _ , . , ,.

House. and read? Setting forth. That the Petitioners I, H,.S not thinking fit to be present here this

have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and ln His Royal Person has been pleased to cause

have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the >uCommission to be tffued under H,s Great Seal, »u-Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain ‘horizing commanding the Comm, IT,oners who due, with large Arrears of Interest, and the Terms of are "PP01nted b? former Letters Patent to hold this the said Acts are expiring, and the Money borrowed farl"^ent' " °Pen d«>»r« certain further Causes on the Credit thereof caSnot be repaid, nor can the [or hold'nS the fame> which Commission you w.ll now Roads mentioned in the said Acts be effectually ear rea

amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms and That then, the said Commission being read, which Powers granted by the said Acts be further continued was to the Purport of what the Lord Chancellor had and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave said, the Lord Chancellor, as One of the Commis-may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the sioners, made a Speech to both Houses of Parlia-Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, mentj of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to pre-and that Power be given, by the said Bill, for making vent Mistakes, obtained a Copy, which he read to and keeping in Repair a Road from the said City of the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Hereford to HoarwithyPassage, through the several _ _ , _ .

Townships or Parishes of Lower Bullinghope, Rather- Lords, and Gentlemen,

was. Dine dor. Holm Lacy, Ballingham, Little Dewchurch, In Obedience to His Majesty’s Commands, and by

a virtue

Message to attend the Lords Conn missioners.

Mr. Speaker reports the Lords Commissioners Speech*

Resolution for Address on King's Speech*

l6o

io° Martii.

A. 1789.

virtue of both Commissions already mentioned to you (One of which has now been read) we proceed to lay before you such further Matters as His Majesty has judged proper to be now communicated to His Parliament.

His Majesty being, by the Blessing of Providence, happily recovered from the severe Indisposition with which He has been afflicted, and being enabled to attend to the Public Affairs of His Kingdoms, has commanded us to convey to you His warmest Acknowledgements for the additional Proofs which you have given of your affectionate Attachment to His Person, and of your zealous Concern for the Honbur and Interests of His Crown, and the Security and good Government of His Dominions.

The Interruption which has necessarily been occasioned to the Public Business will. His Majesty doubts not, afford you an additional Incitement to apply yourselves, with as little Delay as possible, to the different Objects of National Concern which require your Attention.

His Majesty has likewise ordered us to acquaint you that, since the Close of the last Session, He has concluded a Treaty of Defensive Alliance with His' good Brother the King of Prussia, Copies of which will be

laid before you j that His Majesty’s Endeavours were employed during the last Summer, in Conjunction with His Allies, in order to prevent, as much as possible, the Extension of Hostilities in Fhe North, and to manifest His Desire of effecting a general Pacification; that no Opportunity will be neglected on-His Part to promote this salutary Objectj and that He has in the mean Time the Satisfaction of receiving from all Foreign Courts continued Assurances of their friendly Dispofi-tiens to this Country.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

We are commanded by His Majesty to acquaint you, that the Estimates for the current Year will forthwith be laid before you; and that He is persuaded of your Readiness to make the necessary Provisions for the several Branches of the Public Service.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

We have it particularly in Charge from His Majesty to assure you, that you cannot so effectually meet the most earned Wish of His Majesty’s Heart as by persevering in your uniform Exertions for the Public Welfare, and by improving every Occasion to promote the Prosperity of His faithful People, from whom His Majesty has received such. repeated and affecting Marks of invariable Zeal, Loyalty, and Attachment, and whose Happiness He must ever consider as inseparable from His own. ‘ ,

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble

Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for the Speech which has been delivered, by His Majesty’s Command, to both Houses of Parliament.

To congratulate His Majesty on the happy Event of His Majesty’s Recovery from His late Indisposition, and on His being enabled to attend to the Public Affairs of His Kingdoms.

To assure His Majesty, that we acknowledge, with the most heartfelt Joy and Gratitude, the Goodness of Almighty God, in restoring His Majesty to the Wishes and Prayers of His faithful Subjects} and to express our earnest Hope, that His Majesty may long continue to rule over an affectionate and grateful People.

To lay before His Majesty our dutiful Acknowledgements of the favourable Sense which He entertains of our affectionate Attachment to His Majesty’s Person, and of our Concern for the Honour and Interest of His Crown, and the Security and good Government of His Dominions.

To assure His Majesty, that it shall be our constant

Endeavour to merit His Majesty’s good Opinion, by labouring to promote the Happiness of His People; and that w<* will apply ourselves, with as little Delay as possible, to the different Objects of National'Concern which require our Attention.

To return His Majesty our humble Thanks for being graciously pleased to order a Copy of the Treaty of Defensive Alliance between His Majesty and the King of Prussia to be laid before 11s.

To express our Sense of His Majesty’s just Regard to the Interests of His Subjects, and the Peace of Europe, in His Endeavours to prevent the Extension of Hostilities in The North* and His Desire to eftect a general Pacification; and to testify the Satisfaction with which we learn that His Majesty continues to receive Assurances of the favourable Disposition of the other Courts of Europe towards this Country.

That we shall proceed with Chearfulness to make the necessary Provision for the several Branches of the Public Service.

That we observe, with the utmost Gratitude, the Paternal Expressions of His Majesty’s Regard for the Happiness of His People, whose invariable Sentiments of Zeal, Loyalty, and Attachment to His Majesty, are animated and confirmed by the uniform Experience of His Majesty’s Virtues, and by the Sense of the Blessings which they enjoy under His Majesty’s auspicious Government.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw Committee up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon *"

the said Resolution. P‘

.And a Committee was appointed of the Earl Gower,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Henry Dundas, Mr. John James Hamilton, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, the Marquis of Graham, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Solicitor General, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Wilberforce, the Lord Viscount Belgrave, Sir George Howard, Lord Frederick

Campbell, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Roje, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Steele; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Commission- Speech refer-ers appointed by His Majesty for holding this Parlia- rctl' ment, and for opening and declaring certain further Causes for holding the fame, to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That a Message be Congntuiato-sent from this House to the Queen, humbly to congratulate Her Majesty on His Majesty’s happy Reco- 6 "*’ very, in which, whilst we feel the sincerest Satisfaction on the Behalf of the Public, we also cordially sympathize in the Part which Her Majesty cannot but peculiarly take in so happy an Event; and humbly to assure Her Majesty, that we always rejoice in every Circumstance which can promote Her Majesty’s Do-meftic Felicity, and reward those exemplary Virtues which have long endeared Her Majesty to the Nation.

Ordered, That the Marquis of , Mr. John

James Hamilton, Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord Viscount Belgrave, Mr. Comptroller of the House-hold, and Colonel Phipps, do attend Her Majesty with the said Message.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Petition*

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the cSou"fy E'ec-whole House, to consider of the several Petitions tionsAato which have been presented to this: House, in this beconildered. Session of Parliament, complaining of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for the better securing the Rights of Persons quali- fied to vote at County Elections."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MercurU,

South JCil-worth Inclosure Petition*

Petitions from Southampton and Radnor against the County Elections Act*

Mercuriiy ii6 Mart it j

Anno 29* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1789; Prayers.

A PETITION of the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commons, Tythes, and Estates, within the Open and Common Fields of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of several Lands and Estates within the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of South Kilworth aforesaid, which lie inconveniently intermixed and dispersed over the Whole of the said Parish in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, are very fit and proper to be divided and inclosed, and would thereby be of much greater Profit and Advantage to the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iri a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pocbin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Magistrates for the County of Southampton, and of the Grand Jury at the Assizes holden in and for the said County, assembled at an Adjournment of the General Quatter Session of the Peace for the said County, held during the Assizes;, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having fully and deliberately considered of an Act of the last Session of Parliament for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, are of Opinon, that the said Act is totally inadequate to answer the Purposes for which it was intended, and from its extreme Intricacy and Trouble, and being chiefly vested in the Hands of Persons who are unaccullomed to such Business, mull necessarily create great Confusion and Delay, and will, as the Petitioners conceive, rather tend to lessen and abridge the Rights of Freeholders, than to pro-tedl and secure the same j and that, besides the Improbability of the Act being ever carried fully into Effect, the Expence thereof to the said County, where there are Five hundred Districts, as well as to the Kingdom at large, will be enormous, and comes at a very improper Time, when most Counties are burthened with the more necessary and useful Expence of building new G/ols and Penitentiary Houses, in which Expences the said County is already involved, and also now liable to a very heavy Charge to be made on them by the King’s Printers for the Books and Papers already sent down, amounting, as is supposed, to upwards of £. 1,000; and that the Petitioners apprehend, by the Operation of the said Act, many Freeholders will be deprived of their Rights and Immunities, inasmuch as several Penalties are inflicted on Persons offending against the Provisions thereof, on which Account the Petitioners conceive a large Portion of Eledlors will refrain from Registering their Freeholds, merely from the Apprehension of subjecting themselves to the Inconvenience and Expence of Suits in a Court of Juf-Vol. XLIV.

tice, as it is oftentimes difficult to determine the Validity of Votes of a doubtful Nature; and that the Petitioners also conceive; that, if the said Act was to be carried into Effect, it would, in a great Measure, if not wholly, prevent the due Execution of the several Acts of the Seventh and Eighth Of Kiftg William the Third, Cap. 25, and the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, Cap. 84, made for the better ordering Elections in divers Cafes, and they are therefore of Opinion, that the said Act of the last Session, for the Rca-fons before assigned, ought to be repealed: And therefore praying the House to take this Petition into Consideration, and; if they shall judge it fit and expedient, that they would repeal the fame, and that the House will take into Consideration the great Expence the Petitioners have been involved in by the said Act, and adopt such Measures as may relieve them from the Burthen thereof.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Radnor, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend many Inconveniences will arise from carrying the said Act into Execution, as well as its being oppressive to Rack Tenants, who, not being Freeholders, and uninterested, are yet obliged to pay the County Rates, from whence the great Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution are to be defrayed: And therefore praying the House to take the Repeal of the said Act into Consideration, and to do therein as to them shall seem meer.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Baillies and Town Council of the Town of Greenockt and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *' An Act for deepening, " cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for supplying the " Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water, and " for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the " Streets, and other public Places within the said " Town," certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Baillies of the Town of Greenock, and to the other Persons therein mentioned and described as Trustees and Commissioners for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees and Commissioners have proceeded in executing the said Act, and have borrowed and advanced several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Duties and Rates thereby granted, which Sums, together with the Rates and Duties collected by virtue of the said Act, have been duly laid out pursuant to the Directions thereof, and great Progress has been made in the public Works thereby directed, but the same cannot be effectually completed, and kept in good Order and Repair, and the other Purposes of the said Act fulfilled, unless the Term thereof be enlarged, and farther and additional Powers granted to the Trustees and Commissioners, and other proper Persons, for that Purpose, and the said Act be explained and amended in several Particulars; and it would greatly tend to the more speedy completing of the said Works, if certain Vessels coming into the said Port and Harbour, which are now exempted from Payment of the Rates and Duties, were subjected to the Payment thereof; and that the said Harbour of the Town of Greenock is not sufficiently large for the Reception and convenient lying of Vessels resorting thereto, and it would be of great public Utility, and of great Benefit and Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town, if the said Harbours were enlarged, and proper Quays and Piers made and credled for the Reception and Safety of Ships and

T t Vessds

Grefnoclc

Harbour

Petition.

by

Wakefield and Abberford Road Bill committed.

Wendt't Nat. Bill reported.

Brandon

Drainage

Petition.

16z ii° Martii. A. 1789.

Vessels entering and lying the rein: And therefore and also of the Reverend Peregrine llarrijon praying. That Leave nhay be given to bring in a Bill Clerk, Anthony Peacock, Esquire, and others, Owners for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Proprietors of certain Fen and Low Lands and and Restrictions as to the House shall seem proper and Grounds in the Parishes of Notion and necessary. in the County of Lincoln, is referred: And that they

Ordered, That the said Petition be j-eferted to the do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- the fame, as ip shall appear to them, to the House. amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall dppear to them, to the House: A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, Farcrflwm

And it is referred to Mr. Stuart,the Marquis of and several other of the principal Inhabitants of the Graham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Town of Faversham, in the County of Kent, was Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. Chamber; and hive Power to fend for Persona, Pa- That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages jWrs, and Records. and Places, within the said Town, and the Liberty

thereof, and also several Places near, or adjoining,

A Bill for repairing artd widening the Road from the and leading into the said Town, are not properly Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject West Riding of the County of York,was read a Second to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances,

Tirtie. and Annoyances; and that it would be of great Be-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John nefit. Safety, and Convenience to the Petitioners, and Smyth, Mr. ' Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the said

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places,

Chamber. were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched,

and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances,

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom and Annoyances therein, were removed, and Provi-the BUI for naturalizing Nathaniel Wendt,was commit- fion made for preventing the like in future: And ted; That the Committee had examined the Allega- therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring tiens of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and that the Committed had directed him to report the Bill watching the several Streets, Lanes, and other public to the House, without any Amendment: And he de- Passages and Places, within the said Town, and the lirered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Liberty thereof, and also several Places near, or ad-

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. joining, and leading into the said Town, and for re-

moving all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are and Annoyances therefrom, and for preventing the thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and like for the future, by such Ways and Means, and i<* others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen and such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Low Lands, lying in the Parish of Brattfion, in the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thfe County of the City of Lincoln, was presented to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do House, and read; Setting forth. That in the said Pa- examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as rish are certain Inclosed Fen and Low Lands, contain- it shall appear to them, to the House: ing together about 2,100 Acres, which, in their pre- And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr.

sent State, are very subject to be Overflowed, and by &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Reason thereof cannot be cultivated to the most Ad- Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and

vantage, but, if embanked and drained, would be have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-

materUHy improved, to the Advantage of the Pro- cords, prietors, and the Benefit of the Public; and that the

Petitioners are informed, a Petition hath been pre- A Petition of several Gentlemen^ Freeholders, Ma- CromforX fented to the House, from several of the Owners and nufatturers, and others, of the Counties of Derby and

Proprietors of certain Fen and Low Lands, in the Nottingham, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the

Parishes of Notion and Potterbanworth, in the County House, and read; Setting forth. That, by a Survey of Lincoln, for Leave to bring in a Bill for embank- lately made, it appears that a Canal for the Naviga-

ing and draining the said Pen and Low Lands, in the tien of Boats, and other Vessels, may be conveniently said Parishes, and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if made, from a Place called Cromford in the

the Fen and Low Lands, in the said Parish of Bran- Lordship or Liberty of Cromford, in the Parish of fion, were to be embanked and drained under the ne- Wirksworth, and County of Derby, through other ceflary Provisions to be inserted for that Purpose in Part of the said Parish of Wirksworth, and the Pa-the said Bill for embanking and draining the Fen and rishes of Erich, Pentridge,

Low Lands in Notion and Potterbanworth, the same Heanor, and to join and communicate with

would be for the mutual Interest and Advantage of the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, in the the Petitioners, and of the Owners and Proprietors of Parish of in the County of Nottingham, and the said Fen and Low Lands, in the said Parishes of 'also, that a Navigable Collateral Cut may be con-NoBon and Potterbanworth: And therefore praying, veniently made from the said intended Canal, at or That Leave may be given to include the said Fen and near a Place called Codr.or park Mill, in the said Pa-Low Lands, in the Parish of Bransion, in the Bill rish of Heanor, through the said Parish of Alfreton, to petitioned to be brought in for embanking and drain- a certain Close called The Uorfe Croft Clcfe, belonging the said Fen and Low Lands, in the Parishes of ing to the Reverend D’Ewes Coke, and near to Notlon and Potterbanworth, under such Provisions, and ton Mill, in the Parish of in the County of

subject to such Orders and Regulations, as to the Derby; and that the making of such Navigable Canal House shall seem meet. and Collateral Cut, together with such other Colla-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the teral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also pro-Consideration of the Committee to whom the Peti- per Railways and Roads to the said Canal and Collateral tien of the Honourable George Hobart,the Reverend Cuts, will open a Communication with several valuable

Doctor Francis Willis, Thomas Porter, Esquire, Mayor Mines of Coal, Lead, Limestone, Ironstone, Marble, of the City of Lincoln, the Mailer, and Gcrvafe Gib- Slate, and other Minerals, and also with several very Jon, Esquire, John Brown, Esquire, and others, Go- extensive Manufactories, and will be in other Respects vernors of the Hospital of 7Jus Chrifi,in. Lincoln, of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That

Leave

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts as aforesaid, with proper Railways, and other Roads, to communicate therewith, and for making such Alteration in the Rates or Tolls, now payable for Boats and other Vessels, passing along the said Erewash Canal, as may, in Consequence of making the said intended Canal, be agreed upon, or as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George , the Lord Weficote, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Paper's, and Records.

.Lord Mel- A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount tioa'hrzA^' Melbourne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented ditionai Pro- to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pe-Cromford Na t‘t‘oner finds Application hath been made to the ▼igatiooBiil!" House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Cromford Green, in the Parish of Wirkjwort and County of Derby, to join-and communicate with the Erewash Canal at or near Langley Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal into the Parish of in

the County of Derby; and Alledging, That the Petitioner is Owner of very extensive Mines of Coal, and other Minerals, situate in the Parish of , in the County of Nottingham, and he finds, by Levels and Surveys, that a Navigable Cut, with a small Branch out of the fame, may be conveniently made from his said Mines through the Parishes of , in the County of Derby, and Session aforesaid, to communicate with the said intended Canal at or near Codnor Park, in the said Parish of Heanor, which would be of considerable Benefit to the Petitioner, and of public-Utility: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Cut and Branch out of the fame, from the Petitioner’s said Minc$, to communicate with the said intended Canal as aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine ihe Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

w*t=hfield A Petition of the Right honourable William inclosur<r°n man, Viscount Barrington of the Kingdom of Ireland, Petition- Lord of the Manor of Sbrivenbam Stall Pitts, in the Parish of Sbrivenbam, in the County of Berks, within which is situated the Hamlet of and Pro-

prietor of Land in the Hamlet of in the said Parish, the Right honourable ’Jacob Earl otRadnor, Impropriator of the Reftorial Tythes arising and ..heing within the said Hamlets, and the humble Petition of the Reverend 'Colton, Vicar of the said Parish, and of Thomas Kinneir, Esquire, and Others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Land within the said Hamlets, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That there are, within the said Hamlets of and Bourton, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, which lie intermixed and in Tenantry, so that, in their present Situation, they cannot be manured and tilled to the bell Advantage; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners and the other Owners of the said Common Fields, Common Meadows* Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Pye, and the Earl of Upper Ofiory, do prepare* and bring in* the fame.

A Petition of the Mofi: Noble Hugh Duke of Nor- Petition for thumberland, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ery

on Behalf of themselves, and others, associated for the Purposes herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Extension of the British Fisheries, and Increase of the Navigation of this Country, have ever been held to be great Objects of National Advantage, and as such deserving the Countenance and Patronage of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have agreed to affo-ciate and form themselves into a Company under the Name of " The Northumberland Society of the British Fishery," and to subscribe and bring in a Capital Joint Stock, not exceeding the Sum of £.50,000, for the Purpose of extending and increasing the British Fishery, provided that Parliament will grant them an Act of Incorporation, in like Manner, and with fych Powers, as the same has been done to other Corporations deserving National Protection: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Petitioners and their Successors under the Name of " The Northumberland Society of the British Fishery," and for veiling them with such Powers and Authorities for the better and more effectual establishing, directing, managing, and carrying on the said Fishery, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and feport the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Whitt Mr.

Miiford,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are petition for thereunto subscribed, being Captains and Matters of rcguhtingtbe Ships and Vessels frequenting the Port of , and ^vdieu’in th*

the Lightermen of the said Port, was presented to the Port of Lon. House, and read; Setting fprth, That, by Reason of don‘ the Insufficiency of the present Moorings between London Bridge and Cuckolds Point, and the irregular and improper Manner in which Vessels are stationed, numberlqfs Accidents are occasioned to Ships and Vessels entering or leaving the said Port, of lying the rein, to the great Loss and Damage of the Petitioners, and of other Captains and Matters; and that the Properties of the Petitioners, and all Captains and.Matters of Ships and Vessels lying in the said Port, within the Limits before mentioned, are constantly exposed to Danger, from Thieves and Robbers, who form themselves into Gangs too numerous to be refitted, and board and plunder Ships, Vessels, and Lighters* in the Night-time; and that the Crews of even large Trading Vessels are* while in Harbour, too small to bie capable of effectually defending the m-, selves and Property so attacked, and as they cannot have the Aid and Assistance which on Shore, upon any Alarm being made, is easy to be procured, in Cafes where Resistance has been made, the Crew have been thrown into the River, and other fatal Accidents

dents have happened; and that, as the Lightermen are deterred from working in the Night-time by the Apprehensions of being robbed and ill treated, great Delays, Inconveniences, and additional Expences, are thereby occasioned in the loading and unloading of Ships and Vessels in the said Port, and, as above-mentioned, Thefts become Nightly more numerous, and, the Petitioners conceive, all the above-mentioned Accidents, Delays, Inconveniences, and Dangers, might in a great Measure be prevented, if proper and sufficient Moorings were provided, the necessary Rules and Regulations for the lying of Ships and Vessels enforced, and a proper and sufficient Nightly Watch established, within the Limits aforesaid: And there- fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulating and Security of the Trading Ships and Vessels within the said Port, as may be thought proper to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon- the

T able.

WoWejrTnelo- A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands

fore Petition. aruj common Right in the Common and Open Fields, Heath, Wolds, Waste, Common, or Commonable Land, within the Parish of oth^rwife

in the County of War, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and dispersed over the said Common Fields, and cannot be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed j and that it would tend to the Advantage of the several Parties interested, if the said Common Fields, Heath, Wolds, Waste, Common, or Commonable Land, in the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor in Proportion to their Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Heath, Wolds, Waste, Common, or Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Shoreditch A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by,

Road» P«i- or jn pursuance of, several Acts of Parliament, for

IOD' repairing the Roads from the Stones End in the Parish

of Saint Leonard, Shored, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, and from the Watch House in Edmonton to the Market Place in Enfield, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part of the said Roads, and also, of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, great Part whereof still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, and such Part thereof, as aforesaid, properly lighted, watched, and watered, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, some of the Toils, thereby granted, increased, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes; and that the Road leading from Newington Green, in the Parish of Hornsey,in the County of , through certain Lanes or Highways, called the Green Lanes, to the South Side of the New River Bridge, at or near Bowes Farm, in the Parish of Edmonton, aforesaid, is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts of the Year impassable for Carriages, and the same cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the

ordinary Course of Law, and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to Persons residing within the Neighbourhood, or having Occasion to make Use of the said Road, if the same was amended and rendered safe and commodious for Travellers and Carriages: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, and for amending and keeping in Repair the said Road from Newington Green to the South Side of the New River Bridge, at or near Bowes Farm, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Minchin,

&cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Earl Gower reported from the Committee, ap- A<Mrcf* re-pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre-iented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn *8re* up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for the Speech which has been delivered by Your Majesty’s Command to both Houses of Parliament; and to congratulate Your Majesty on the happy Event of Your Majesty’s Recovery from Your late Indisposition, and on Your being enabled to attend to the Public Affairs of Your Kingdoms.

We acknowledge; with the most heartfelt Joy and Gratitude, the Goodness of Almighty God in reftor-ing Your Majesty to the Wilhes and Prayers of Your faithful Subjects; and earnestly hope that Your Majesty may long continue to rule over an affection-atc and grateful People.

Permit us to lay before Your Majesty our dutiful Acknowledgements of the favourable Sense which Your Majesty entertains of our affectionate Attachment to Your Majesty’s Person, and of our Concern for the Honour and Interest of Your Crown, and the Security and good Government of Your Dominions.

It will be our constant Endeavour to merit Your Majesty’s good Opinion, by labouring to promote the Happiness of Your People; and we will apply our-selves, with as little Delay as possible, to the different Objects of National Concern which require our Attention.

We beseech Your Majesty to accept our humble Thanks for being graciously pleased to order a Copy of the Treaty of Defensive Alliance between Your Majesty and the King of Prussia to be laid before us, and to be allured that we are deeply sensible of Your Majesty’s just Regard to the Interests of Your Subjects, and the Peace of Europe, in Your Endeavours to prevent the Extension of Hostilities in The North, and Your Desire to effeCl a general Pacification. We learn with great Satisfaction, that Your Majesty continues to receive Assurances of the favourable Dif-position of the other Courts of Europe towards this Country.

We shall not fail to proceed, with Chearfulness and Dispatch, to make the necessary Provision for the several Branches of the Public Service.

We

Lords Com* tniflioiion Spctch to be considered*

Expiring Laws Committee appointed*

Baddlefey In* dofure and Drainage Pc-cuioiu

Time for re* eeiving Petitions enlarged*

2<j Geo. IIL ttt- — i

We Should be wanting to durselves, an'd to those whom we represent, if we did not . testify, in the warmed Manner, the Gratitude with which we observe the paternal Expressions of ^our Majesty’s Regard for the Happiness of Your People, whose invariable Sentiments of Zeal, Loyalty, and Attachment to Your Majesty are animated and confirmed by the uniform Experience of Your Majesty’s Virtues, and by the Sense of the Blessings which they enjoy under Your Majesty’s auspicious Government.

The said Address being read a Second Time j

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente That this House

doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for holding this Parliament, and for opening and declaring certain further Causes for holding the fame, to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.'

Ordered\That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Roje, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of ancient Common Right Houses and Frontsteads, Lands and Grounds, within the several Townships of West Haddlejey, Chapel Haddleje» East and

Temple Hirft,in the Parish of , in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships, several Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which lie dispersed and intermixed with each other, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be greatly improved if the same were divided, inclosed, drained, and embanked: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, Inclosing, draining, and embanking the said Open Fields, I ngs, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Resolution of the House, of the 5th Day of February last, " That this " House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the 13th Day of March next," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills be enlarged until Friday Ssevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant March.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. XLIV.

JoviS) 12° die Martiij Anno 290 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

AYERS.

jtpREDERICK Samuel Secretan, otherwise called Secret

Samuel Frederick Secretan', took the Oaths appointed, n‘ in order to his Naturalization.

Sir John Eden prfefehted to the House j according tb BiiKop Wear -Order; a Bill for altering; raising, widening, repair- Bu^etmed. ing, and preserving the Road leading frotii the Tdwri of Bishop Wearmouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, tb the Town of Nor ten, near Stockton, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Samuel Simpson, Esqtiire, Mayor of Loyne Nari-the Borough of Lancaster, in the County of *’*

Richard Walker, George Hargreaves, Thomas Rawlinjon,

Richard GiUow, William Carter, David Dockray, Samuel

Bradford, John Brookbank, Robert Whiteftde, John Shaw,

George Suart, James Booth, John Taylor, Benjamin Sat- , terthwaite, the Younger, John Stable, and Robert In- v man. Merchants, being the present Commissioners nominated and appointed under or by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called " Dune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of *« easter," for and on the Behalf of themselves and all

others trading to or from the Port of Lancaster, or to or from other Ports and Places adjacent to the said Port, and navigating the Bay usually called Lancaster Bay, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Rates and Duties imposed on the Tonnage of the Port of Lancaster, and the Powers granted by the said Act, being found inefficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended, it became necessary that the Rates and Duties, by the said Act granted, should be continued, and that the Powers and Authorities, by the said Act vested in the Commissioners and Trustees acting under the fame, Should be extended, and rendered more effectual, whereupon another Act was made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said former Ad j and that the Rates and Duties, s granted by the said Act of the Twenty-third Year of King George the Second, were, by the said Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, made perpetual, and the Commissioners and Trustees for carrying the said Acts into Execution were authorized to borrow, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, any Sum or Sums of Money, so that there should not remain owing in the Whole more than the Sum of £.6,000, the Whole of which Sum was accordingly borrowed, and applied' for the several Uses and Purposes directed by the said Acts, and now remains duej and that, in order to prevent the great Loss and Inconvenience heretofore experienced by Merchants and others trading to or from the Port of Lancaster, for Want of some proper Place where their Ships or Vessels might be laid in Safety, whilst loading, unloading, or Haying within the said Port, it hath been thought necessary to ered a Pier or Mole, and make a Wet Dock, in or near to the said River, at a Place called Gand the same hath been begun, and lo far proceeded in, as to be rendered a safe and commodious Receptacle for Ships and Vessels trading to or from the said Port, but the

U u said

66

12° Martii. A. 1789.

>V.; %'t \’imi

>1 i afitti.

said Dock and Pier arc not yet completed; and that the said Sum of f.6,000, and the Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts, being insufficient to defray the Expences incurred by the Means aforesaid, the further Sum of £. 1,560 hath been raised and expended, and is now liable to be re-imbursed and repaid, for or in respect of the said Works, and other Sums are yet necessary to be expended, in order to complete the same $ and that it would be useful to substitute a permanent Land Mark, to be built of Stone, indead of the present Land Mark at Rojfall Point, which, being made of Wood, is subject to rapid Decay, and stands in Need of frequent Reparation } and that the Bay, usually called Lancaffen is much navigated not only by Ships and Vessels belonging to the said Port of Lancaster, but also by Ships and Vessels be-

longing to adjacent Ports, and frequently by His Majesty’s Ships of War, and Ships employed in the King’s Service, and it frequently happens that other Ships and Vessels are driven into the said Bay by Storms and Tempests, the Navigation of which Bay is, by Means of the many large Shoals, Rocks, and Sand Banks, lying in different Parts thereof, rendered extremely dangerous, so that divers Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes and Crews, have been totally loft, and others greatly injured, which Risques might be remedied, or much lessened, in case One or more Light House or Light Houses, with proper Signals to distinguish the fame, were erected on some suitable Eminence upon the Coast of or near to' the said Bayj and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Advantage of the said Port of , and of the

Owners of Lands adjoining to the said River proper and suitable for building Yards, and Lots, if Rich Lands could be purchased by the said Commissioners and Trustees, and by them apportioned, divided, and granted off, in Lots, subject to such Annual Ground Relit as might be mutually agreed on for the Purpose, and if all legal Disabilities, tending to prevent any such Purchase or Grant, were taken ^wayj and that, to answer the beneficial Purposes above mentioned, it is necessary that the Petitioners should be authorized and empowered to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of £.2,500, and that certain additional Rates and Duties should be imposed upon the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels to be benefited by the said Improvements, but so as that His Majesty’s Ships of War, and other Ships employed in the King’s Service, and Vessels loaden with Coals or other Fuel only, should be exempted from the said Rates and Duties, and it is also necessary that the Powers and Authorities, now vested in the said Commissioners and Trustees, should be enlarged, extended, and rendered more effectual, and further and other Powers and Authorities granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the said Acts of Parliament, made and passed for improving the Navigation of the said River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Pye, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Ralph Esquire

(lately called Ralph Earle) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Willis only, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Ralph Willis, Esquire (lately called Ralph Earle) apd the Heirs Male of hi* Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Willis only, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from the Green near Benenden Church to the Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year, of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Famborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars Bu/h, in the Turnpike Road leading frOm Tunbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John, Gottlieb

Klopfer, John William Vogel} and Henry S iff ken, was read the Third Time. .; .

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for-naturalizing -John G Klopfer,

John William Vogel, and Henry

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Nathaniel Wendt, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Nathaniel Wendt.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of Oxford, held at Oxford on Monday the 9th Day of March 1789, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and that the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the very heavy Expences which they understand will be brought upon the said County, in case the said Act should be carried into Execution, which Expences will be extremely oppressive and unequal, ac falling wholly on the Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, the greater Part of whom are not Freeholders } and that the Petitioners conceive the carrying of the said Act into Execution, according to the strict Letter thereof, is scarcely praflicable, that it would create much additional Trouble to the Magistrates, occasion Confusion and Delay at contested County Elections, and be productive of many Hardships and Inconveniences to the Freeholders and Land Tax Collectors of the said County, and in its Consequences abridge or destroy the Rights of the Freeholders, instead of securing them, which appears to have been the Object of the Legislature in passing the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, or that the Petitioners may have inch other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

Golford Green Roads Bill presented.

Bromley Road Bill presented.

Klopfer, Vc-

fel, and SilF-en’s Nat. Bill passed.

W«ndt’< Nat# Bill passed.

Petition from Oxford against the County Elections A&.

Streatham

Workhouse

Petition.

Doncaster Road Bill predated.

Roxburgh Roads Bill reported.

29 Geo. III. i2° MartiL 167

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Ohce to whom it is referred to cOftfider of the several Pe- read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by titions which have been presented to this House, in One; and, upon the Question fever^lly put thereupon, this Session of Parliament, complaining of an Act were agreed to by the House.

passed in the last Session of Parliament; intituled. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be.

An Act for the better securing the Rights of Per- ingrossed.

" fons qualified to vote at County Elections."

Mr. presented to the House, according Wifweii in-

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Over- to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain pr"f"^'ed'11 seers of the Poor,-and Parishioners of the Pari lb of Common, called Wifwell Moor, in the Township of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of them- Wifwell and Parish of Wb alley, in the County Palatihfe

selves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Parish, of Lane And the same was received1; and read' was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, the First Time.

That, owing to the great Incrifafe of Building within Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timfc; the said Parish, the Poor thereof are become con-

fidcrably increased, and there is riot at present any Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the COrri- Nohhumber-proper Place for their Reception; and that the Pc- m»ttee, to whom the Petition of the:Most Noble titioners have obtained a convenient Spot of Ground Duke of and the humble Petitjbh: of; wi^re-

on Tooting Common, within the said Parish, and near the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto ported, the Parish Church, for the Purpose of building a subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Others, affo-Workhouse thereon for the Residence and Employ- ciated for the Purposes thereinafter mentioned, :;was ment of the said Poor, which at present (for .-Vant referred; That the Committee had examined the Mit-thereof) are a great Burthen on the said Parish, being ter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report obliged to farm many of them out at a considerable the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and Expence; and that if the Petitioners were enabled to be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-raise Money for carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Livered ‘t in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Execution, it would be of considerable Benefit and was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring Wood, Esquire, being examined, said. That in the in a Bill to enable them to raise a Sum of Money, for Course of last Summer five Decked Vessels and Thirty- -credting and building a proper Workhouse for the Boats were fitted out from the County of Nofthum*

Residence and Employment of the Poor, and for berland — That the Vessels were manned with Fifty making such Regulations therein as shall appear Men, and that about One hundred and Eighty Men necessary for carrying the same into Execution. are employed in the Boats — That some of these Vessels

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and Boats were employed in the Herring Fishery, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do others in the Ling, Tusk, and Cod Fishery — That examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as they go to their Fishing as far as Shetland and the it shall appear to them, to the House: Hebrides, and between Shetland and Iceland — That they

And it is referred to Lord William Rujfell, Sir Jofepbarc employed in the early Part of the Year till July Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow *n fishing for Ling, Tusk, and Cod, and for the Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Remainder of the Year in fishing for Herrings — That Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Three Cargoes were sent Abroad the last Year, One Papers, and Records. to PoOne to Spain, and One to Italy, the Value

whereof amounted to £.4,000, or thereabouts.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according The Witness then produced to your Committee a to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Subscription Paper, by which it appears that/. 13,500 ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed is already subscribed for the Purposes of carrying on in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- the said Fishery; and he said, that most probably jesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of Hi* present more is subscribed by this Time: And he further said,

Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same That if the Persons concerned were not to be answer-relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster, through ab,« for more than the Capital subscribed, and freed the Parish of Penifton,in the County of York, to Salter's from the Bankrupt Laws, which might involve their Brook, in the County of Chester: And the same was whole Estates and Property, there is the greatest Pro-received; and read the First Time. speft of having Gentlemen, and other considerable

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Persons, Subscribers to the Undertaking — That it is

proposed to create a Capital of /. 50,000, and that Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, there is very little Doubt, that as soon as an Act for to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Incorporation can be obtained, the whole Sum will be of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of subscribed, and such Increase of Capital will necessarily the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the produce an Increase in the Fishery — That another repairing and widening several Roads leading through Inconvenience will be removed, and Persons be ert-the County of Roxburgh, and for better regulating couraged to subscribe, if the Persons so subscribing the Statute Labour within the said County, was com- were to be incorporated, and by such Incorporation mitted; and to whom the Petition of the Persons enabled to plead and defend their Property in any thereunto subscribing. Farmers and Tenants of Lands Disputes at Law as a Corporate Body, in the County of Roxburgh, was referred; , That the Mr. Anthony Lambert confirms the above Evidence.

Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Successors, by the Name and Style of The -

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be berlandFijhery Society, and to enable them, when in-true; and that the Committee had gone through the corporated, to subscribe a Capital Joint Stock, for Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which more effectually supporting, conducting, and increas-they had directed him to report to the House; and i°g such Fishery: And that Sir Matthew White , he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- Mr. Brandling, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the in> the fame.

a A Petition

i <58

Binhimineio* . A Petition of the Most Noble Charles Duke of

iuie Petition. Norfolk, Lord of the Manor of Banbam, Marshalls, Beckball, and Greys, in the County of Norfolk, and of several Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Banbam, in the said County, entitled to certain Rights of Common within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, over which there are certain Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the said Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, were divided, and speciftc Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir Edward AJlley and Sir John Wodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Walpole Em- A Petition of Robert Cony and Maxey Allen, both of jndtfm*Fe- ^ngs Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, Esquires, Wil-tuion. Ham Hardy man, of the same Place, Gentleman, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages in the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manors of Walpole, formerly Eldredt, and West Walton, formerly The Duke's, in the Township of Walpole aforesaid, or one of them, a certain Common or Waste Ground called ’The Salt Marsh, containing, by Estimation, about Two thousand Acres, lying on the South East Side of the River or Channel running from Wifbech to the Sea, and also certain other Commons or W afte Grounds, containing, by Estimation, about Five; hundred Acres, and the Petitioners, and the several other Owners of Messuages in the said Township are entitled to Right of Common and Feed upon the said Common Salt Marsh and other Commons or Waste Grounds; and that the said Common Salt Marsh, or the greatest Part thereof, is frequently Overflowed with the Tide, whereby the Feed thereof is injured, and the Cattle feeding thereon are frequently drowned, and the said other Commons or Waste Grounds, being uninclosed, are of less Value than they would be if inclosed and divided; and that the Petitioners ar.e desirous that the said Common Salt Marsh, and other Commons or Waste Grounds, should be embanked, indofed, and divided, and speciftc Shares thereof allotted to them, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, which Embankment, Inclosure, Division, and Allotment, would be for the Benefit of all Persons interested in the said Common Salt Marsh, and other Commons or Waste Grounds, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Common Salt Marsh, and other Commons or Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward AJlley, Sir John Wodehouse, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

1789.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Kent reported from the Committee, to Nm.

whom the Bill for the Naturalization of Jacob Siordet 8U1 "P0"0* and James Lewis Siordet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Kent reported from the Committee, to PourtaVsN*. whom the Bill for the Naturalization of Lewis - 8,11 ieP°rud* tales was committed; That the Committee had examined (he Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Freeholders of the Parish of Petition for Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to p^'Acon* the House, and read; Setting forth. That Applica- Shoreditch tien hath been made to the House for Leave to bring Roads B,u* in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Atts of Parliament for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads from the Stones End in the Parish of Saint Leonard, -ditch, to thefurthermost Partof the Northern Road in the said Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield aforesaid, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Newington Green to the South Side Of the New River Bridge, at or near Bowes Farm, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County; and Alledging, That the extending the Provisions of the said intended Bill to the Road leading from the New River Bridge aforesaid, to join the present Turnpike Road at Bush Hill, in the said Parish of Edmonton, would be of Benefit to the Petitioners, and of public Convenience: And therefore praying.

That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from the New River Bridge aforesaid to the said Turnpike Road at Bush Hill, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by, or in pursuance of, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermaft Part of the Northern Road in the Pari Ih of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, and from the Watch House in Edmonton to the Market Place in Enfield, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part of the said Roads, and also, of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, 3D Account of Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending Rum and Su-Christmas 1788, with the Duties of Customs and Ex- gar* ord*‘ed* cife, and Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Lords Com-Confidctation the Speech of the Lords Commissioners

appointed co" "

12° Martii.

ic

Motion for a Supply.

To be considered in a Committee.

Trade with America to be coniidered.

fcommittee on Petitions against the County Elections A£1 \

reported*

Bill to repeal the A&, ordered.

Spetifbury If closure Peti-

tioD.‘

29 Geo. III. 120: — 13'

appointed by His Majesty for holding this Parliament", and for opening and declaring certain further Causes for holding the fame, to both Houses of Parliament", be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Speech into Consideration,

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Resolved, That this Ho.use will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America*

Martiu 169

the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are now divided into small Parcels, intermixed with each others and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if th^ same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests therein; the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, Thar Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing such Clauses, and under and subject to such Regulations and Orders; as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Rolle and Mr. Pbelips do prepare, and bring ini the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, complaining of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified " to vote at County Elections."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. 'Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from, the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections."

And Mr. Thomas Stanley moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the " Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elec-‘c tionsAnd that Mr . ThomaStanley, Mr. Crewe, Mr. fJonywood, Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Rolle, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Blackburne, and Mr. Marsham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1enerisy 130 die Martii 5

Anno 290 Georgii III'" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

- A PETITION of Francis Fane, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Spethe County of Dorset, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Open -and Commonable Lands and Grounds in the said Manor of in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands aftd Gtoufids Of Vot. XLIV.

Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, rtpontd. Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be itlgrolfed.

. 1

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Bill for repealing to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in on,s,50''wG

.. r. .0 , Election t Act,

the last Sefnon of Parliament, intituled* " An Act for presented.

" the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections:" And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevcnnight, the 23d Day of this Instant March.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Rrd L’,on . thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for the watching, fi2"’rePeu‘ paving, lighting, and cleansing Red Lion Square, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex,was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That by an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to cnable the present and future Proprietors and inhabi- tants of the Houses in Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves,

" for railing Money sufficient to inclose, pave, watch;

" clean, and adorn the said Square," Powers were given to the Trustees thereby appointed to inclose, pave, watch, cleanse, and adorn the said Square, and to make a Rate or Assessment, from Time to Time,

upon the Houses in the said Square, according to the Assessment thereof to the Land Tax for the Year 1736, and to be paid by the Proprietors or Inhabitants of the said Houses, so that such Rate should not exceed One Shilling artd Six Pence in the Pound per Annum, and

X x to

to apply loch Rate for the Purposes of the said Act, and to borrow at Interest, or by Way ot" Annuity, any Sum, not exceeding i,oooo On the Credit of the said Kate, and to apply the same to the Uses of the said Square; and that the Trainees appointed by virtue of the said Act, or their Successors, borrowed the Sum of £. 1,000 at Interest On the Credit of the said Rate, and applied the same to the Purposes of the said Act, and the said Sum stili remains due; and that the Whole of the Rate thereby authorized to be made hath been raised and applied in keeping down the Interest of the said Sum of 1,000, and in the necessary Expences of watching, lighting, cleansing, and adorning the said Square, and in repairing the Fences and Buildings therein, and the Foot and Carriage Pavements thereof; and that the said Rate, after Payment of the Interest of the said Sum of 1,000, hath, for several Years past, been inefficient, with the drifted (Economy, to defray the Expences of the said Square, whereby a considerable Debt hath accumu--lated, and is now due, over and besidesthe said Sum of £. 1,000, and the Pavements of the said Square are become so decayed as to make it necessary to relay the greater Part, if not the Whole thereof, the Expence of which cannot be defrayed, and the said Square kept lighted, watched, cleansed, and adorned in the Manner by the said Act directed, and the said Debts discharged, without the further Aid of Parliament; and that the Provisions made by the said Act

for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preserving due Order in the said Square, are, in some Respects, insufficient for those Purposes, and require Amendment and Enlargement: And therefore praying, on Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors, and Inhabitants of Houses in the said Square, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and enlarging the Powers thereof, and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are Peit'i' iV &C* thereunto fublcished, Callicoe Printers, Artists, De-

signers of Drawings, Engravers, and others, Proprie-

tors of Original Patterns for printing Linens, Callicoes, Cottons, and Mufiins, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragcment of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by veiling " the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, " and Proprietors, for a limited Time;" and that the said Act has been found by Experience to be useful and beneficial, and is near expiring; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Act perpetual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Newnbam and Mr. Alderman WatJcn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

w..;k r.eton A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

I'-'aon' thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of the several Open fields, Failures, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Wood Lands, herein after mentioned,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish o in the Fall Riding of the County of York, certain Open Fields, Pastures,

Commons, Waste Grounds, and Wood Lands, computed to contain, in the Whole, about 3*450 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Pennyman and Sir Chrijhp Sykes do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing Frederick Samuel Secret*

otherwise called Samuel Frederick SeCretan, was read a Emitted. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Le Mejuricr, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Edward Mechenifeoetf Henry Arthur, Earl of Poivis, Lord of the Manor of Dina^lnck.-Mechen IJcoed, in the County of Montgomery, the hum- sure Petition, ble Petition of John Kynaston, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Plas y Dinas, in the said County, and also

of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manors, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors, several Open Common Fields, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotment* thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the said several Purposes, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Mr. Mojlyn Owen do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Ledbury Execution an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the R°»d*P«>-Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Terms t,0D* of several Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromejberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and through Corje Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worcester, and of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto severally subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, for which Purpose the Trustees have been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, the greater Part whereof stili remains due; anc^ that the Money borrowed, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied to the Purposes of the said Act, but, as the subsisting Term of the said Act is near expiring, the Remainder of the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, without the further Aia of Parliament; and Representing to the House, That, as the several Roads directed to be repaired by the said

29 Geo. III. 130 — 14'

said Act are divided into separate and distinct Dif-trifts, such Repair might be more conveniently and effectually carried on, and the Tolls rendered more productive, if the Tolls granted by the said recited Act were consolidated, and made One General Fund, and the Application thereof left to the general Order and Direction of the Trustees, and the Clauses and Provisions of the said Act repealed, and other Clauses and Provisions made instead thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Owen, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ro^d°p«tI Mr. IVilbraham reported from the Committee, to «ion reported, whom the Petition of the Trustees and Creditors of the Turnpike Road from to Bridge, in

the County of Chesterwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees of the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, arid found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, intituled, An Act for re-

pairing and ^widening the Road from in

of the County Palatine of to Alton Bridge,

" near Weaverham, in the same County," was read: And,

Mr. 'Thomas Chandler being examined, said, That the Trustees have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls; but that some Parts of the said Road are yet very narrow, and in bad Repair, and cinnot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, rior the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Terrh granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

And the Witness added. That the present Tolls are irirufficient for the Purposes of the Act, and it'will be necessary to augment them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terrh and Powers of an Act, paised in the Twenty-fecbrici Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of ChcJ-ter, to Aid on Bridge, near Weaverham, in the fame

County: And thrit Mr. IVilbraham and Sir Robert Sa-lusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

King'. /*> ' The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That

f««rtoAd* His Majesty, having been attended with their Address idrefs. of Wednesday\&, was pleased to receive the same very

graciously, and to give the following Answer.

Gentlemen,

I thank you most cordially for this loyal and dutiful Address.

Your warm Expressions of Congratulation, and the signal Proofs which 1 have repeatedly received of the 3

Martii. 171

sincere and affectionate Attachment of My faithful Commons, and of the Nation at large, have made an Impression eft My Mind which no Time will ever efface.

The Order of the Day, being read, for the House to Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, considerof to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Commit sioners appointed by His Majesty for holding this Parliament, and for opening and declaring certain further Causes for holding the fame, to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee*

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on whole House, to consider of the Trade between the Tra^e.With Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabit menc* tants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said report*. Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and.Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill onto*, continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy die Martii

Anno 49° Georgii IlP" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

SI R Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, Nonhombw-according to Order, a Bill to incorporate certain j^f1 g'jj Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the prefenud.'

Name

Qufen’i Answtr to Congratulatory Message.

Chclmiford Paving Petition reported*

Hinton Lane Hoad Petition

Name and Style of The Northumberland Fishery Society, And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Foley,

and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning a Capital Joint Stock, for more effectually support- next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chaining, conducing, and increasing such Fiftiery:And ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and the same was received; and read the First Time. Records.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Eveibam The Marquis of Graham acquainted the House, and Inhabitants of the Counties of and Pct"

That the Gentlemen, appointed to attend Her Majesty Gloucester, and of the Trustees appointed to put in with the Congratulatory Meftage of this House, had Execution the Trusts and Powers of the Three Acts attended Her Majesty accordingly: And that Her of Parliament under-mentioned, whose Names are Majesty was pleased to say, respectively fubfanbed, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That Three Acts, passed in Gentlemen, the Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the

I am extremely sensible of this signal Mark of Duty Reign of his late Majesty King Georgs the Second, to the King, and Attention to Me, trom the House of for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Commons. Borough of Evesham, in the County o and

The Anxiety shewn by all Ranks of People during for amending and keeping in Repair several other His Majesty’s lllness, and the Joy on His Recovery, Roads in the Counties of Warwick, and

must be a lasting Proof of the Loyalty and Affection Gloucester \ and that several Sums of Money have been of a grateful and free People. borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls, have Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to been applied in making and repairing the said Roads, whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names and discharging the other Trusts of the said Acts; and are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of that so much of the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of Chelmsford and Hamlet of Moulfoam, in the Parish of his late Majesty as related to the making of the Roads Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, was referred; Thajt in the County of Warwick, and certain other Parts of the Committee had examined the Matter of the said the said Three Acts, have been repealed by a subse-Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as quest Statute; and that the Money borrowed on the it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Credit of the Tolls granted by such Parts of the said Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Acts as are now unrepealed is still due, and the said the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Tolls are insufficient to discharge the fame, and the as followeth; viz. Interest thereof, and to keep the said Roads in Repair;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John and that the Terms granted by the said Acts, and the ‘ Tyrell, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Foot- additional Terms granted by other Laws to Turn-ways of the Streets, Passages, and Places, within the pikes in general, are of Short Duration, and many of said Town and Hamlet, are very ill paved, and not the Clauses in the said Acts are defective and inade-sufficiently lighted, cleansed, or watched, and are much quate to the Purposes of the Acts, but the said Terms incommoded by Nuisances, Annoyances, and En- cannot be extended, the Powers varied and amended, croachments, and that it would tend greatly to the nor the Debt due on the Credit of the said Tolls be Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof, and of all discharged, without the further Aid of Parliament:

Persons resorting thereto, if the said Footways were And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to properly paved, and the Streets properly cleansed, bring in a Bill to extend the Terms, and to renew or lighted, watched, and regulated. alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of the said

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Three Acts of Parliament as remain unrepealed, for paving the Footways of the several Streets, public Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Passages, and Places within the Town of Chelmsford, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-and Hamlet of Moulfeam, in the Parish of Chelmsford, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it in the County of Essex, for cleansing, lighting, and shall appear to them, to the House: watching the said Town and Hamlet, and for remoy- And it is referred to Mr. Grey, Mr. Edward Foley, ing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and En- &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning croachments therein: And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-Bullockdo prepare, and bring in, the fame. ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Worcester and Lord reported from the Committee, Cobham in-

Gloucester,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was to whom the Bill for setting out and allotting to e,ofur« Bill* presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thomas Page, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Cobham, porte "

That the Road from the Northward End of Hinton otherwise in the Parish of Cobham, otherwise

Lane, in the County of Gloucester, through that Lane, Coveham,in the County of Surrey, certain Parts of the and Sedgberrow, AJkton, Grafton, and Beckford Lanes, Commons and Waste Grounds called

unto the Cross Hands in Teddington Field, in the Parish men, and Chat ley Heath, within the said Manor and of Overbury and County of Worcester, passing along a Parish, as a Compensation for enfranchising the Copy-deep and miry Soil, through the several Parishes of hold Estates held of the said Manor, and extinguifii-Hiutonon the Green, Ashton Underhill, and Beckford, in ing certain other of his Manerial Rights within the

the County of Gloucester, and extending in Length said Manor, was committed; That the Committee had F.ight Miles, is much out of Repair, and dangerous to examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Travellers: And therefore praying, That Leave may Ploufe, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Road Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com-a Turnpike Road, and keeping the same in Repair, in mittec had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-lloufc shall seem meet. cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the tisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Estates assessed to the Land Tax at the Annual Value amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it of £.42; and that the Whole of the Estates, entitled shall appear to them, to the I louie: to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be

set

2p Geo. III. 14 0 173

set out and allotted, are assessed to the Land Tax at hour, and the Tame may be kept in a proper State and the Annual Value of £.2,655. 10 j.); and that the Com- Condition, and rendered fa fe and commodious, at a , mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several much less Expence than the present Duties imposed Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, imported to report to the House; and he read the Report in his into, and exported from, and upon all Ships and Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Vessels coming into, and going out of, the said Har-Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the hour; and that, previous to bringing in the said Bill, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then the Petitioners obtained Leave of the House, and a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- catifed a Bill to be brought in, for a Reduction of tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the the Duties payable to the said Harbour, which was House. ( read a Fitft Time, and, on Petition, Counsel was

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ordered to be heard on the Second Reading thereof, ingrossed. which (lands for the 19th of this Instant And

therefore praying, That all further Proceedings on Rerort from - Mr. Neville reported from the Select Committee, the said Bill for continuing the Duties may be EiessionCom- appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe- suspended, until the Merits of the Petitioners Bill for mittee,respect- tition of George 'Tierney, Esquire; and also, the Petition reducing the said Duties shall be heard and deter-inga witness of George Jackson, Esquire, severally complaining of mined on by the House, and that they may be heard, ricaied.preTa" an undue , Election and Return for the Borough of by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill for Colchester, in the County of Essex, and also complaining continuing the Duties, and that the same may not pass

that the said Return was not a Return of a Member to into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such serve in Parliament; That he was directed by the other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall Committee to acquaint the House, that John Malby, seem meet.

being called as a Witness before them, had grossly , That the said Petition do lie upon the

prevaricated in giving his Evidence, and that he had Table, until the Bill to amend and render morse disobeyed the Order of the said Committee, to pro- effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the duce to them the public Books of the Parish of Saint Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Peter, in the said Borough of Colchester, he being *« erecting Piers and other Works for the Security Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, and having " and Improvement of the Harbour of the said Books in his Custody or Power, and therefore cc in the County of and for keeping the same in that the said Select Committee had, according to the " Repair," be read a Second Time; and that the Pe-Power given them by an Act passed in the last Session titioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the further against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, think fit.

" or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at committed the said John Malby to the Custody of the the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Serjeant at Arms attending this House. said Petition.

Ordered, That the said John Malby, having grossly prevaricated in giving his Evidence before the Select Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do make the Committee, appointed to try and determine the Me- Report from the Committee of the whole House, to rits of the Petition of George ‘Tierney, Esquire; and whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made also, the Petition of George Jackson, Esquire, severally upon Thursday last, That a Supply be granted to His complaining of an undue Election and Return for Majesty.

the Borough of Colchester,in the County of EJfexand Mr. Secretary at War accordingly reported from

also complaining that the said Return was not a Re- the said Committee, the Resolution which the Corn-turn of a Member to serve in Parliament, and also, mittee had directed to be reported to the House; having disobeyed the Order of the said Committee, to which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered produce to them the Books of the Parish of Saint in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; Peter, in the said Borough, of which Parish he is and is as followeth;

Overseer of the Poor, do, for his said Offences, (land Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms That a Supply be granted to His Majesty. attending this House. The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth accordingly. . agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That

a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Petition a- A Petition of the Commissioners of the Harbour of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-to'amend the New Sborebam,in the County of Sussex, and of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

N^shorehem Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Shopkeepers, Far- House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Ma-Harbour Act* mers, and others, whose Names are thereunder written, jesty. residing in, and trading to, from, and within the Port

of New Sborebam aforesaid, was presented to the Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners His Majesty’s Command,

observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, to Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and amend and render more'effectual an Act, made in the other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th 1788 to 24th

for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security December 1789, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And and Improvement of the Harbour of New. Sborebam, also,

in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in Repair; and Representing to the House, That the said the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Harbour is at present in as good a State and Condition tar, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 1789, as it has usually been in for many Years last past, and both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also, is sufficiently safe and commodious for the Trade of Estimate of the Charge of the General and General the Country, and the continuing to collect the Duties Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1789: imposed by the said Act is an useless and unnecessary And also.

Burthen upon the Trade of the Country, as well as Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light upon all Persons resorting to and using the said Ha'r- Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service Vol.XLIV. Yy in

Report from Committee on the Motion for Supply.

Committee of Supply ap* pointed.

Eft'fnatesprt*

fented.

Guards anti Gainions.

Forces in the Plantations.

General and General Staff OtEceis.

Troops in East India.

Additional! to Troop* in East India.

Allowance* to the Paymaster General, See* Sic.

Full Pay to

Supernumerary Officers.

D*.

Difference between British and Irish ElU-

bliffimcnu.

174 140 Mar tit. A. 1789.

in East India, for the Year 1789, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Additionals to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East , and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 15th December 1788 to 24th December 1789, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Mutters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of the Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1789: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 1789, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of the Regiments

and Companies therein mentioned, for fevera} Periods between the 25th December 1787 and 24th December 1788: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between Difference the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Regi- tw"" ments of Foot serving in North America and The West bliflunent*. *" Indies, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 1789, both "inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances Half Pay. to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1789: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Al- d». lowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1789: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced d°. Officers of the late Scotch Brigade,' in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1789: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea chelfra Out-Hospital, for the Year 1789: And also, Penfiooer*.

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of cheifealn-Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Pensioner*. Hospital, for the Year 1789: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to widow* Pen-the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year fion*.

1789: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs Scotch Road* of the Military Roads and Bridges in North,

for the Year 1789, approved by Lieutenant General Mackay, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces there.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth;

ESTIMATE

o

eg'

« — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

n

CORPS.

C First Regiment of Life Guards — Horse. Second Ditto — - —

(. Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto — —

Third Ditto — - —

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons —

Lieutenant General —

Lord Southampton's — —

Lord Howard's — —

Lieutenant General — -

Dra-

goons.

Light

Dra-

goons.

Sir Henry Clintons — Lieutenant General Pitt’s < General Hodgfons — I Lord Heathfield’s — fMajor General Harcourt's

O*

First Regiment of Foot Guards Guards, \ ColdjlreamDitto -

Third Ditto —

Number*.

234

3*9

336

225

225

225

225

226

225

225

225

225

225

225

225

1,649

1,058

1,058

785

3.037

3.765

ay of ComTnrflioo, I [on-Commissioned < fficers, and Private Men, ChaTge of Clothing jf Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men, Agency. Allowances to Cap. :ains, PavmaAer», Sur* geons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. T 0 T

— - 20,394 9 a

— — ~ — — — — 20,151 2 6

— - — 26,054 l8 4

,5»29I *5 3 1,712 5 — 339 — 4i VA 00 1 1 17,901 — 7i

10,486 *5 3 1,141 IO — 228 12 2 372 12,128 17 5

10,486 *5 3 1,141 IO 228 12 2 371 12,228 17 5

10,486 *5 3 1,141 IO 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

10,486 *5 3 1,141 IO — ►3 CO 12 2 37* 12,228 17 5

10,523 5 3 1,147 16 9i 228 *9 372 12,272 I 9i

10,486 *5 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

10,486 *5 3 1,141 IO — 228 12 2 37a 12,228 17 5

10,486 *5 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

10,486 *5 3 1,141 IO 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

10,486 *5 3 1,141 IO — 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

10,486 *5 3 1,141 10 — 228 12 2 CO 13 1 1 12,228 17 5

10,486 *5 3 1,141 IO 228 12 2 372 12,228 17 5

__ - — 46,153 2 —

— - — 49.931 *7 IO

r 29,986 ia IO

66,600 10 —

164,690 14 —

106,071 12 8

tJr\

i9 Geo. III. 14° Marin.

CORPS.

I oot.

"Major General Gordon'% —

General Arinjlrcng's —

Major General Piclo —

Lieutenant General —

Major General O'Hara's —

Major General Grenv —

Earl of Harrington' —

Lieutenant General Clarke's —

Earl Cornwallis's — —

Lord Frederick Cavendish's —

Lieutenant General Fletcher's — Sir Robert Pigct'% — . —

Sir Robert BoyeTs — —

Sir George OJborn's — —

Major General MeNas —

Lieutenant General Rainsford's —

_ Lieutenant General Grant's —

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

D

cq'

i — Ih

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

o

o

fT

w

05

s

H

m

Thirty-six Independent Companies of Invalids

Garrisons with Fire and Candle — —

For Recruiting His Majesty’s Forces for the Year 1789, upon Account — —

Contingencies, upon Account — —

Total —

War Office, 14th March 1789.

ibera.

7 >939

1,620

302

17,448

Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men.

8,505

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

6

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

5t

7t

71

7

74

74

74

7

74

74

7

74

74

7

7

7

74

27,077 8 9

310,643 17 51

1»35I

1>3SI

G351

*>35I

G351

G351

*>35*

*»35I

*>35I ,»35I I»35I *>351 I»3SI G351 G351 *>351

2

2

2

2’

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

51

55

5*

Si

Si

s

si

5

51

Si

si

Si

s

S

s

si

5

2,299 10 — 782 2 2 {

41,467 j 5

Agency.

182 181 181 181 181 181 181 181 181 181 181 181 181 181 181 181 181

Allowances to Captains. Pay master%Surgeons. Riding Masters, and Serjeants.

74

34

34

3t

31

34

34

34

34

34

54

34

34

34

34

34

34

866 17 —

7,037 6 11

TOTAL.

540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15

2,880 — 55 —

ON

17,149 15 —

IO>579

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

6

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

29,592 6 q\

T* L'

177,646 12 IO

33>,23 *5 9 30,429 8 10

40.000 — —

20.000 — —

638,562 14 1

Geo. Tonge.

I40 Martii. A. 1789.

g

(O'

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o§

FT

o

r*

CORPS.

Lieutenant General Hall’s Regiment of Foot Lieutenant General Baugh’s —

Sir Robert Murray Keith’s —

Lieutenant General Douglas’s —

General Grame’s — —

Major General Roy’s — —

Sir John Dalling’s —

Sir Heitor Munro’s — —

Lieutenant General Elp —

Lieutenant General Frederick's —

'Lieutenant General Campbell's —

Royal American Regiment —

Major General Gunning's —

Lieutenant General Gas — Lieutenant General Maxwell Browne's

4 Batt"* —

GARRISONS; fe,

Quebec, Montreal, Nova Scotia, New , Cape Breton, St. John’s

in Newfoundland, Placentia in D°, and St. John’s Island —

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincents, and Dominica — — —

Officer* serving with the Forces in North America and the West Indies — Officers of Hospitals serving in North America and the West Indies —

N

N

GIBRALTAR. Lord Adam Gordon’s Regiment — .

Lieutenant General Jones’s — —

Lieutenant General Smith’s —

Sir John Sebright’s — _

Lord George Lennox’s — —

Earl of Rojs’s __ —

Sir Thomas Wilfcn's _ _

Sir David Lind/ay’s __ __

General Lambton's —

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c. Contingencies upon Account —

H

— 2nd Batt" —

s

Total —

War Office,

14th March 1789.

Numbers.

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Com mill ion ed Officers, ami Private Men.

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

1,869

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

467

8,407

4.203

12,610

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

3.1.7*

8.368

8.368

8.368

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

16

4

4

4

71

71

71

7!

71

7

71

7 1

71

71

7

S

7-

71

71

8,128

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

8.368

6

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

Clothing of Non-ComrrufTj'jned Officers and Private Men.

81 71 71 71 7! 7

71

71

71

225,941 4 10;

Gao, Tonga,

,»3S*

1 >3 51

*.35*

*.35*

*>35*

*.35*

*.35*

*.35*

1 »J51

*35*

*.35*

5.404

*>35*

*»351

*>35*

*.35* *»3S* *.35* *.35* *.35* *.35* *»3S 1 *.35* *.3S*

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

9

2

2

2

51

Sx

5t

5t

51

51

51

5*

51

5l

5;

9

5t

5t

Sx

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

5i

55

5*

5*

51

5;

5i

Si

Si

36,480 5 9

Agency.

l8l

181

181

181 181 181 181 181 IS I 181 181 7*8 181 181 181

11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11

7 11 11 11

31

3t

3

3t

3x

3:

3t

3t

.It

3t

3x

8

3t

3t

3t

*79

181

181

181

181

181

181

181

181

8 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11

8t

3x

3*

3t

3i

3i

31

34

34

Allowances to C tp-ta.ns.to P.iymufteis. to burgeons, and to Serjeants.

4,902 4.

'i

0»

540 15

540 15 540 15 54° 15

540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 2,163 — 540 15 540 15 540 15

540 15 540 15 540 *5 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15 540 15

14,600 5 —

TOTAL.

10,44*

10.441

10.441

10.441

10.441

10,44*

*0,441

10.441 *0,441

10.441

10.441

42,008

10.441

10.441 10,44*

*3 *3 *3 *3 *3 *3 *3 *3 *3 *3 *3 4

13 10

*3 4

*3 4

*3 4

10,199 12 10 *0,441 13 4

10.441 13 4

10,44* *3 4

10.441 13 4

10.441 13 4

*0,44* *3 4 10,44* *3

10.441 *3

188,192 — 6

5»^75 *3 8 2,195 *° 3 13,000 4 — -5,064 7 6

93.73s* *9 & 3.554 *3 *

4,500 ——

3*5>9*5 8 9-

29 Geo. III. 140 Martii.

178

14° Martii.

A. 1789.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great , for the Year 1789.

General and inclusive.

id General Staff Officers, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 1789, both 7 e

being 365 Days - 9 8 ~

War Office, 14th March 1789.

Geo. T

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for

Service in East India, for the Year 1789, oeiqg 365 Days.

t* Numbers. Charge.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1788 to 04th December 1789, both in-

dulive.

Pay - 415 10,710 12 9i

Clothing — — — 2,296 S 3i — 9l

Agency — — — — Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, 231

and Riding Mailer - 427 l6 —

Total for this Regiment ——

Lord M‘ Lead's Regiment of Foot.

Pay -r- — — — 903 — »3,970 3

Clothing - 2*453 — 4i

Agency — — — — Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Sur- wmmm 248 l6 2*

geon — — 9mm — — 752 " —

Total for this Regiment ——

Lieutenant General St. John’s Regiment of Foot.

Pay — — — — 902 — *3,7*3 - 74

Clothing - 2,453 — 4i

Agency - — 246 10 6

Allowances, as above — — — — 752 — —

Total for this Regiment ——

General Trapaud's — — the same — 902 — _ —

Major General Murray's — the same Major General Medows’s — the same — 902 — — —

— 9P2 — — —

Sir Archibald Campbell's — the same Colonel Abercromby's — the same — 902 — —

— 902 — — —

Colonel Mujgrave's — the same — 902 — _ —

Colonel Marsh'% — — the same 90* 8,129 " ~~l

Total — 8,534. — *c-

TOTAL.

13*665 14 *ol

*7»423 17 9*

17,164 II 64

17,164 II 64

17,164 II 64

17,164 II 64

17,164 II 64

17,164 II 64

17,164 II 64

17,164 11 64

168,406 5 —

War Office, 14th March 1789.

Geo. Tenge.

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in the Year I78r, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United " Company of Merchants of £»£/ /trading to the Eaj &c." the Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent or to be sent to the East Indies on the Requisition of the said Company. This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only: And, as it will be necessary to provide for the SubGstence of the Additionals recruiting for the Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose the Sum of £ 11*435- 12. 101 which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

a ESTIMATE

14° Martii

179

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additionals to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in Zaft India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 17*18 to 24th December 1789, both incluhve, being 365 Days.

Non ben. Charge*

Sir Willia mHowe's Regiment of Light Dragoons.

Pay of Additionals - 8 368 4 — 1

Clothing - — — 44 *4 4!

Agency - 3 Si

Total — _ _ mmmm _ 416 6 *0*

Lieutenant General St. John's Regiment of Foot, One Com-

pany.

Pay of Commi (Honed, Non-Commissioned Officers,

and Private Men — — — — 54 — 968 19 10J-

Clothing for Non-Commissioned Officers, and Pri-

vate Men - — . *97 8

Agency - — *9 *4 5

Allowance to the Captain — — t — — — 3® 5 -

In all for One Company — _ _ 1,224 7 4

General Trapaud’% Regiment -r» the same — — 54 — — . — *,*24 7 4

Lord Me Lead's Regiment — the same — — 54 — . — — *,224 7 4

Major General Murray's — the same *«- — 54 — — i — 1,224 7 4

Major General Medows's — - — the same — — 54 — — — 1,224 7 4

Sir Archibald Campbells — the same — — 54 — — — 1,224 7 4

Colonel yiberermby's — — the same — — 54 — — — 1,224 7 4

Colonel Mujgravt'% — — the same — — - 54 — — — 1,224 7 4

Colonel Marsh'% — — the same — — 54 — — — 1,224 7 4

486

Total — 494 " ' 1 £. llA3S* *of

War Office, 14th March 1789.

Geo. Tange.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces} to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army} of the Amount of Exchequer Feea to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account of the Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1789.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks,

Fees at the Exchequer — —

Secretary at War, Deputy, Clerks,

Commillary General of the Musters, and Ditto Judge Advocate General — —

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army

17,712 10 —

12,000 — —

9.977 S 4,482 — 10 2,289 5 9

5.103 ——

Total for Offices — *

Poundage to be returned to the Infantry on Account —

Total —

51,564 ——

U.479 5 —

63,043 5 —

War Office,

14th March 1789.

Gao, Tonge.

ESTIMATE

i8o

14° Martiu

A’ 17B9.

Invalids.

41st Regiment of Foot, or Invalids.

to

Voted for this Service in the Estimates of the Year 1788 —

Remains to be provided for — —

1 Captain - —

1 Major and Captain ——

1 f 1 Major and Captain __ — 260 — 6

2 Captains — — each £.173. 7- — 346 14

13 Lieutenants — — each 80. nj. 242 13 91

849 8 31

Agency — — 21 4 8f

‘ 1 Lieutenant Colonel 292 2 -1

1 Major — — — — 257 14 9

6 Captains — . each 171. 16. 6. 1,030 r9 —

9 Lieutenants — 80. 3- 8*. 721 13 4f

- 9 Ensigns — mmmm 63- — i. 567 61

1 Adjutant — _ — 68 14 71

1 Quarter Matter _ — — 80 3

1 Surgeon — Lmm — — 68 14 71

ki Mate — — — 60 2 9t

i 3>H7 5 51

Agency — 27 18 8

J 8 Captains — each 80 . — 64O. _ —

\ 1 Surgeon — — 82. 2. 6.

722 2 6

Charge for 565 Days.

- £.

268 13 io{ 260 — 6

870 13 -t

3^97 6 7i

5,296 14 — 4,273 2 a

1,023 11 to

War Office, 14th March 1789.

Geo. Tenge.

ESTIMATE

' <^.

Horse

Grenadier

Guards.

1 Lieut. Colonel —

2 Majors — —

4 Lieutenants and Captains 2 Guidons and Captains

6 Sub-Lieutenants —

2 Adjutants —

2 Chaplains —

2 Surgeons —

2 Riding Matters —

Agent

Charge for

— — — 547 10 —

— each £. 456. 5. — 912 10 —

— 355- ,7» 6. 1,423 10 —

— 337. 12. 6. 675 s —

— 228. 2. 6. 1,368 15 —

— 173- 7* 6. 346 15 —

— 121. 13. 4. 243 6 8

— 146. — — 292

— 45. 12. 6. 91 j —

Deputy Provost Marffiall —

Dragoons.

Foot.

I Captain 1 Major

Invalids,

t Major 2 Captains Lieutenant

— each £.172. 17. 6.

41ft

Regiment of Foot, or

Invalids.

Agency

1 Lieut. Colonel and Captain 1 Major and Captain 5 Captains —

9 Lieutenants —

9 Ensigns —

I Adjutant —

1 Quarter Matter —

1 Surgeon —

1 Mate — —

each/. 171. 7. 1.

79. 19. 4.

62. 16. 7i.

Allowances f 7 Captains to I Surgeon

Agency —

— each £. 80.

L- 560 ——

82. 2. 6.

Total — —

5,900 16 8

80

25

259 6 3

345 *5 —

80 *3 6

685 14 9

*7 2 IOi

291 6 — 1

257 — n

856 15 5

719 14 —

565 9 51

68 10 10

79 l9 4

68 10 10

59 19 s*

2,967 6 —

26 6 81

642 2 6

6,005 16 8

267 19 1}

459 6

702 17 7*

3»635 *5 2!

10,871 14 iof

War Office, 14th March 1789.

Geo. Tonge,

Vol. XLIV.

3 A

ESTIMATE

182

140 Martii.

A. 1789.

Major General St of ford's Regiment of Foot, the Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men, from 25th December 1787 to 31st March 1788, both inclusive — —

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men — Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants —

Total of Charge —

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment, for the like Period —

Difference — —

Sir William Bootbby's Regiment, the same — —

Sir Robert Murray Keith's, the same — —

Sir William Erskine's, the same — — —

Lieutenant General Burgoyne’s, for the like Period, Charge as

above ——

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment, for the like Period, deducing the Pay of a Captain en Second — —

Difference — 1 —

Lieutenant General Cunningbame's, for the like Period, Charge as above ——

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment, for the like Period, deducing the Pay of a Lieutenant and Ensign en Second —

Difference — —

Four Companies of Lieutenant General for the like

Period, Pay, See. as above — — —

Clothing ——

Agency — — — . _

Allowances — — —

Paid by Ireland for these Companies —

Difference — — '

Total Difference of Charge to be made good for Six Regiments and Four Companies, from 25 December 1787 to 31st Ma 1788 — —

Lieutenant General Burgoyne's Regiment-, Pay, &c. as beforej from iff April 1788 to 24 December followinginclusive — Clothing — -» ——

Agency — — —

Allowances ——

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment, for the like Period —

Difference — —

Major General Stopford's Regiment, the same — —

Lord Say and Sele’s, the same — — —

Sir William Erskine's, the same — — —

Lieutenant General Cunningbame's the same — — -

Major General Tonyn’s the same — — —

Lieutenant General Maitland's the same — —

Total Difference of Charge of Seven Regiments from ift April 1788 to 24th December following —

Total Difference to be made good —

Number of Days. Charge of Pay, &c. Difference.

98 2,246 16 41

— 3 SO8 9

— 48 4 1

— 144 16 1 'a

— 2.790 5 3r

— 2,290 17 74. 499 7 8

— — 499 7 8

— — — 499 7 8

1 ’ — — 499 7 8

— *>79° 5 3t *

— 2,248 — 31 j r i/i #

542' 5 —

2>79° 5 3t

— 2.255 3 74-

535 8

' _* 866 7 3 -I

— 150 18 44.

— 19 1 10

— 59 i4

1,096 1 8

— 968 16 —

- 127 5 t

r 3,202 3 —

269 fr,r44 7 24.

— 958 6 9

— 131 16 6

—— 39S l9 u

7,630 10 44-

— 6,801 17 4

— 828 13 — 4.

828 13 — 4.

— 828 13 — 4.

— 828 13 — 4.

— 828 13 — 4.

— 828 13 — 4-

828 13 — 4.

— — — 5» 800 11 ^4.

" £ 9^002 14. 3*

Lord

14° Ma

Lord Say and Seles Regiment, from 15 January 1788 to 31st March following. Pay, &c. — —

Clothing ——

Agency — — ' "

Allowances — "* — —

14

[aior General Tony ns Regiment, the same — ieutenant General Maitland's* the fameg to eneral Cary's Regiment, fronri 25 77 __

January 1788 inclusive. Pay, __ —

Clothing _ — —

Agency " — —

Allowances ""

iVallh's Regiment, from 25th December 1787 ^'^V^ -Tss^nc.ufvc, Pay, to _

Clothing — .

Agency " —

Allowances

by Britain -r

Total of Charge to be defray

r she forces serving __

3„theEfti?»"ofthl!

year r?®8 . thf plantations:

cn the

*- %j;

».79° \ f, __ 3.79° 5 _

Ktia% the'fa*®

r/J Murray*’

Total already voted

Retnalnsto-P

xxrar OlBcC» l4th i* ‘7

183

Number of Day*. Charge.

1 11n 1 -Jf

77 1,765 7 2

— 275 6 11

— 37 >7 6

— ‘ 113 15 6

2r 48I 9

75 ,0i

_ 10 6 7t

— 3« — 7t

37 848 5 & 132 6 2t

18 4 —

— 54 »3 5

— 8,758 14 9

- .' 5>58o 10 7

— £

— ,

Difference.

2,19a 7 I

2,19a 7 I 2,19a 7 I

597 18 4

1,053 9 $ 17,231 3 #

Es-riMA

Tf £

ed

14° Martii. A. 1789.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Regiments of Foot, fervingin North America and the West , from 25th December 1788 to 24 December 1789, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 365

Days. Difference.

Lieutenant General Burgoyne's Regirtient of Foot.

Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and

Private Men — — — 467 8,368 4 7t

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private

Men — — — — L351 2 51

Agency — — — — 181 11 3i

Allowances to Captains, Surgeon, Paymaster, and

Serjeants - 540 15 —

10,441 13 4

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment — . — — 9,263 14 9

1 1,177 is 7

Major General Stopford’s, the same — — 467 — — 1,177 »8 7

Lieutenant General Leslie’s, the same — — 467 — 1 1,177 18 7

Sir William Erjhine’s, the same — — — 467 1,177 18 7

Major General Adeane’s, the same — — — 467 — 1,177 18 7

Major General Tonyn’s, the same — — 467 1,177 *8 7

Lieutenant General Maitland’s, the same — — 467 — — 1,177 18 7

Total Difference to be made good — — 3*269 - 1- 8,245 10 1

War Office, 14th March 1789.

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1789.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1788 to the 24th December 1789 inclusive Allowance to One Officer of the Reduced Horse — — 45 12 6 For Allowances to Five Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at £. 10 per Annum — __ — ^0 — — For Allowances to Eleven Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 d. per Diem each — — 117 2 1 V *72,787 5 5

212 14 7

I- 173,000

War Office, 14th March 1789.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

American Forces, for the Year 1789.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for 365 Days, from the 15th December 1788 to 24th December 1789, both Days inclusive — —

Allowances to Officers of D’ per Annum — . — — —

In all, for 1789

5,092 10

4>9®7 *0

60,000 — — i

War Office, 14th March 178$.

Geo. Tonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the

Service of the States General, for the Year 1789.

For Reduced Officers of the late 1788 to 24th December 1789

Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December

3>392 *4 2

War Office, 14th March 1789.

Geo. T

Vol. XT. TV. 3B ESTIMATE

186

14° Marlii.

A \ 1789.

20,161 Out Pensioners, at c,d. per Diem, from 15th December 1788 to 24th December 1789, deducting for Pensions unclaimed £.2,771. 14. a. — —

400 Letter Men, at 1 s. per Diem each — — . ___

31 Serjeants, at $d. per Diem each — — __ __________

20,592

To the Collectors olf Ekcife for paying Out Pensioners — .

To Agents Clerks ——

To Agent of Out Pensioners per Annum — —

For Relit of a House for examining Out Pensioners — - —

From which deduct, out of Poundage on Out Pensioners

Deduct already voted on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1789 ——

In all to be made good for 1789 —

1,485

510

1,000

200

3,195 ——

1,200 -

- £

!5°>535 *7 "

7,300 ——

424 6 3

158,260 4 2

>995 -

160,255 4 *

7,842 12 3

152,412 11 11

War Office, r4th March 1789.

Geo. Tange;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1789.

Pay per Annum for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers Clothing for Ditto — — —

Salaries of Governor and other Officers —

Board Wages and Table for Ditto — —

Surgeon and Apothecary — — —

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary —

Tradesmen ——

Provisions — — —

Contingencies, and other Extraordinaries —

Deducto ut of Poundage on Out Pensioners for 1789

In all to be made good for 1789

War Office, 14th March 1789.

£ 1,266 2 4

— 911 7 5

— 3,821 9 —

493 10 —

— 1,800 — —

— 4,685

— 4,000 — —

— 8,525

" 3,800 — —

29,302 8 9

4,250

£ 25,052 8 9

Geo. T

ESTIMATE

Ordnance Estimate and Account pre luted.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1789.

Numbers. Rank of their late Husbands. Rate of Pension. Charges.

34 — — Widows of Colonels — ea. £- 50 £. 1,700

25 — — Lieut. Colonels — — 40 1,000 — —

21 — — Majors — — JO 630 — —

145 — — Captains — — — - 26 3> 77°

169 — — Lieutenants — — — 20 3*38°

129 — — Ensigns, &c. — — — 16 2,064 — —

I — Physician’s Widow — — — — 30

524 Widows for 1789 - — *2,574

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated — — — Salary of the Deputy Paymaster, per Annum — - — In all — ' 628 14 — 100 — — 728 14 — 13,302 14 —

From which deduift the following Sums already voted: On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, 1789 — D* for Marine Companies — — 2,621 t8 9 737 1* — 3>35 *o 9

Remains to be provided - 9>943 3 3

War Office,

14th March 1789. Geo.

N, B. In the 129 Widows above mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieu*

tenants. Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Matters, Surgeons, and of the Solicitor to the Foot Guards, whose Pensions arc of the same Rate as that of an Ensign’s Widow.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works, and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges, in North Britain, for the Year 17S9, approved by Lieutenant General , Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s

Forces there.

Charge of the Works, and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges, in North

Britain, for the Year 1789 — — — — /, 4,000 — —

War Office, 14th March 1789.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Aldridge presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1789 — Land Service: And also.

An Account of the Charge of the Office of Ord*

a

Geo. 5 Y

nance, for the Years 1784, 178$, 1786, and 1787, compared with the Grants by Parliament for those. Years.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followeth;

viz,

EXPENCE

1

1

188

14° Martii.

A. 1789.

JAMAICA.

For the Purchase, and other Expences, of fending a Vessel to , to replace the Floating £. d.

Magazine which blew up, and for the Value of Powder and Stores on Board, which were destroyed - ' — — 9>3o6 4 r

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1789.

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and £. d.\

Attendants, employed at the Tower — — — - 15,266 8 —

And at the following Places j viz'.

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder Inspector of Artillery at D°, and for proving Guns Superintendanc of Military Machines at D- — Hampton Court, and St. James's, Windsor, and Greenwich Woolwich ——

Vurfleet — . — —

Gravesend and Tilbury — —

Chatham ——

Upnor Castle ——

Feversham — — — .

Dover ——

Portsmouth — — —

PridJy’s Hard — — , —

Plymouth — — — _

Pry ham Point — — —

Waltham Abbey — — _

{Pendennis , Scilly Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool, wick, Carlisle, TinmCajlle, and Fort,

2'armouth, and Landguard Fort —

Guernsey — — —

JerJy ——

ljle of Alan — — —

Relit for Use of Land and Houses — —

Ber-

Hull,

1,876 5 —

1,687 l7 6 282 17 61

226 — j

57o ——

54i 5 —

255 ——

600 — — J 80 — — I

380 ——

29c — — 1

120 ----- -1

814 15 — I 170 —

644 15 — I

17° ----- -1

523 >7 6|

430 ——

448 2 6|

448 2 6|

166 ——

554 17 —

£. s. d.'

M U

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service —

£.26,546 2 6|

13A73 3

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers, at -

North Britain — —

Gibraltar — —

Jamaica — —

Antigua — — —

St. Christopher — —

Dominica — —

Bar bad es — —

St. Vincent —

Grenada — — -

Bahama Islands — —

Jhubec — —

Halifax —

New Brunswick — . _

k St John sand Placentia, in

554 10 — 1,411 7 6

292 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

474 10 — 861 15 — 662 5 —

629 12 6

1,277 10 — Pay

14° Martii.

Pay of Matter Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles - —

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Pottage of Letters, and other Contingencies - —

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages in the several small Forts, Cattles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey — —

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the fame, at the several Barracks, Forts, Cattles, and Garrisons, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ~ —

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores for the common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Cleaning and repairing small Arms in the Tower — —

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment Qf Artillery, consisting of 3,730 Men, Officers s. d.

included — — — — 111,069 10 —

Pay of Bombardiers and First Gunners, still remaining on the War Efta-

bliffiment - 1,685 1 8

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Profettors, and Matters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwith - —

Establishment of Draughtfmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain and Foreign Garrisons - —

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants — Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of £.459,444. 7. 9, being the Amount of this Estimate — — —

Ordinary

- I-

EXTRAORDINARIES.

NEWFOUNDLAND.

Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Services, and Contingencies — — —

For Fuel for the Troops — — — _

For a Supply of Stores — — — __

NOVA SCOTIA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

For erecting a new Storehouse and Magazine — —

NEW BRUNSWICK.

For Current Service, and Contingencies — . —

For Current Service, and Contingencies — —

BERMUDA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies — —

BAHAMA ISLANDS.

For Current Service, and Contingencies — —

JAMAICA.

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies — —

For an additional Story to the Naval Storehouse, and a new Magazine for the Use of the Navy ——

ANTIGUA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications to protect the Naval Yard in English Harbour —

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — For a Supply of Stores ——

2.500

1.500 2,856

s. d. 16 9

2.000

1.000

1.000

5.000

1.000

6.000

1.000

4.000

189

iC*

3,416 17 6

18.000 — —

15.000 — —

4,379 4 7

6.000 — —

2.000 — — 10,402 10 —

112,754 11 8

2,327 *5 — 2,025 *5 — 20,409 10 8 920 — —

220,576 15 8

Vol. XLIV.

3 C

£. s. d. 6,856 16 9

3.000 — —

1.000 — - —

1.000 — —

600 — —

2.000 — — -

6,000 — —

12,000 — — -

ST.


190

14° Ma

ST. CHRISTOPHER.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department 1,000 For the Fortifications at Brimstone Hill — — — 4,000

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — 1,000

For a Supply of Stores — — — — 4,000

JERSEY.

Towards fortifying St. Hillier'sHill For Storehouses and Barracks —

Towards which there is asked for this Year Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers

— £.5,68813 — |

GUERNSEY.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other Places in the Island ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

SCOTLAND.

hor Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

hor the Payment of Money to His Grace the Duke of Gordon for the Pur-chile of Lands on which Fort William is situated, and adjoining thereto, amounting to 53 Acres, for which a Relit of £.70 was heretofore paid _ __ _ _

DOMINICA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department 1,000 For the Fortifications in Prince Rupert's Bay — — 6,000

For Current Serv'ce, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — 1,000

For a Supply of Stores - 3,000

BARBADOS S.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department 1,000 For the Fortifications near Bridge Town — — — 4,000

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — 1,000

For a Supply of Stores — — * — — 2,000

ST. VINCENT.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department 1,000 For the Fortifications near the Town — — — - 4,000

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — 1,000

For a Supply of Stores — — — — 2,000

GRENADA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeepers Department v 1,000 For the Fortifications near George Town ’ — — — 6,000

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — 1,000

For a Supply of Stores — — — — 3>oooo

GIBRALTAR.

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — — — 4,492

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works — 13,707

For excavating die Rock, and proceeding with the Souterrain Batteries, and their Communications — — —

Blowing and breaking Stone for Lime, Carriage of Stone, Coals, Culm,

Lime, &c. attending the KHn, and making Mortar —

For the Ordinary Repairs of the Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines ——

For Contingencies in the Engineer’s Department — —

For Contingencies in the Storekeeper’s Department —

For a Supply of Stores — — —

10

9

10

2

— 2,000 — —

— 2,000 — —

4.000 -

2.000 — —

1,800 -

10,000 — —

4.000

2.000

— 962 — 10

4,000

962

— 10

— 6,000 — —

— 2,100 — —

A\ 1789.

£ d.

10,000 — —

11,000 —

8,000 — —

8,000 — —

11,000 — —

40,000 — —

6,962 — 10

4,962 — to

8,100 — —

NORTH

i4° Ma

NORTH'EHST DISTRICT.

V

for Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

LAND G U A R FORT,.

For Repairs, fitting up Buildings, Current Service, and Contingencies —

C I N ^U E,

for Current Service, and Contingencies — — — *

CHATHAM.

For Repairs of the Lines and Barracks at Chatham and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Howness, &c. and for Current Service, arid Contingencies -r- ——

Towards the reveiirigToinnJbcnd's Redoubt — — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — — —

SHEER

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies —

GRAVESEND AND

For Repairs of the Works ——

FEVEkSHAM.

For Repairs, and for erecting Two new drying Stoves, a Building for cat rafting Salt Petre, a new Corning Housej and other Buildings, for carrying on the Manufacture of Gunpowder ——

7,95a 1 — 1,000 — — 1,924 1 8

PORTSMOUTH.

t . .

For Repairs of Old Works, and other Buildings at , and various Places in the Division ——

In further Part of the Charge for completing the Works rbund the Common — * — — *

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers For the Purchase of the Buildings belonging to Tho‘ Fitzberbertj Esqttire,-standing on the Glacis of the Works For the Purchase of the Salt Pans at T , in Harbour, and building an additional Powder Magazine Navy — —

Towards which there is asked this Year

— 3>7°3 S> 5

4,073 6 1

1,924 l 8

— 1,800 — —

er Pblnt, in Portsmouth Harbour, ") lagazine there for Use of the I

— — £ *>499 11 I

rear — — J

3,000 -

GOSPORT

In full of the Charge for completing Fort Monckton — —

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines — —

To continue the Sea Wall crested in Front of tiajlar to '

Monckton, in order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Haflar Lake, and for making the Ground equally solid in all Parts behind the said Wall — _ — — £ 12,693 18 9

Towards which there is asked for this Year — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

i,457 12 3 500 — —

3,oooo ——

1,924 1 8

PLYMOUTH.

For Repairs of the Barracks, Lines, and Citadel at Plymouth; for Repairs at St:Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw's Cadies, and

at Scilly Island, Current Service, and Contingencies — - —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — — 1

1VO

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Houses —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — — —

6,959 6 4 1,924 1 8

1,000 — 1,924 i 8

ROYAL LABORATORY. Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

IV A L T H A M ABBEY.

For Repairs, arid additional Buildings for the Powder Mills — <

i9i

c*

1,000 — — 500 — — 1,200. —

10,876 i 8 2,000 — —

i,c6o — — 8,188 6 2

14,500 17

7,8^1 13

8,883 8

2,924 1 8

2,600 — —

5,626 — —

TO fV EE*

ipt 140 A\ 1789.

TOfTER. J#

For re-building the Office destroyed by Fire — — £. 8,559 14 — Towards which is asked this Tear — — — — 5,000 —

SHIPPING.

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons — — — 2,500

REGIMEN?OF

For Contingencies - 6,000

SALTPETRE.

For the Purchase of Two hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company - 9,000 — —

Extraordinaries — 229,56 8 —

Ordinary — — 220,576 15 8

Ordinary and Extraordinaries — 45°»I38 3 *

Unprovided — 9,306 4 1

£ 459>444 7 9

G.CrawfurJ. J. Aldridge.

An

AN ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Years 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787, compared with the Grants by Parliament for those Years j

o

CQ'

r-H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

o

r

u

r

p — # <

Co

o

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, S — — - *-

’ North Britain ——

Gibraltar ——

S' Christopher (1785, 6, and 7) — —

Antigua(1785,6, and 7) — — —

Dominica(1785,6, and 7) — — —

Pay of Civil S' Vincent ——

Officers and Barbadoes (1785,6, and 7) — —

Artificers, Grenada ——

at — Bahama JJlands(1785,6, and 7) — —

New Brunswick (1785,6, and 7) — —

«!>v John’s and Placentia, in Newfoundland — — Gambia (1784) — —

Pay of Mafier Gunners in Grea/ , and of the Gunners at S7

James's Park and the Tower of London — —

Incidents at the several Garrisons in Great Britain — —

Ordinary Repairs — _ — _

Repairing, See. Barrack Bedding in the several Forts, &c. in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey — — ___

Clearing and repairing Small Arms in the Tower — —

Carr4 forward — £.

Or.ints hr Parliament* Charge of the Office of Ordnance* Sums unexpended.

Totals. Of w There is reserved for completing ti e several Service* voted, the Execution of which has been go*ng on m 17S8. rhich And the following Sum* not liable to be called for.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ j. £ J. d. £ S. d.

50,984 H — 49,7 2 3 11 1,263 10 1 — — _ 1,263 VO 1

2,219 6 — 2,160 *5 — 58 11 — — — S8 11 _

5,484-14 — 5»075 11 7 409 2 5 — — 409 1 5

949 10 — 9 49 — — — 10 — — — — 10 —

1,642 10 — 1 *355 7 9 287 2 3 59 6 3- 227 16 —

1,642 10 — 1,116 4 7 526 5 5 — 526 5 5

1,642 10 — 1,131 12 9 510 >7 3 109 10 — 4OI 7 3

1,642 10 — I>153 *5 3 488 14 9 132 6 3 356 8 6

1,642 10 — 1,226 9 416 9 3 — — 416 9 3

1,788 18 — *»373 12 6 415 5 6 114 1 3 301 4 3

1,606 — — m31 5 — 474 *5 — — — 474 *5 —

3> 412 8 — 2,830 16 7 581 11 5 — — 581 11 5

2,53° *3 — 2,013 2 6 5*7 10 6 — — 5*7 10 6

1,825 — — G340 16 6 484 3 6 — — 4S4 3 6

5>113 IO — 4,241 5 7 872 4 5 230 8 1 641 16 4

2J7 18 43 6 *" 194 12 r 194 12

*3>674 S 6 i3,l87 11 — 486 *4 6 — — 486 *4 6

72,000 — — 69,897 *4 10 2,102 5 2 — — 2,102 5 2

60,000 — — 60,000 — —

20,916 18 4 14,759 11 3 6,157 7 1 1,162 18 2 4,994 8 11

8,000 — — 7,939 14 3 60 5 9 — — 60 5 9

258,956 4 IO 242,648 7 7 *6,307 *7 3 1,808 10 — 14,499 i 7 3

Excecdings.

vo

29 Geo. III. 140 Martii.

Bro* forw* —

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers — — —

Pay of the Roy1 Reg* of Artillery — —

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors, and Mailers of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich ——

Pay of Draughtfmen — — — _

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good' Services, &c. —

Fees at the Exchequer, &c. ——

Auditors and Chief Baron’s Fees (1784 and 5) — —

EXTRAORDINARIES.

NEWFOUNDLAND. *

For Repairs, Stores, Current Service, and Fuel, for the Troops at

S‘ John's and Placentia

NOVA S

Contingencies, and Current Service, and for erecting Magazines and Storehouses — — —

NEW BRUNSWICK. Contingencies, and Current Service (1785-6 and 7)

Q

Contingencies, and Current Service —

Carr* forward

Grants by Parliament,

258,956 4 10

41*622 3 4

441,554 6 —

7,286 4 —

8,142 3 —

85,047 12 11 3,247 8 6

626 13 4

846,482 15 11

— 16,100 > — —

— I7>°59 5 9

— 2,000 — —

— 12,547 16 II

I. 894,189 18 7

Charge of the Office of Ordnance.

242,648 7 7 16,307 i7

41,600 — — 22 3

423,326 16 10 18,227 \ 9

7,268 4 1 17 »9

ON CO NO n 17 3 452 5

81,813 15 3 3>233 17

3>I27 2 4 120 6

626 13

807,474 3 4

16,634 17 6

15,095 17 7

1,258 10 11

13,072 18 3 853>53$ 7 7

Sums unexpended. *

Totals.

39,008 12 7

1,963 8 2

741 9 1

41,713 9 10

Of which

There is referred for 1

completing the several Services voted, the Execution of which has been going on in 1788.

1,808 10 —

1,808 10 —

1,963 8 2

741 9 1

4>5X3 7 3

And the following Sums not liable to be called for.

14,499 7 3

22 3 4

18,227 9 2

*7 *9 11

45 2 5 9

3>233 17 8

120 6 2

626 13 4

37,200 2 7

37,200 2 7

Vo

Exceedings.

534 17 6

525 1 4

1,059 l8 IQ

140 Marti*. A. 1789.

D

to’

i — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

Bro* forw* —

NEW YORK.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers (1784) — —

EASY FLORIDA.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers (1784) — —

Removing Stores from S' Augustine to the Bahama , at the

Conclusion of the War (1784) ——

BAHAMA ISLANDS.

Contingencies, and Current Service (1785, 6, and 7) — —

JAMAICA.

Contingencies, and Current Service, &cc. — .

WEST INDIES.

Contingencies, and Current Service, and for building Barracks, Magazines, &c. ——

EASY INDIES.

Pay of Officers and Artificers (1784, 5, and 6) — > —

GIBRALYAR.

Pay of the Company of Artificers, and for Works, Stores, Conting', and Current Service ——

B O Y A N Y BAY.

For Ordnance, Stores, and Ammunition (1787) — - —

JERSEY.

For the Works, Contingencies, &c. — — —

GUERNSEY.

For the Works, Contingencies, Jcc, — — —

Carr" forward — £

Grants fcf Parliament*

894,189 18 7

81 18 —

657 9 —

4>345 5 —

4,000 — — 7,900 ——

33>393 — —

512 8 —

120,712 1 — 2,098 12 10 5,100 — — 8,500 — —

1,081,490 12 5

Jt

Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

Totals. Of v> / There is reserved for completing the several Services vo.edj the Execution of which has b-en going on in 178S. rhich And the following Sums not liable to be called for.

853*536 7 7 41,713 9 10 4*5*3 7 3 37,200 2 7 1,059 *8 10

68 8 9 *3 3 — — *3 9 3

478 19 — 178 10 — — — 178 10 —

5*4^5 5 " — — — — 1,080 — —

10,828 12 8 - — 6,3 28 12 8

8,259 6 - — — 359 6 —

46,062 14 9 ‘ - — 12,669 *4 ¥

167 14 8 344 13 4 344 13 4

118,330 7 1 2,381 13 11 2,381 13 11

2,098 12 10

4*33° 18 5 769 1 7 769 1 7

7,692 XI TO 807 8 2 807 8 2

x,°57»279 18 7 46,208 6 1 8,816 4 3 37,392 1 10 21,997 12 3

29 Geo. III. 140 Martiu

Bro* forw1* — £. i,

SCOTLAND.

Repairs of the several Forts, Castlesj and Barracks, Contingencies, and Current Service ——

NORTH EAST DISTRICT.

For Repairs, Current Service, &c. (1785, 6, and 7) — —

LAND GUARD FORT.

For Repairs, Current Service, &c. — — —

r A R MO UT h:

For Storehouses, Curr* Service, &c. — — —

CINQUE PORTS.

Contingencies, and Current Service (1785,- 6, and 7) — . —

FEVERSHAM.

For Repairs, building necessary Works, and for Implements at the Royal Powder Mills (1784, 6, and 7) — - —

SHEER NESS.

For Repairs, Contingencies, &c. — — - — "

CHATHAM.

For Repairs, and Contingencies — — —

For the Redoubts and Lines — — —

GRAVESEND and TILBURY.

For the Works and Repairs — — —

WOOLWICH.

For the extraordinary Expences at the Laboratory — —

For re-building the Wharf (1787) — — —

For Repairs of the Barracks, &c. ——

- £-

Carrd forward

IO

Charge of tho Office of Ordnance.

I,°57»279 18 7

18,361 9 J

2,246 6 2

4»9H 7 5 839 10 9 3,29a 6 4

6,279 11 8

4»73° 3 2

9,779 »o *

12,607 x7 8

3>388 3 2

6,170 3 3 3,200 ——

I>133>°87 7 6

Sumt unexpended.

Of which

Totals. There is reserved for completing the several Services voted, the Execution of Which has been going on in 178S. And the following Sums not liable to be culled for.

46,208 6 1 8,816 4 3 37,392 *o

253 13 10 253 13 10

\ 219 6 7 219 6 7 '

613 9 3 613 9 3

5,723 7 2 5,723 7 2

198 16 10 198 16 10

__ r mmmm w - —

— —

1,809 11 — 1,809 11 —

2,673 9 10 3,230 2 — 3,230 2 — 2,673 9 10

60,930 2 .7 20,864 IO II 40,065 11 8

Exceeding*.

21,997 12 3

1,500 9 3

290 6 4

522 10 1

371 17 8

so

Os

24,682 15 7

I40 Martii, A. 1789.

p

CQ

— h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

n

r

Grants by i'ailumcau

Bro* forw*

X.

',69,334 14 t

PORTSMOUTH.

For Repairs, and Contingencies in the Division — For improving the Works at Cumberland Fort —

For inclosing the Dock — — —

For Repairs of Lump's Battery (1786)' — —

For Repairs of Eastncy Battery (1786) — —

For re-buikling South Sea Castle(1786) ' — —

For re-building the Two Bridges at Land port Gate (1787) For the Purchase of Lands (1787) — —

GOSPORT.

26,167 — ' —

15.000 — —

26.000 — —

»>97» l3 -

3.232 — 7

5,000 ——

3,200 ——

6,259 8 "

Ul

' w

For Fort Motscktca . — — —

For the SeaWall at IFJlar llojpital — — — >

There has also been received from the Navy on this Account —

For Repairs of the Breakwaters between Blockbouse Fort and

llojpital(1787) ——

For Repairs of Barracks and the Lines (1785, 6, and 7) —

For necessary Repairs at the Lines at and Priddy’s

Hard (1786) ——

For Repairs of Bloekhouse Fort(1786 and 7) — —

40,000. — ~

3.000 ——

2,75° —

2,455 ——

3.000 ——

5.000 ——

1,054 19 —

Carr1* forward

>313>424 15 *

S^ais unexpended. Exceeding?.

Totals Of V Th tc U r f'-rvcJ for con Im»m^ the lev-til S rviers vo cd. the Execution of which has hceii going on* ui 171$. ^hich A^d the so’t u ine Sums n >. l:„Me to t»c called for.

6.,y30 2 7 20,064 i° 40,065 11 8 24,682 15 7

ON * V*> d 10,455 4 9

12.618 3 9 12,618 3 9 ,

6,40912 7 6,409 12 7 #

1.971 13 — i.97f 13 — *

3.231 — 7 3.23^ — 7

5,000 5,000 — —

2,568 16 2 2,568 16 2

- 40 1 —

J "

742 16 11 742 16 11

2,45s 2,455 ——

— . — — — . — '' 343 — 4

5,000 5,000

836 11 3 836 11 3

112,220 I 7 '72,154 9 n 40,06 5 11 b 25,065 10 u


29 Geo. III. 140

Bro* font* —

PLYMOUTH

For Repairs, Contingencies, &c. in the Division — —

For necessary Repairs at the Lines (1786)1 — — —

For the Purchase of Lands (1785) — — —

For Magazines at Keybam Pointy and Redoubts on Heights -

For Repairs at the Citadel, S* NichoIfland, and Batteries at the Entrance of Hamoaze (1786) — — —

For the Purchase of Lands at Plymout, , and Gosport —

ISLE OF MAN For Repairs, and Current Service — — —

SHIPPING.

For the Hire of Transports (1784) — — —

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY.

For Contingencies ——

For relieving the Artillery in Foreign Garrisons (1785, 6, and 7) -

NORTH AMERICA.

For Staff, and Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery (1784) —

WALTHAM ABBEY.

For Current Expences (1787) — —

For Small Arms For Stores

For Salt Petre

Total Land Service, Carr4 forw4

NO

00

Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sams ones pended. Exceeding

Total* Of There it referred for completing the several Services voted, the Execution of which has been going on in 1788. rhich And the following Sums not liable to be called for.

I 1,026,270 10 5 112,220 I 7 72,154 9 11 40,065 11 8 25,065 »6 11

18,934 6 6 __ _ 4,286 6 6

9 694 I 9 694 1 9

10 2,761 19 4 - 7 12 6

— 3,692 4 8 10,056 7 4 10,056 7 4

8 — — 2,079 13 8 2,079 13 8

n 33,890 16 4! . - — — 3

— 745 — 454 18 — 454 18 —

6 8,571 6 10 - ' — *75 *7 4

*5*39° 7 11 ~ — — — . — 5*39° 7 *

W 8,970 6 5 1 1 3,970 6 5

1,262 17 — ! - — 396 11 6

- i,35° *6 4 — — — —; - - 1,350 16 4

— 9,229 6 5 12,864 4 7 12,864 4 7

4 , *6,715 7 7 *>*57 5 9 *>*57 5 9

— 9,000 — —

*tf66,785 7 9t 149,526 12 8 109,461 t — 40,065 11 8 40,643 16 8

14° Martii* A. 1789.

u

eg'

r — H

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o

0§

FT

Total Land Service, Bro* forw4

SEA SERVICE.

Salaries and Rents — _ —

Halifax — — —

Jamaica — — __

Kinfale — — — *

Contingencies of the Laboratory —

Ordnance, and Stores _ —

Powder — — _ _ —

Freight ——

Repairs of Buildings — — —

Incidents at the several Out Ports —

Salt Petre ——

Total Sea Service

Total Land and Sea Service

Grants by Charge of the

Parliament* Office of Ordinance*

- / 1,475,668 3 9! *366,785 7 9r

49»7i* 3 6

— — 1,664 17 9

— 6,369 — 5

— — 1,101 16 2

— — 6,178 — . 10

— ► 218,000 — — 58,290 — 7

— — 11,156 19 9

— — *9*3*4 *9 *

— 8,775 *4 6

— — 86,473 4

— „ *3,500 — —

- 218,000 — — 262,546 4 9

- z. 11*693,668 3 9t *629,33* »a 6£

Sums unexpended.

Totals,

*49,526 is 8

Of which

There is referred for completing the several Services votedj the Execution of which has been going on in 178S.

109,461 1 —

109,461 1 —

Note. — That in the above Head of Charge of the Office of Ordnance there are included sundry Debentures which are not yet paid, there being Claims 00 the several Persons to whom they are made out, which are not yet settled j these Debentures amount to —

And there is also included in the said Charge the Sums edimated to be due on Warrants and Orders iiTued for the Supply of Stores, &c.; which amount to - — —

Besides the above Grants, the following Sums have been received by the Treasurer i vn'. — — —

On his voluntary Account Cash recd to vacate Imprefts

O

3

W

H

»-♦

O

2!

CO

Deduct — The Amount of the Voluntary Account which is included in the Account of Debt to 31 1783 —

Office of Ordnance, 14th March 1789.

And the following Sums not liable to be called fur.

40,065 11 8

40,065 11 8

L‘ d.

4,087 15 4 12,476 10 8

Land. GO

jC* * 4. 63*23 9 4i. 4,074 17 10 £. s. d. 13,840 7 — 1,053 9

67,198 7 a» *4,893 8 9 14*893 8 9, I

82/391 15 n| 23.579 *3 *T

58,512 a —

Exceeding*.

40,643 16 8

44*546 4 9

85,190 I 5

VO

>o

Clerk of the Ordnance.

19 Geo. III. 14® Martii.

OBSERVATION Son the preceding Account.'

g

cq'

n"

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

The Total Sums unexpended amount to Add — Voluntary Account, &c.

Deduct — the Total Exceedings, which amount to

Total Amount unexpended — £.

Against the above Sums must be set the following Articles; wV.

The Sums reserved for the Purposes for which they were voted — which amount to The further Claims on the Year 1787, not included in those already brought to Account — which may be estimated at about — —

The Remains of the Debt to 31st December 1783 unpaid, but for which the Money has been voted — _ — — - 1 —

Balance unexpended on_ the Si tQ.the 3iftiDefm^/r i7^7 fition of Parliament

wHi

1 >

N. B. — The above Accounts are as'Chmplete as every Official In can render them j but it is possible there may' be Tome not yet appeared.

s'

109,461 1 —

1,500 ——

4,5:89 11 6

m of £ i»752>i*<p- 5* 9t> ch remains for the Dispo- — ! £

ormation at present received: ew small Claims that have

It is also to be observed, that the Debt of the Ordnance incurred during the War, as far as it could be ascertained in the Year 1785, was at that Timedischarged by Parliament j but there being '{till Tome fe\tf ourftandlTT^ Accountfe to that Period, which have not as yet been settled, it may possibly be' necessary to mak<) a future Demand for them, but it is conceived that, if any, it must be very inconsiderable.

G.' CranfurJt

Clerk, of the Ordnance.

£ & >49,526 12 8 58,512 a —

208,038 14 8 85,190 1 $

122,848 13 3

115,250.12 6

7.59s — 9

L

ioo 140 Martii. 4- 1789.

29 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

14°. — 16° Martii.

Lunce, 16° Martii;

201

Petition to A Petition of Robert Esquire, was pre-

foeMilre^of fcntec* to die House, and read; Setting forth. That ldlicoteFields, the Petitioner is seised of the Manor of in the County of Warwick, and of the perpetual Advowson of the Parish Church of Idlicote aforesaid; and that there being certain Open Fields within the said Parish, containing about 530 Acres, belonging to the Petitioner, subject only to the Payment of Tythes, and to a certain Right of Common to the Rector of the said Parish, the Petitioner did, in or about the Year 1781, agree with the then Rector that the said Fields Should be inclosed, and that a certain Annual Sum Should be made payable to the said Rector in Lieu of his said Tythes and Right of Common; and that the said Fields were accordingly inclosed, and proper Roads and Ways set out and made, by the Petitioner, through and over the fame, and the said Annual Sum was received and taken by the said Rector during his Life, and hath since been, and now is, received and taken by the present Rector of the said Parish, in Lieu of the said Tythes and Right of Common; and that the Petitioner is desirous that the said Inclosure Should be confirmed and established, and that his said Lands Should continue exempt from the Payment of Tythes, and from such Right of Common as aforesaid, and that the Payment of the said Annual Sum Should be effectually secured to the Rector of the said Parish, which would be a Convenience to the Petitioner, and of considerable Benefit to the Rector: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Greville and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mtnchester Square Bill passed.

American Trjile Bill presented.

Anno 290 Georgii Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

ABILL for altering, raising, widening, repairing, Bishop Wear.

and preserving the Road leading from the Town mouth Road of Bishop Wear mouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Norton, near , in

the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Eden, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the Improvement of Manchester Square, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the Improvement of,

within the Parish of Saint M, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Greville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Sunderland Acts, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of Road B.11 his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eom,niU Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Eden, Mr. Marjloam, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to F»verrtiam' whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, and several other of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Faversham, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Francis Perkins being examined, said, That the Streets,

Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the said Town, and the Liberty thereof, and also several Places near or adjoining, and leading into the said Town, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and that it would be of great Benefit and Safety to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like for the future. 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. XLIV.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars BkJIj, in the Turnpike Road leading from ‘Tunbridge Wells to Maresfield,in the County of Sussex, was read a

Second Time.

2 F Resolved,

Bromley Road Bill committed.

16° Martii. 1789.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

sham, Mr. Hcnywood,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afttrnoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

GoiforHGre*n -A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

committed Act, Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golf ord Greenin the Parish of to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of and from the Green near Benenden Church to the Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cro/s, in the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

/ham, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stourbridge A Bill for more effectually amending, and keeping Road* R.11 in Repair, the Roads leading from the late Market-commuic . House in Stourbridge, to Wordesley Green Gate, and to the Town of Bromsgrove , and to the Road leading from Blakedown Pool to The Cross of the Hands near Holloway Head, and to Iverley H, and to Colley Gate, and from thence to Halesowen,in the Counties of Stafford, and Salop, and for opening a more commodious Communication between the last mentioned Road and the Birmingham Turnpike Road, ax. Halesowen aforesaid; and for repealing certain Acts, of Parliament, so far as relates to the said Roads, and for amending the Road from Coalbourne Brook, through U'cllafton, to Churchill Field Corner, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord IFeJlcote, Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

York and A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed by

iWwn*0*1 an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, lf An Act for amending " and widening the Road from the City of Fork to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and from the said " Road, in Sutton Field, through towards Oul-

"ston, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the " County of York," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which has been duly applied in repairing the said Road, and dill remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Weddell, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

s*fretan'» Nat* Mr. Alderman Le Mefurier reported from the Com-Biil irpoited. m',tree, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Samuel Secretan, otherwise called Samuel Frederick -tan, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the Road County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of commute ' Ayr, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Laurie, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow,in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Laurie, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Glasgow Rokus Bill committed.

Sir Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, to Petition for whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are ‘J-'1'1 "n^Pro" thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands in the County friwRoadbTiI of Dumfries, was referred; That the Committee had reported, examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Honourable Keith Stewart being examined, informed your Committee, That the Road leading from fenarget to Wanlockhead, is in very bad Repair, and

that it would be of public Advantage if the same was properly made and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That it be an Instrutftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Corfenarget to IVanlockhcad, in the County of Dumfries.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to shcreditch whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed d»Pe-by, or in pursuance of, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of tie Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Chejlount, in the County of Hertford, and from the Watch House in Edmonton to the Market Place in Enfield, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part of the said Roads, and also, of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Neighbourhood of the said Roads; and also, the Petition of several Freeholders of the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed

him

Whatton In.

cloiurc Bill presented.

16° Ma.

203

him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the several Acts, palfcd in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, the First and Seventh Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, the Second and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Eighth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Roads, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, were read: And,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through Kingsnortcn, in the County of Worcester, and to the Upper End of Garrow Green, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bellbroughton, in the said County of Worcester, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, residing near to that Part of the said Road as lies between the Turnpike Road at Hatton aforesaid and Hockley Heath, in the said County, and the other Roads hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

Hatton Road Petition.

Mr. John Lucas Smart being examined, said, That That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, whereof the Sum of £. 5,400 now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in good Repair, and properly lighted, watched, and watered as aforesaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, some of the Tolls increased, and further and other Powers given for those Purposes. And the Witness further said, That it is proposed to consolidate all the said Acts* Then,

Mr. Charles Brown, a Surveyor, being examined,

in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing that Part of the said Road which lies between the Turnpike Road at Hatton and Hockley Heath aforesaid, and have borrowed at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls, divers Sums of Money, which are still due; and that the said Act is nearly expired, and the aforesaid Part of the said Road cannot be kept in Repair, and the Interest of the-Monies borrowed paid, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and the Act in some other Respects made more effectual; and that the Roads leading from the Market House, in the Borough

said, That he knows the Road leading from Newi/tg- of Warwick, to Henley in Arden, in the County of War-

ton Green, in the Parish of , in the County of

MiddleJ'ex, through certain Lanes or Highways called The Green Lanes, to the South Side of the New River Bridge, at or near Bowes Farm,in the Parish of

monton , that the same is greatly out of Repair, narrow in some Places, and in Part of the Year impassable for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and to all Persons having Occasion to pass through the fame, if the said Road was amended, widened, and kept in Repair.

Mr. John Rufell then confirmed Mr. Brown's Evidence. And,

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Charles Brown being further examined, said, That he knows the Road leading from the New River Bridge aforesaid, to the present Turnpike Road at Bush Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton; that the same is narrow in some Places, and greatly out of Repair, and cannot be properly amended, widened, and' kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be a great Convenience to all Persons travelling the said Road, if the same was amended, widened, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to the furthermoll Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish

wick, and from the Market House. in the Borough of Warwick to Shrewley Heath, in the said County, are in bad Repair, inconvenient for Travellers, and dangerous for Carriages, and it would be of very great public Utility, if the said last mentioned Roads were to be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers in the said Act contained, so far as relates to that Part of the said Road which lies between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton aforesaid and Hockley Heath aforesaid, and also for repairing and widening the Road from the Market House in the Borough of Warwick aforesaid to Henley in Arden aforesaid, and from the Market House in the Borough of Warwick aforesaid to Shrewley Heath aforesaid, in the said County of Warwick.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ladbroke, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according stairwell and to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several ShiPCJt in-

’ 3 0 elolure Bill

ptefcnlcd.

of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House Open Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, and in Edmonton formerly Hood, to the Market Place in Lammas Lands and Commons, Moors, and Waite Enfeld, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, Lands, within the Manors of Stanwell and Hammonds, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repeal- otherwise Shipcot, and in the Parish of Stanwell, in Ing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said the County of And the same was received;

Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of the Borough of in the County of Lincoln, and of other the Freemen and Inhabitants thereof, and also the Inhabitants of Saint Martin's

in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Bush Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County:

And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Stephenjon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing -and inclosing the Open Stamford baron, in the County of Northampton, was and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Failures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of What- That the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Cause-ten, in the County of Nottingham:And the same was ways, within the said Borough, are very ill paved,

received; and read the First Time. not sufficiently lighted, cleanled, and watched, and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. arc much incommoded by Nuisances, Annoyances,

and

Stamford Paving and Inclosure Peti turn.

204

and Encroachments, and it would tend greatly to the Safety, Accommodation, and Convenience of the Freemen and Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Causeways were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated; and that there are, within the several Parishes in the said Borough, certain Lands, Commons, and Meadows, whereon the Freemen, being Inhabitants of the said Borough, have Right of Common for their Cattle, and the said Commons, in their present State, are of very little Advantage to the Persons entitled to the Use thereof, but, it is apprehended that, if the Right of Common thereon was extinguished, and the Land fold, or let on Building Leases, a considerable Sum or Annual Income would arise therefrom, and the same might be very beneficially applied towards the Expences of improving and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Causeways, within the said Borough, and other the public Purposes before mentioned; and that it is intended to take in and inclose several Parts of the Open Common Fields of, in, and belonging to the said Borough, and several Walk Grounds and Places therein, and to allot a certain Part thereof for the Use of the Commoners, and also to light, pave, alter, and improve the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Causeways, in Stamford Baron aforesaid, and Precincts thereof, and to watch the fame, and for other Purposes, for the Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of Stamford Baron aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thjit the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George , Mr.

Cecil,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sii'iJei'* Nat, An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalization of Jacob B.ii plica. Siordetand James Lewis , was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Naturalization of Jacob Siordet and James Lewis Siordet.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pouiuirj N*t. An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalization of Lewis

Pourta’.es, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Naturalization of Lewis tales.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Renfrew Mr. Shaw Stewart reported from the Committee,

Kna.uPetition to whom the Petition of the Persons thereto subscrib-icj.ottc . ;ngj Trustees appointed by Acts of the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making and repairing the Roads leading through the County of Renfrew, or Heritors of Lands in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bill1, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the ► fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he

\ read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

1789.

it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; whereby it appeared that certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making and repairing the Roads therein described, particularly the Line of Road leading from the Village of Gorbals to Floak Bridge, by Corfbill and Cathca and from Cath-

cart to Easter Grange, by Marcbtown, Pollokfhaws, and

Neilston, and from Pollokfhaws to the Kirk of Eafi-wood, and leading from the Three Mile House to Clerkfbridge, by Paisley and Quarrel ton, and the Road branching out of the fame, and leading to Johnflcn Bridge, and also the Road from Renfrew to Greenock, by Corfhill, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and also the Road from Pollokfhaws

to Driffenbeg, by Eaflwood Kirk and and

also the Road from bl illiamwood to Eaglejhame Kirk, and also the Road from Renfrew to and also

the Road from Inchinan to Houston, and also the Road from Johnflon Bridge, by Kilbarchan, to Port Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the River of lit-chinan: Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That large Sums<of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts, and great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads; but that it will be impossible to discharge the Debts contracted, and to keep the said Roads in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

That the present Method of exading Statute Work has proved to be very inconvenient, and it would be more advantageous that the same should be converted into a Money Payment.

That it would be it further Advantage to the County of Renfrew, to allow the Commissioners of Supply to afiefs the Shire of Renfrew in an additional Sum of Money to what is allowed to be afiefled by the present Laws for building and repairing Bridges and the Passages at public F'errics, the present Assess'menC having been found to be too finall for answering these useful Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through the County of Renfrew, and the Bridge cross the River of Inchinan, for regulating the Statute Labour of the said County, and for raising an additional Assessfment for building Bridges: And that Mr. Shaw Stewart and Sir William Cnnynghame do prepare, and bring In, the fame.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, stokencWeh passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His pre- Road , Bill sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from co,!*ml*,ct,-Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enfiow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Beg-broke, to New Woodfock, in the said County, and for making, amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Cheyney Lane up Ileadingtcn Hill, to join the present Enjlow Branch of Road in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Sbotover Hill, to the said Enjlow Branch, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Dempfer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

x An

t6° Martii.

16° Martii.

205

Roxburgh Roads Bill pa fled.

Bramley Inclosurt reti*

Buckland Pin ham Road Petition*

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powets of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of "the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County.

Ordered, That Sir George Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Most Noble George Duke of Montagu, Lord of the Manor of Bramley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, and the humble Petition of Sir William Lowther, Baronet, Robert Harper, Esquire, Freeman Flower, Esquire, James John Pollard, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the Township or Chapelry of Bramley, in the said Parish of Leeds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township or Chapel-ry, several Commons and Waste Lands, containing by Estimation about 600 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are not capable of Improvement, or can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be, if the same were divided and inclosed, and speciftc Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act «« for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland ,c Dinham to the End of the Parish of Timsbury, and " also the Road from Mid/ome Norton to the End of of the Parish of Norton Saint Philip, and also the Road " from Tucker's Grave, to the Road leading from " Wellow, to a Place known by the Name of The Red " Post, in the County of Somerset," was presented to the House, and reads Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have -borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granred, which still remains dues and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, b'y such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof 5 and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Sir John,

Vol. XLIV.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at '

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber $ and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- PeafonHiii holders, and others, residing in the County of Somer- R<,a,1Petltion< Jet, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read s Setting forth, That the Road leading from Peafon Hill, in the Parish of Englishcombe, through Part of the Parishes of -

combe, Dunkerton, Camerton, Mid/omer Norton, Paulton, and Farrington Gurney, to Rush Hill, in the Parishes of Ston Easton, and a Road branching from the above at Meadyate, in the said Parish of Camerton, through Part of the Parishes of Timsbury and High Littleton, to join the Turnpike Road in the said Parish of High I4ttie ton, is very much out of Repair, and in several Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law s and that it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and other Persons residing near, or having Occasion to travel upon the said Road, if the same was properly formed and widened, and made commodious for Travellers and Carriages: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof 5 and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Sir John Trevelyan?

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Second Read-upon the 5th Day of this Instant March, for reading J"|t°r![ng,l^or a Second Time, upon Thursday next, the Bill for Tonnage altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty- ®u,ie* at _ third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ham Harbour, George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works deferred, for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 3

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Fortnight, the 3d Day of April next.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great of

Britain, attended at the Door; he was Called in; and, Rum and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account <Jf the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending Christmas 1788 i with the Duties of Customs and Drawbacks paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers; and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the East and West Ridings of the County of York, and the Town of Kingsion upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read 3 Setting forth. That there is no 3 G Communication,

Selby Bridge Petition.

L«rd Petr*’*

Petition in Favour of Selhy Bridge Bill.

Westminster fv>rtrly Prti-lion icportedy

206 i 6°Martii. . 1789*

Communication, except by Ferries, over the River Ouse, between the Ridings and Districts bounded by the said River, from the City of to the River Humber, which are upwards of Forty Miles distant from each other by Water, and near Thirty by Land} and that the Ferry over the said River at Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, called Ferry, is nearly Central, in both these Respects, between the City of York and the Humber, much frequented by Passengers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, and the only Way for the Inhabitants of several of the adjacent Towns to pass to and from their Market; and that the Passage over the said Ferry, and every other Ferry upon the Ouje, is at all Times attended with Delay, in some Seasons dangerous, and at others impassable, and, if a Bridge was eretted, at or near the Ferry, over the River O at Selby aforesaid, the same would be of great public Utility, and of effeg-tial Service to the East and West Ridings of the County of York, and the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry, over the River , at Selby aforesaid, and purchasing, from the Person interfiled in the said Ferry, his Right and Interest therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Lord

Downe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Edward Lord Petre, Baron of Writtlet in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Owner and Proprietor of a certain Ferry over the River Ouse at Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, called Ferry, and the Inhabitants of the Country on eaeh Side of the said River being desirous that a Bridge Should be erected across the fame, at or near the Ferry at Selby aforesaid, and being also of Opinion that such Bridge would be of great public Utility, the Petitioner was applied to, and consented to give up his Right and Interest in the said Ferry, in Consideration of an Annuity of £.25 being secured to him out of the Tolls of the said Bridge; and that the Petitioner is informed that a Petition is, or is about to be, presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for building such Bridge: And therefore praying. That such Bill may pass into a Law, and that the Petitioner may be secured the said Annuity of 25 out of the Tolls of the said Bridge, in such Manner as the House shall judge meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth } viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Moreland, Esquire, being examined, said. That certain Gentlemen are desirous of cflablishing a Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of, Lives and Survivorships, which they propose to be named " The ll'ejhninflerSociety for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships," and which he conceives will be of great Ufc to the Commercial Part of the Kingdom, and to th» Public in general. And he further added. That the Offices at present instituted for Insurance of Lives and Sur-vivorships, are not equal to do the Business that is re-quisite by Reason of their Limitations.

Francis Pigott, Esquire, confirms the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named* and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named "The Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships And that Sir Hogbton

and Mr. Call do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Penijion, in the County of to Salter's Brock,

in the County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, the Lord Downe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers

A Petition of John Malby was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner had the Misfortune to incur the Censure of the Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire; and also, the Petition of George Jackson, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, and also complaining that the said Return was not a Return of a Member to serve in Parliament, for having prevaricated in giving his Evidence before the said Committee, and not having produced to them, pursuant to their Order, the public Books of the Parish of Saint Peter, in the said Borough, of which Parish he is one of the Overseers of the Poor, and, in Consequence of the Committee having reported the Petitioner’s said Misbehaviour to the House on Saturday last, he is now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that the Petitioner is thoroughly fcnlible of the great Offence he committed by such Conduct, and is extremely penitent and forty for his Misbehaviour, and has sent for the said Books, which he now has got, and is ready to produce to the Committee: And therefore praying the House, That, in Consideration of the above, they will order him to be discharged from the Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the said John Malby be immediately brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his being discharged.

John Malby was accordingly brought to the Bar, where he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that 3 the

Don caller Road Bill committed*

Malby* Petition to be discharged out of Custody.

reprimanded, and discharged.

Broughton In* closure Bill reported.

29 Geo. III.

i 6° Martii:

207

the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 300 Acres; and that the Whole of the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed amounts to 2,700 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of- in India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies be-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone longing to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- from 25th 1788 to 24th December 1789, both

unto, which they had dirt&ed him to report to the inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said

of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1789, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragdons serving

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

The Urdt lu?e agreed to

Bradley Indo-fat BUI.

American Trade Bill committed.

Lower Swell

inclosure£iil

jafled.

Committee,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances tb the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the One by One; and, .upon the Question severally put Commissary General of the Mtifters, to‘the Judge thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Ac-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be compts of the Army, of the Amount of Exchequer ingrossed. Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and oa

Account of the Poundage to be returned to the In-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hclfordand Mr. fantry for the Year 1789, be referred to the said Com-Walker: mittee.

Mr. Speaker, t Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Act for dividing and inclosing certain Ings or Mea- Forces, from 25th December 1787 to 24th dow Ground, called Bradley Ings, and Two Moors or 1788, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to Commons, called Upper Bradley Common, and Lov>er the said Committee.

Bradley Common, within the Manor of Bradley, in the Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Parish of Kiidwick,in the West Riding of the County Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s

of York-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of so

far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Forces, from 25th December 1788 to 24th December 1789, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of the Regiments and Companies therein mentioned, for several Periods between the 25th December 1787 and 24th December 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments, of Seven Regiments of Foot serving in North

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit- America and Ybe West Indies, from 25th December 1788

tee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Cloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands,

to 24th December 1789, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Bri-

in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County gade, in the Service of the States General, for the Ycaf

Committee of

Supply.

Army Estimates — Estimate of Scotch Roadt tnd Bridges — ^nd Ordnance Estimate and Account referred.

of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in

1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pen-

Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th Decern- fions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Offi-ber 1788 to 24th December 1789, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1788 to

cers, for the Year 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1789, approved by

24th December 1789, both inclusive, being 365 Days, Lieutenant General Mackay, Commander in Chief of

His Majesty’s Forces there, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1789 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of the

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff" Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One

Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments Office of Ordnance, for the Years 1784, 1785, 1786,

and.

Account of Exchequer Bills ordered.

Shoreditch Roads Bill prclented.

Forfar Roads Petitions re* ported.

and 1787, compared with the Grants by Parliament for those Years, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of several Acts, paired in the last Session of Parliament, for railing certain Sums of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1788.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 17* Martii;

Anno 29* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

MR. Mainwaring presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing oads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Bush Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of sundry Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, and Justices of the Peace of the County of Forfar, in Behalf of themselves, and others; and also, the Petition of sundry Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply of the County of Forfar, in Behalf of themselves, and others, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Charles Lyell, Esquire, being examined, said,

S

That the ordinary Methods provided by the Laws of Scotland for repairing the Highways have been found insufficient for repairing and upholding the principal Roads leading through the County of Forfar, which are become so deep and ruinous in many Places that Travellers cannot pass without great Danger.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Charles Lyell, Esquire, being examined, said,

That the Powers granted by Law relative to Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, and the Services thereby authorized to be exaCled in Scotland, have not been found sufficient for making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Forfar, and the Performance of Statute Labour when rigorously exacted has been found very unequal and oppressive; that it would be more equitable and convenient if a moderate Assessment, or Conversion in Money, was paid in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same:

And that Mr. Douglas, Mr. Skene, Mr. Dempster, and General Murray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for setting out and allotting to Cobtum in-Thomas Page, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Cobham, cloture Bill otherwise Covebam, in the Parish of Cobham, otherwise Pafl*d* Coveham, in the County of Surrey, certain Parts of the Commons and Waste Grounds, called Downfide Common, and Chatley Heath, within the said Manor and Parish, as a Compensation for cnfranchifing the Copyhold Estates held of the said Manor, and extinguishing certain other of his Manerial Rights within the said Manor, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for setting out and allotting to Thomas Page, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Covebam, in the Parish of Cobham, otherwise Covebam, in the County of Surrey, certain Parts of the Commons and Waste Grounds, called Downfide Common, and Chatley Heath, within the said Manor and Parish, as a Compensation for enfranchising the Copy-hold Estates held of the said Manor, and extinguishing certain other of his Manerial Rights within the said Manor.

Ordered, That Lord John Ruffelldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General Murray reported from the Committee, to Perth Road* whom the Petition of the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl, and of the Right honourable Francis Earl of p°rW Moray, the Right honourable the Earl of Breadalbane, and the Right honourable Lord Kinnaird, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Heritors and Proprietors of Ground within the County of Perth, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House.; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Honourable George Murray being examined, said. That

the several Pieces of Road described in the Petition are in a ruinous Condition, and during the Winter Season are in many Parts impassable for Wheel Carriages; and that the said Roads, and the Bridges upon the fame, cannot, by the Laws in Force, be Tufficiently repaired, amended, and kept in Repair.

Then an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Rcignof His present Majesty, intituled," An Act for re-

" pairing

" pairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the Question fcvetally put thereupon, were agreed to by " County of Perth," was read. the House.

And the Witness further said, That the Trustees Ordered, That the Bill, with the Athendments, be thereby appointed have proceeded in the Execution ingrossed. of the said Act, but that it would greatly tend to the

better and more effectual Repair of the said Roads, Mr. Wilbrabam presented to the House, according Tarporley Bridges, and Ferries, if the said Act was amended and to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Ro*d B*JI explained. an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Tear of the preente *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and ing the Road from in the County Palatine

for explaining and amending an Act, made in the of to AElon Bridge, near in the

Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- same County: And the same was received; and read

jetty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Fer- ries, in the County of Perth: And that General Murray, Mr. Douglas, Mr. and Mr. John

Drummond,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wyt*rtim In- A Petition of the Reverend John Myers, Clerk ,'Rec-doture Peti*. for tjje parjfo and Parish Church of in

the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, Robert Barlow, Esquire, John , Esquire, James Whiting 2er£r, Esquire, the Reverend Wharton Partridge, Clerk, William Robinson, John Peet, Robert Clifton, Benjamin Wade, and Parkinson Bothamley, Gentlemen, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the same Parish of Wwas presented to the House, and readj Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Parcels of Common, Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, whereon the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common, which contain, in the Whole,about 1,050 Acres; and that the said Common, Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lie at so great a Distance from many of the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Toftsteads within the said Parish, having Right of Common thereon, as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient and expensive, and in their present Situation are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would be of great Advantage ^nd Conveniency to the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said Parish, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates, if a general Di-vilion and Inclosure could be had of the said Common, Fen; and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in order that the same may be allotted to them in Proportion to their respective Rights thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Parcels of Common, Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of Wyberton, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ClwchanS Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom School Bill the Bill to enable Mary Alfager, Margaret , and reported. Judith Alfager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel in the Parish of Barthomley, in the County of Chester, and to endow the fame, and to establish a Charity School within the said Parish, and vetting the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, their Heirs and Assigns, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Vol. XLIV.

the First Time,.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yes- Second Rend, terday, for reading a Second Time, upon Friday Fort- lowerhf the^ night, the 3d Day of April next, the Bill for altering Tonnage the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Harbour? Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the deferred. Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this DayThree Weeks, the 7th Day of April next. '

Ordered, That the Bill to amend, and render more Day appointed effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of '

the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Bin toI mend " erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and »he New " Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in ^bourAft. " the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair," be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 8 th Day of April next.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of Boidreand the County of Southampton, whose Names are there- ®rodt*nh".r® unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and °°r *tUlon' read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the Parishes of Boldre and Brockenburjl, and of several other Parishes and Places adjoining, or near thereto, within the said County, are very numerous, and maintained at a great Expence to the Inhabitants; and that the granting proper Powers for the Regulation of the Poor within the said Parishes and Places, and providing proper Places for their general Reception, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be a great Ease and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Places, and tend to the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within such Parishes and Places, within the said County, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as- it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Rose, Mr. Sloane, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon thi Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade bewteen the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

3 H Mr.

210

170 Martii. 1789,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Laws relating Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-!°rtation and 'nS> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Exportation of House, to consider of the several Laws now in being «onGdcrc<L relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

British Mu. A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, pu,n Trustet* being offered to be presented to the House; eution. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s

Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Confederation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed them for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of ,£.30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £.900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly inefficient for that Purpose, upon which Representa-tien they have, at sundry Times, obtained from this House various Sums to supply the Deficiency of their Income, which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to the King’s Librarian Yearly, amounting to about

f. 250, have proved insufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to carry on the Purposes of the Trust without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such further Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Account <4 Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Suin« gianted Account of the several Sums that have been already kuin^orac'cd. granted for the Service of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure of the fame.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Acioumof That there be laid before this House, an Account of PuThTdcI*. Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th of January 1789, with the Annual Interest and other Charges payable thereon;

It passed in the Negative

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Unfunded Debt of the Nation, as it stood on the 5th of January 1789, distinguished under its respective Heads; together with the Amount of Interest Annually paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Lmd 1 axes. Account of wiiat Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Michaelmas lait, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whole Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Pro luceoffx- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an and'incTdemi. Account of the Grols and Net Produce of all the

Account* oidfjcJ. Unfunded

Debt.

Arrrar* of

' Taxes under the Head of Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, from the respective Offices in Great together with the Totals, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Land and Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Man Taxes. Taxes on Land and Malt in Great Britain, for the Year 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Plantation Account of the Gross Annual Amount of the Duties Duties-arising in the Plantations, and of the Charges of Management, and of the Net Produce thereof for One Year, to the latest Period at which the same can be made up, distinguishing the several Ports, and the Charges paid by the Receiver General from the other Charges.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Fines and Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Fines and Forfeitures, and what Part thereof was paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Year

1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of Cato State of the Calli Account of the Receiver General cufoms.of and Cashier of His Majesty’s Customs, new and additional Impositions, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1789.

A Petition of the Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Petition from Grand Jury, Gentlemen, Clergy, and others. Free- Bedfordtoire holders of the County of Bedford, assembled at the county'e'cc-Assizes, holden at Bedford, the t2th Day of March tionsAft.

1789, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was palfed, in the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and that the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the very heavy Expences which they understand will be brought upon the said County, in case the said Act should be carried into Execution, and, they conceive, the carrying of the said Act into Execution, according to the strict Letter thereof, is scarcely practicable, that it would create much additional Trouble to the Magistrates, occasion Confusion and Delay at contested County Elections, and be productive of many Hardships and Inconveniences to the Freeholders and Land Tax Collectors of the said County, and in its Consequences abridge or destroy the Rights of the Freeholders, instead of securing them, which appears to have been the Object of the Legislature in passing the said Act:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Mulgrave reported from the Committee, Whitby pay. to whom the Petition of the Trustees whose Names inS Pe*j,ion are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Exe- reporte eution an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for pav-

ing, repairing, and cleansing, the Streets, Lanes,

Alleys, and public Passages, within the Town of " Whitby, in the County of York, and for preventing Incroachments and Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters,

" there," on Behalf of themselves and other the Inhabitants of the said Town of Whitby, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr.

Ill

Report Supply.

Seamen.

Sum for Sea* men.

Guards and Garrisons.

Charge of Guards and Garrisons.

Mr. Edward Cayley being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 600 upon the Credit thereof, which has been laid out in paving and repairing the said Streets, which Money, together with an Arrear of Interest, and several Sums due to Tradesmen for Works performed, remains unpaid — That the Money authorized to be raised by the said Act on the Inhabitants, is by no means adequate to the necessary Expence of executing the Purposes thereof. — And he added, That it would tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages were more properly and regularly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and also watched and kept free from Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and that if Powers were granted to widen some of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and to make more commodious some of the Turnings from one to another, and if a more convenient Approach to the Bridge over the River EJk was made, by removing certain Houses and other Buildings, which. now render the Passage to the said Bridge dangerous, the same would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants, and of public Benefit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, and for preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and also for watching the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, for widening some of them, and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River EJk, within the said Town: And that the Lord and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-mine, including Three thousand Eight hundred and Sixty Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds Manner Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Twenty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including One thousand Six hundred and Twenty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Forty-eight Effective Men, Commission and Non-Commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Thirty-eight thousand Five hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Forty-eight Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernj, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of

Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifteen thousand Nine hundred and Fifteen Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining Jiis Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and those in Garrison at Gibraltar, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commission Officers,. Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding IfWo thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for making good the Deficiency on the Charge of the Difference between the British and Trish Establishments of several Regiments and Companies of Foot, for several Periods in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, hot exceeding Eight thousand Two hundred and Forty-five Pounds Ten Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments of Seven Regiments of Foot serving in North America and the West Indies, for Three hundred and Sixty-five Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight to the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand Seven hundred ancfEighty-nine, both Days inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion-of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding JLleven thousand Four hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in East for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand and Twenty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for making good the Deficiency on the Charge of the Full Pay of the Supernumerary- Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty j for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred and Nine Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-three thousand and Forty-three Pounds and Five Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces; to the Secretary at War* to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid

Forces in the Plantations.

Deficiency on Charge of Difference between British and Irish Elta-blifhmenu in 1783.

Difference between Charge of British and Irish Estabiilh-ments.

Troops inEast India.

Deficiency on Full Pay of Supernumerary Officers for 1788.

Full Pay to

Supernumerary Officers.

General and General Staff Officers.

Allowances to the Paymaster Genetal, &c. &c.

Reduced Officers ot Land Force s and Marine!.

Reduced Horse Guardi.

Officett late in the Service of the States General.

Reduced Officers of British American Forces.

Allowance! to several Reduced Officers of British American Forces.

Pension* to Widow*.

CluI Tea Pcn-fionert.

Scotch Roads and Bridges.

Ordnance.

M>liury Artificer i.

Ill

by the Paymaster General; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-two thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of H is Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twelve Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty on Account of the several Officers, late in the Service of the States General, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand and Ninety-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British Amerkan Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Nine hundred and Forty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the fame, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-seven thousand Four hundred and Sixty-five Pounds and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the new Roads of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twenty thousand Five hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Ordinary of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Nine thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay ot Five Companies of Military Artificers, for

A. 1789.

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved. That so much of the Speech of the Lords Commissioners appointed by His Majesty for holding this Parliament, and for opening and declaring certain further Causes for holding the fame, to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 10th Day of this Instant March, as relates to the Assurances received from Foreign Courts of their friendly Dispofi-tionsto this Country, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Resolutions were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of, His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Snore: And that Mr. Stephens and Mr. Hopkins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor: And that Mf. Rolle and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 180 Mart it;

Anno 29* Georgii III,a Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. IVair:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe,in the County of Norjolk $ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Fortick Esquire, with Lydia FergnJJbne,his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

3 ‘ The

17s — 18° Martiu

Mutiny Bill

ordered.

Marine Mutiny Bill ordered.

Poor Bill ordered.

Mutiny Bill presented.

Marine Mutiny Bill pre* fenced.

The Lord* ' have agreed tt

Foreho* Poor Bill.

The Lord* have passed

Sheridan's Divorce Bill*

Account of Exchequer Bills presented.

Mr. Smith to carry Cwbham Inclosure Bill to the Lords;

Urchfont and Beechingstoke Inclosure Bill presented.

Petition from Huntingdon against the County Elections A&.

29 Geo. III. 18° M 214

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was calied in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to thgif Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for railing certain Sums of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followethi 'Viz,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

AN ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising certain Sums of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, aniount to the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds.

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, amount to the Sum of Two Millions.

Exchequer, the 18th Day of 1789.

James Fisher.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for fettingoutand allotting to Thomas Page, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of Cobham, otherwise Covebam, in the County of Surrey, certain Parts of the Commons and Waste Grounds Galled Downjide Common, and Chat ley Heath, within the said Manor and Parish, as & Compensation for enfranchising the Copy-hold Estates held of the said Manor, and extinguishing certain other of his Manerial Rights within the said Manor; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Urchfont and Beecbingjloke, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Justices of the Peace of the County of assembled at the Assizes, held the 16th Day of March 1789, at Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, being fully convinced of the evil Consequences and enormous Expence that will fall on the said County, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, hope that they shall be freed from their Apprehensions by the Interference of Parliament, and that the House will, on Re-consideration of the Contents of the said Act, join with them in Opinion, that it ought to be repealed, as being no Way con-Vol. XLIV.

ducive to the Purposes set forth in the Preamble, but will, on the contrary, increase the Difficulties it pro* fesses to remedy.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederick Samuel Secre‘an'»Nat. Secretan, otherwise called Samuel Frederick Secretan, Bill Passed* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bp. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Samuel,

otherwise called Samuel Frederick Secretan.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Le Mefurier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Com- Wifweil indo-mon, called Wifweil Moor, In the Township of Wif- C°m~

well, and Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -burne, Mr. ‘Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

t

A Petition of Sir John Dashwood King, Baronet, on Dunfton and Behalf of himself and others, Owners and Proprietors Mttiiennfham

r . _ r Incloltirc and of certain Open Common Fields, Heath, Half Years Drainage Pc-Meadow Ground, Fen, and Waste Lands, in the Pa- ti,ion-rish of Dunston,in the County of Lincoln, and also of

Sir Thomas Skipwith, Baronet, on the 'Behalf of himself and others. Owners and Proprietors df certain Inclosed Fen and Low Lands in the Parish of Methering-bam, in the said County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, that there are, within the said Parish of Dunston, certain Open Common Fields, Heath, Half if ears Meadow Ground,

Fen, and Waste Land, belonging to the Petitioner,

Sir John Dashwood King, and others,- which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable ' Improvement; and that the said Half Years Meadow Ground and Fen Land in the said Parish of Dunston,

3 I and

Hogsthorpe, and Anderbjr Inclosure Petition*

St. Pincm Paving Petition reported.

18° Martii.

A. 1789.

fend also certain Inclosed Fen and Low Lah<i$ in the Safety of the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Part of the said Parish of Metheringham,are frequently Over- said Parish, and of all Persons reforring to- and pafflowed or otherwise annoyed with Water, and that, if ling through the fame, if the Streets and other public

the same were properly drained, and the said Open Common Field's, Hearh, Half Years Meadow Ground, Fen, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, the Whole might be considerably improved.

Passages, now or hereafter to be made therein, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted1, watered, and watched, and Nuisances and Annoyances removed and prevented.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

to the great Advantage of all Parties interested, and for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watch-to the Benefit of the Public: And therefore praying, ing the Streets, and other public Places, within such

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Half Years Meadow Ground, Fen, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of and for draining

and preserving the said Half Years Meadow Ground and Fen Land in Dunfton, and also the said inclosed Fen and Low Lands in the said Parish of bam, under such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Choroid, Mr. Anderson

Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the North and South Sides of the new Road leading from Paddington to IflingUm, called Sommers ‘Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Ob-struttions therein: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Narrtes are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was preferrted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Communication, by Water, between the Loughborough Canal and the River

Loiighborough Canal Petition*

Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- Trent, and the Towns of Loughborough, Melton ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; bray, and , all in the County of Leicester,

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- would be productive of great Public Advantage, as

well as particular local Benefit to the said Towns and Neighbourhood, by rendering the Carriage of Coal, Lime, Lime Stone, Timber, Lead, and all Kinds of Merchandize, to the said Towns, and to several Parts of the Counties o Lincoln, and

cords.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of, or Persons otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, herein after mentioned.

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, much cheaper and easier than at present; and that, by That there are, within the Parishes of Mumby, Hogs- Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Canal for the thorpe, and Anderby, in the County of Lincoln, certain Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels with heavy Open and uninclosed Arable Fields, Common Paf- Burthens, may be made to commence at a Bason above tures, and other Common and Waste Grounds, com- the first Lock, on the North Side of Loughborough puted to contain in the Whole about 2,400 Acres, which, aforesaid, belonging to the Loughborough Canal Navi-in their present Situation, are capable of very little gation (which Canal communicates with the Trent Improvement, bur, if the same were inclosed, and Navigation) and to proceed from thence through or specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprie- near the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, of tors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Loughborough, and £>uon:don, to or near

Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Barrow upon Soar, in the said County, there to communicate with the River Soar, or, if it shall be thought more beneficial to the Public, the said River Soar may be made Navigable by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the fame, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations, by the Sides thereof, from a certain Place called Bishop's Meadow, in or near the

Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare. Liberty of Garrendon, in the said County of Leicester, and bring in, the fame. ta Barrow upon Soar aforesaid, and from thence to the

Town of Leicester, at or near a Place called Lady's Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in-or near the

whom the Petition of the Owners, Proprietors, Lef- said Town, or at or near West Bridge, in the Parish of.

fees, and other Inhabitants of Lands, Houses, and Tenements, within such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the North and South Sides of the new Road leading from Paddington to IJJington, called Sommers Town (comprehending all the Lands of the Right honourable Charles Lord Sommers within the said Parish) whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; *viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Daniel Bayley being examined, said, That Streets, Lancs, and other Piaces have, of late Years, been formed upon that Part of the Parish above described, which are not paved, cleansed, lighted, watered, or watched, and are subject to Annoyances and Encroachments — That it would tend to the Benefit and

Saint Mary, in or near the said Town, or at or near both those Places; and it also appears, by Surveys lately taken, that the River Wreak may, in like Manner, be made Navigable for Boats and other Vessels from its Junttion with the said River Soar, in or near the Lordship of Cojftngton, to the River Eye, and that the said River Eye may, in like Manner, be made Navigable, from its Junction with the River Wreak, to a Place called The Mill Cloje Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the said County of ter: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

by

iS-3 Martii:

215

Llanfyllin Market House and Paving Petition.

Northumberland Fishery Society Bill Committed.

A Petition of the High Steward, Recorder, Bailiffs, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of in the County of Montgomerys and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, within the said Borough, was a very ancient Structure, and, about the Year 1775, 'n f° ruinous and decayed a State, and' in such Danger of falling, that it was then thought expedient to take it-down, and the same has never been re-built, by Reason whereof the Resort to the Market hath considerably decreased, and is still decreasing; and that several of the Bridges within the said Town and Parish Of Llanfyllin are much decayed', and out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Carriages, and the Pavements of the Streets of the said Town, and Avenues leading thereto, are in bad Condition, and greatly decayed, and the Lanes and public Highways in the several Townships of Globwll and within the foid

Parish, are very much out of Repair; and; that it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and all Persons resorting thereto, if the Market House was re-built, and the aforesaid Bridges repaired or re-built, and made convenient for Passengers and Carriages, the Streets and Avenues to the said Town properly paved, and convenient Drains or Sewers made under the fame, and it would also be of public Benefit to all Persons travelling along the said Lanes or Highways, if the same were properly repaired and amended, or turned and diverted; and that the Church Yard or Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish is too frciall for depositing the Dead, and it is necessary that some other Place Should be provided and consecrated for that Purpose; and Representing to the House, That the several Parties and Persons interested in, and entitled to,*Right of Common upon certain Pieces o.r Parcels of Waste Ground within the Lordship of called Coed-y-Llan, Llwyn Bricks, Ltfs, and

Godor, have consented and agreed that the same shall be vested in a Commissioner to be sold towards raising Money for carrying the several Purposes aforesaid into Execution, and for repairing and widening the public Highways in the Townships of and

Bacbia (within which the said Commons are situate) in Aid of the Statute Duty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to such Provisions and Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mojiyn Mr. Bastard,

&c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name and Style of " The Northumberland Fishery Society," and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Capital Joint Stock, for more effectually supporting, conducting, and increasing such Fishery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet

Mutiny Bill committed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hou le.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-iijg, resolve itself into a, Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Ma- Marine Murine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second com*

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve''itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee 6ft Corn Laws.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con fider of the several Laws now in being relating to, the Importation and Expectation of Corn, be now. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramfion reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr, Bramston accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee tQ rnqye the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating and " ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of " Corn and Grain within several Ports and Place? c< therein mentioned."

And Mr. Bramston moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to BiH ordered, explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

‘ " An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the " Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Spencer Stanhope do prepare, and bring in, the fame. , .

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Sheridan's Di. Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Sheridan, TOrceBlllrea<i

Esquire, with Lydia Fergujfone, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Treaty with House, by His Majesty’s Command, limed. **

Copy of the Treaty of Defcnfive Alliance between

Ivelchester Debtors tien.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s His Majesty and the King of , signed at Berlin, Chamber. the 13th of 1788; and Transiation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Peti.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Prison or Gaol at Ivelchester, in and for the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Transla-tien is as followeth; viz.

1 TRANSLATION

18° Martii. . 1789.

TRANSLATION of the Treaty of Defensive Alliance between His Majesty the King of Great Britain and His Majesty the King of

Prussia.

Their Majesties the King of Great Britain and the King of PruJJa, being animated with a sincere and equal Desire to improve and consolidate the drict Union and Friendship, which, having been transmitted to them by their Ancedors, so happily sublist between them, and to concert the most proper Measures for securing their mutual Intereds, and the general Tranquillity of Europe, have resolved to renew and strengthen

these Ties by a Treaty of Defensive Alliance, and they have authorized, for this Purpose, to wit, His Majesty the King of Great the Sieur Joseph

Ewart, His Envoy Extraordinary at the Court of Berlin -, and His Majesty the King of the Sieur

EwaldFrederick Count de Hertzberg, His Minider of State, and of the Cabinet, Knight of the Order of the Black Eagle; who, after reciprocally communicating their full Powers to each other, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article I.

There shall be a perpetual, firm, and unalterable Friendship, Defensive Alliance, and strict and inviolable Union, together with an intimate and perfect Harmony and Correspondence between the said Mod Serene Kings of Great Britain and , their Heirs and Successors, and their respective Kingdoms, Dominions, Provinces, Countries, and Subjects, which shall be carefully maintained and cultivated, so that the Contracting Powers shall condantly employ, as well their utmod Attention, as all those Means which Providence has put in their Power, for preserving at the same Time the Public Tranquillity and Security, for maintaining their common Intereds, and for their mutual Defence and Guaranty against every hodile Attack; the whole in conformity to the Treaties already subsisting between the High Contracting Parties, which shall remain in full Force and Vigour, and shall be deemed to be renewed by the present Treaty, as far as the same shall not be derogated from with their own Conlent, by poderior Treaties, or by the present Treaty.

Article II.

In consequence of the Engagement contracted by the preceding Article, the Two High Contracting Parties shall always act in Concert for the Maintenance of Peace and Tranquillity, and in case either of them, Should be threatened with a hodile Attack by any Power whatever, the other shall employ His most efficacious good Offices for preventing Hodilities, for procuring Satisfaction to the injured Party, and for effecting an' Accommodation in a conciliatory Manner.

Article.IlI.

But if those good Offices Should not have the desired Effect in the Space of Two Months, and either of the Two High Contracting Parties Should be hodilely attacked, moleded, or didurbed in any of His Dominions, Rights, Possessions, or Intereds, or in any Manner whatever, by Sea or Land, by any European Power, the other Contracting Party engages to succour His Ally without Delay, in order to maintain each other reciprocally in the Possession of all the Dominions, Territories, Towns, and Places, which belonged to them before the Commencement of such Hodilities j for which End, if His Prussian Majesty Should happen to be attacked. His Majesty the King of Great Britain shall furnish to His Majesty the King of Prussia a Succour of Sixteen thousand Infantry, and Four thousand Cavalry; and if His Majesty

Should happen to be attacked. His Majesty the King of Prussia shall likewise furnish to Him a Succour of Sixteen thousand Infantry, and Four thousand Cavalry, which respective Succours shall be furnished in the Space of Two Months after Requisition made by the Party attacked, and shall remain at FI is Disposal during the whole Continuance of the War in which He shall be engaged: These Succours shall be paid and

maintained by the required Power, wherever His Ally shall employ them; but the requiring Party shall supply them in His Dominions with such Bread and Forage as may be necessary, upon the Footing to which Flis own Troops are accudomed.

It is nevertheless agreed between the High Con-trading Parties, that if His Majesty Should

be in the same of receiving the Succour in Troops from His Prussian Majesty, His Britannick Majesty shall not employ them out of Europe, nor even in the Garrison of Gibraltar.

If the injured and requiring Party Should prefer Succours in Money to Land Forces, He shall have His Choice, and in case of the Two High Contracting Parties furnishing to each other the ltipulated Succours in Money, such Succours shall be computed at One hundred thousand Florins, Dutch Currency Annum, for One thousand Infantry, and at One hundred and Twenty thousand Florins, of the like Value, for One thousand Cavalry, per , or in

the same Proportion by the Month.

Article IV.

In case the dipulated Succours Should not be diffident for the Defence of the requiring Power, the required Power shall augment them according to the Exigency of the Cafe, and shall affid the former with H is whole Force, if Circumstances shall render it ne-celfary.

Article V.

The High Contracting Parties hereby renew, in the most express Terms, the Provisional Treaty of Defensive Alliance which they concluded at Loo, on the 13th of June in the present Year, and they again engage and promise to act at all Times in Concert and with mutual Confidence, for maintaining the Security, Independence, and Government of the Re-publick of the United Provinces, conformably to the Engagements which they have lately contracted with the said Republick; that is to say. His Britannick Majesty, by a Treaty concluded at the Hague, on the 15th of April 1788, and His Prujftan Majesty, by a Treaty signed the same Day at Berlin, which the said High Contracting Parties have communicated to each other.

And if it shall happen that, by virtue of the Stipulations of the said Treaties, the High Contracting Parties Should be obliged to augment the Succours to bt given to the States General, above the Numbers specified in the said Treaties, or to affid them with their whole Force, the said High Contracting Parties will concert together upon all that may be necessary relative to such Augmentation of Succours to be agreed on, and to the Employment of their respective Forces for the Security and Defence of the said Republick.

In case either of the said High Contracting Parties Should happen, at any Time hereafter, to be attacked, moleded, or didurbed, in any of His Dominions, Rights, Possessions, or Intereds, in any Manner whatever, by Sea or by Land, by any other Power, in Consequence and in Platred of the Articles or Stipulations contained in the said Treaties, or of the Measures to be taken by the said Contracting Parties respectively, in virtue of those Treaties, the other Contracting Party engages to succour and affid Him against such Attack, in the same Manner, and by the same Succours, as are dipulated in the Third and a Fourth

Fourth Articles of the present Treaty; and the said Contrafting Parties promise, in all similar Cafes, to maintain and guaranty each other in the Possession of all the Dominions, Towns, and Places, which belonged to them respectively before the Commencement of such Hostilities.

Article VI.

The present Treaty of Defensive Alliance shall be ratified by each Party, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged in the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if it can be done.

In Witness whereof. We the underwritten, being authorized by the full Powers of their Majesties the Kings of Great Britain and of have in their Names signed the present Treaty, and have thereto set the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Berlin, the Thirteenth of , in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

(L. S.) Joseph Ewart.

(L. S.) Ewald Frederic Comte de

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Consolidated Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the m> or Consolidated Fund, in the respective Quarters ending the 5th Day of July 1788, the 10th Day of October 1788, and the 5th Day of January 1789.

Petition for A Petition of certain of the Trustees, appointed by Moneyiocom- an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the JsAdgeoUrthe ^-e‘gn of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-Paf» of Cock- ing the Road from Berwick upon ‘Tweed to Dunglas burnfpath. Bridge, and of other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House j

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s, Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read j Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in thfc Twenty.-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Borougji of Berwick upon T by Ayton Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or Pass of to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads leading from BillieCaufeway and Preston Bridge to join the said Road at or near Cockburnfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick, certain Persons therein described were appointed Trustees, and certain Tolls were granted for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads and Bridge in the said Act described, and great Progress has been made in the said Works, and large Sums of Money have been expended upon the fame, but they cannot be completed or rendered of general Utility without further Aid; and that the Road in the said Act mentioned, from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed to Dunglas Bridge, is Part of the great Poll Road on the East Side of Scotland along the Sea Coast, and is the principal Line of Communication between London and E, and, in great Falls of Snow, is the only palfable Road for Carriages, Troops, and other Passengers and that the building of the said Bridge over that difficult and dangerous Pass, though the only substantial Method in which the Road and Communications could be carried on, is in itself a great Undertaking, attended with much Labour and Expence, which has been defrayed by private Subscriptions, and public Aids formerly granted to this very necessary Work j but, notwithstanding such

Vol. XLIV.

Subscriptions and Aids have been fegularly applied, they have been found inadequate to the completing, finishing, and discharging the Expence of the fame; and that, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of " the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in which

" were put under the Management of a Board of *« Trustees, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth " Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, t{ and to repeal the said Act," it was enacted, That it should be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to the fevetad Persons therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, the several Lands and Estates therein mentioned, subject to, and chargeable with, the several Principal Sums of Money thereby made payable, or directed to be paid, into the Court of Exchequer in with such

Directions for the Disposition or Application thereof as in the said Act are contained; and it was thereby further enacted, That Part of the said several Principal Sums of Money should be applied in the Manner, and for the Purposes, as by the said Act is directed, and that the Balance of the said Money should remain under the Care of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, subject to the future Disposition of Parliament } and that the Sums of Money, so directed by the said Act to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, have, in pursuance thereof, been paid accordingly, and all the Applications thereof, in the said Act directed, have been accordingly made in the Manner mentioned in the said Act, and a Balance of the said Money unapplied still remains under the Care of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, subject to the future Disposition of Parliament, and the Petitioners apprehend, that the completing and finishing the aforesaid Bridge and Communications are Works so beneficial, and of such National Importance, that Part of- the above-mentioned Balance cannot be more properly applied than to the said Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating and applying the Sum of £. 1,000, Part of the aforesaid unapplied Balance under the Care of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, pursuant to the Directions of the aforesaid Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Works and Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Home, Lord Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow . Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Ofmafton of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Lord- p"^„nre ship or Liberty of Ofmaflon, next Derby, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are, within the said Lordship or Liberty, several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing together about 470 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in such Manner,

3 K and

2l8

i 8° — 190 Martii.

A. 1789.

and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Eurfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ord George Cavendish and Mr, Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee of Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Mean»*jp" ',nS next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole poiuted. House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

American Trade Bill repotted.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of , so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Cortimittte of The House resolved itself into a Committee of 8u;.piy. the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

OtKham Road Petition revolted.

Jovis, 190 d Martii;

Anno 29° Georgii III‘" Regis, 1789. Prayers.

MR. Thiflethwayte reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near and adjacent to the Road leading from the Ealt End of the High Street, in the Town and Parish of Odiham, over Rye Common, in the said Parish, and through the several Parishes of in the County of Southampton, and Farnbam ,in the County of , to the North West End of Castle Street, in Farnbam aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Holloway being examined, said. That he knows the Road above described, that the same is in Extent Seven Miles, or thereabouts, and is very foun-derous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law,.and that the repairing and widening the same will be of great Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to pass the fame, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham, in the County of Southampton, to Farnham, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Thistlethwayte and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thijllethwayte reported from the Committee, to Hertfortbridg. whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed parted, for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament herein after mentioned, for repairing the Road leading from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Towns of

Basingstoke and Odiham, and of several other Persons residing near the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it irt at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three several Acts passed in the Tenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Towns of Basingstoke and Odiham, in the County of Southampton, were read: And,

Mr. Robert Holloway being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of Money remains due, which has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, for the Purpose of repairing the said Roads, and which Money, together with the Tolls collected, has been duly applied in the Execution of the said Acts — That the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the T erm and Powers granted by the said Acts be continued and enlarged.

And the Witness further said, That the Branch of Road described in the Petition, which will open a Communication with the Great Western Road, is ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened, amended, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Towns of Odiham and Basingstoke, and also of public Utility, if Powers were given to the Trustees under the said Acts to repair and widen the fame.

Mr. William Bourne confirmed the aboveEvidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from

Hertfordbridge

Broughton Incloi'ure Bill passed.

ffifKrig’ Paving Petition reported.

Tunbridge Wells, &c. Small Debts Petition.

ip° Martii.

itp

Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, the Petitioners apprehend, if a more easy and speedy in the County of Southampton-, and for extending the Method of recovering Small Debts was established Limits of the said last mentioned Road, from the within Tunbridge Wells, and the several Parishes afore -present Termination thereof in the said Town of said, the same would tend greatly to promote Industry Odiham, to the Road leading from thence through the and useful Credit therein, and be of great Benefit and said Town to the Great Western Road at -Bartley Heath, Utility to the Inhabitants thereof: And therefore

in the said County: And that Mr. and

Mr. Jervoi/e do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing . the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs*. Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common. Marshes, and other . Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, ^Common Pastures,. Common Meadows, Common Marlbes,.and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That" Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within Tunbridge Wells, and the several Parishes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Medley, Mr.

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber* and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for building a new Shire House for the County of E/fex, was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by. One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

EflTex Shirt House Bill reported.

Mr; John Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselve$ and others, Inhabitants,of the Parish of Saint Clement, in

the! Town and Port of Hajiing, in the County of Sussex,

was referred; Thar the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and- he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Carey being examined, said. That the Streets, A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand jury, Petition from Lanes, and public Passages within the said Parish, in assembled at the Assizes at Lincoln, on Tuesday the ^i"ie°(jnthe the Town and Port of Hajiing, are very ill paved, 17th Day of March 1789, was presented to the House, county'e'co cleansed, and lighted, and subject to various Encroach- and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in tien.Act. ments, Projections, and Annoyances, and the public the last Sellkm of Parliament, for registering Free-Highway s are badly repaired and amended — That it holders, which the Petitioners apprehend will be pro--would tend much to the Advantage and Accommo- dudtive of much needless Expence, Trouble, and dation of the said Parish, and to all Persons reforting/ Confusion: And therefore praying, That the House to the said Town and Port, if Powers were given for will take the same into Consideration, and that proper the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise Measures may be taken to repeal the fame.

improving and regulating the said Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and also for the better repairing and amending the said Highways.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streers, Lanes, and other public Passages

Ordered, That Table.

the said Petition do lie upon the

An ingrossed Bill to enable Mary Margaret Barthomley

Aljager, and Judith Alfager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel in the Parish of p.a*d.

and Places, and for repairing the Highways, of and in the County of and to endow the fame, and

within the Town and Port of Hajiing, in the County ~ ~ ~

of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances,

Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, within the said Town and Port: And that Mr. John Stanley and Mr. Dawes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town, Village, or Place, called Tunbridge Wells,

to establish a Charity School within the said Parish, and veiling the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, their Heirs and Alligns, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Mary Alfager, Margaret and Judith Alfager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel in the Parish of Barthomley, in the

and the Parish of Tunbridge, and the several Parishes County of Chester, and to endow the fame, and to

establish a Charity School within the said Parish, and veiling the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, and the future Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Alfager, within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords^ and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Commissioners 6f Sewers for the Limits of the Tower Hamlets (excluding Catherine’s and Blackwall Marsh) whose Names are thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Expence and Delay in suing for such Debts; and that Commissioners, was presented to the House, and read;

6 Setting

of Speldhurst, Penjhurjt, Pembury, Brencbley, den, Ashurst, Lamberhujl, Bidborough, Leigh, Chidding-stone, Rotherfield, Frant, Mayfield, IVadhurst, Hartfield, Witheyham, Tycehurst, and B, in the Counties of

Kent and Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Tunbridge Wells, and the several Parishes aforesaid, are very populous, and a great Number of Persons are employed therein, many of whom contract Small Debts, and, although well able, frequently refuse to pay the fame, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the

Towei- Ham-leti Sewer* Petition.

great

ip° Martii.

Setting forth, That a Commission of Sewers under the Great Seal, bearing Date the 8th Day of March 1782, issued, directed to the Petitioners and others, for the Limits of the Tower Hamlets (excluding Saint Catherine's and Blackwall ); and that the Petitioners have usually attended the executing of the said Commission, and have caused divers Works to be done for the Public Benefit, and, by Means thereof, considerable Sums of Money are now <{ue to the Workmen for the fame, and very large Arrears of the Rates made for Payment thereof remain uncolle&ed, and are likely so to continue, whereby the Petitioners are prevented from discharging the Debts due to the said Workmen, and carrying on the other Works which arc indispensably necessary to be done under their said Commission} and that the present Mode, established by Law for ascertaining and enforcing the Payment of such Rates, is expensive, tedious, and inadequate to those Purposes, and Suits and Difficulties arise in the executing of the said Commission: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rendering easy and effectual the Laws concerning Commissions of Sewers in the aforesaid Limits of the Tower Hamlets, and for other the Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Alderman

Newham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thruffington Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to inclosme Bill whom the bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing rcpoiu . tj,c Open Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of otherwise

Thurjlanton, otherwise in the County of

1789.

Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April.1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of One Yard Land and Two Acres, who refused to consent to the Bill} and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed amount to Forty-seven Yard Lands, and Nine Acres of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Anna Elizabeth J, was presented JaekJWiNat to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave be PeUl00* given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robert Burton and Mr. Hunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Doctor Gray, from stateofAc-the Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented f«umpre.U* to the House, pursuanr to their Order, fented.

A Paper, intituled, " State of the Accounts of the w British Museum."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

STATE

o

F+ 1 — "*" ' — — — ' 1 — - — i

Paid Mr. Harper for making a Catalogue of the Printed Books and Stamps Paid Yeung for Coins ——

t* f Salaries and Wages — —

2 Board Wages — — —

Firing — — —

Candles — — _

Relit and Taxes — - —

Repairs — _

Book-binding — — ~

Stationary — — —

Printing Expences — —

Garden Ditto — - _

Incidents — . _ _

Balance of same remaining in Hands of Mr. Howland

of Dr. Morton

STATE of Accounts of the British Museum, *787*

To Expenditnre for —

— 82 3

£ 5*5 — 4

— 111 6

— 917 8

— 101 8 —

— 98 16 —

— 17 6 6

— 4 7

ns 3

137 16 7

— 29 C 5

— 67 7 6

70

" 97 I 2

L* 2,433 10 1

9

1

200 — 10

£ 2,633 IO 1 I

By Cacti remaining of 1786 — M

By Duplicate Coins fold off Young — — —

By a Year's Interest on £. 30,000 Red. 3 per C% — - — . —

By Three Quarters received of the King's Librarian's Salary, to 5 Julj — —

By Sale of, and Intcrell received on. 7 Exchequer Bills — — —

By Sale of, and Interest on, 5 East India Bonds, of 27 purchased with the Parliament's

The Grant of £. 3,000 produced — — — £.2,841 17 —

Paid for 27 East India Bonds — — — 2,826 13 9

O.

>55 l4 6

60 4 9

900 — —

186 16 6

736 *5 10

v-n j 00 18 t

»5 1 3

2,633 10 11

Dr. s TATE of Accounts 1788. C'.

Paid Thorkelin for Coins — — — £. 4 >5 — By C dh 11 maining of 1787 _ — £ 200 IO

( "Salaries and Wages — — — — 937 8 — By a Year's interetl on £. 30,000, 3 per C\ — _ _ _ 900 — —

Board Wages — — — — 101 8 — By Three Quarters King's Librarian's Salary, to 5 July — — 186 16 6

Firing — — — — 107 9 — Sale of, and Interest on, 10 Eaj} hdja Bonds — _ _ 1,083 5 8

Candles — — — — 18 16 8 Six Months Imereti on 16 East India Bonds _ _ _ _ 32 — —

J Relit and Taxes — — — — *?S *5 4 Sale of Duplicate Books and Medals, by Leigh and Sctbeby, produced — /. 467 ic 11

1 Repairs — — — — 3*8 13 — Purchase of East India Bonds — . — , _ 417 x£ g

Book-binding — — — — 161 t 10 49 *9 3

Stationary - 30 14 2

Garden Expences — — — — 70

Incidents - 110 2 1

/ 2,096 3 i

Balance of Cash remaining with Mr. Nnvland — £. 374 2 8

Due to Dr. Morton — — 18 3 6

1 3SS *9 *

£ 3>452 2 S £ 3*45* 3

Cj

r

o

cq'

N

CD

CL

O"

O

o

00

o

D'.

ESTIMATE of Accounts for 1789.

Expenditure of 1787 — — — — £. *#433 10 1

of 1788 — — — — 2,096 3 1

£- 4»S*9 >3 *

The Medium of which is — — m — £%

Repairs of 1788 unpaid ——

Produce of Duplicate Books and Medals, to purchase others, according to f 60 4 9

Act of Parliament - \ 467 15 11

Richard Miles, Accountant, 30 January 1789*

/L'

2,264 16 7

674 5 8

528 — 8

3,467 2 i)

Bv Cash remaining of 1788 —

16 East India Bonds unfold —

Interest for Three Months on Ditto —

A Year’s Interest on £. 30,000 —

Five Quarters King's Librarian's Salary, to 5 QSober Deficiency — — —

C'.

£ 3SS «9 2 1,600 — — ,5

— — 900 — — 311 7 6 283 16 3

£ i 3»467 *

29 Geo. III. 190 Martii421

Accounts of Meicer* Company pre-Jfcntej.

Account of Pioduce ot Kxcilc Taxes pietenied.

Nmtwich, and Chcltcr K lad* Petition reported.

222 Martii. 1785).

Ordered\That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perufcd by the Member! of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Clerk

to the Company of Mercers of the'City of at-

tended at the Door he was caHecHn j and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London, from the 10th of 1787 to the 10th of Octo 1788, directed to be " laid before each House of Parliament by Two Acts, " one of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the War- dens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London; and the other of the Fourth Year of the' Reign of His present Majesty King " George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Head of Excise, in England, together with the Totals, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up; from 5th July 1787 to 5th July 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do' lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. 1

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors upon the Tolls arising within the First District of the Roads mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so much of " Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed " in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, " as relate to the Road from the End of the County of " Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of , " through JVoor, in the County of to

" in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to " Tarporley, and from thence, through in the said County of Chester, to the said City of

and for more effectually repairing, widening, and " supporting the same Road, and also for repairing " and widening the Road from in the said

" County of Chester, to The in aforesaid,"

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the lloufc; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as (ollowerh;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Awt was read: And,

Mr. William AJlley being examined, said. That the 'l’ruftees for the said First District of Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a consider^ble Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Act, of which the Sum of £.1,100 now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, so far as the same concerns the said First District of Roads; and that it will be necessary to increase some of the Tolls granted by the said Act to be taken upon the said District, and also to gtant some further Powers to the Trustees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of , through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tar-porlej, and! from thence through 'Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, together with a certain other Road therein mentioned, so far as relates to the First District of the said Roads: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert SaluJlurj Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; 1

The House resolved itself into the laid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair. 1 . Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone thtough the Bill, and made several Amendmdnts thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr, Stephens accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramjlcn do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mi-

nifter.

j

American Trade Bill palfcd.

Committee <m

Marine Mu# tiny Bill.

reported?

Mr. Bramston to report

Streathnm

Workhcrtii’e

Petition.

Whitby Pav-ing Bill pr«seated.

pawnbroker*

Petition.

Bill tb confirm the inclosure of Idlicote Fields pre-it n ted.

Accounts ordered.

Produce of Customt in England.

I> in Scotland.

Land and Male Taxes in Scotland.

State of General Account of Customs*

nifter, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parishioners of the Parish of in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves, and other the In-

habitants of the said Parish, was referred.

The Lord Mulgrave presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, withirt the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, and for preventing

Encroachments and Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and also for lighting and watching the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, for widening some of them, and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River j EJk,within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of themselves, and others, exercising that Business within the Cities of London and and the

Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the ,c Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers," which was to continue in Force for One Year, from the ill Day of June 1787 j and an Act was also passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend and continue, for a limited Time, the before-mentioned Act; and that the several Regulations established by the said Acts have been found beneficial to the Public, and the Petitioners conceive that it would conduce to the public Good if the said Acts were made perpetual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make the said Acts perpetual, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Newnham and Mr. Alderman Wation do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Greville presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to confirm an inclosure heretofore made of certain Open Fields, in the Parish of Idlicote, in the County of Warwick; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Receipt, Debentures, Bounties, Certificates, Salaries, Incidents, and Net Produce, of the Revenues of Customs in England, for the Year ending 5th January 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Receipt, Debentures, Bounties, Certificates, Salaries, Incidents, and Net Produce, of the Revenues of Customs in Scotland, for the Year ending 5th January 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Taxes on Land and Malt, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Year 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the General Account of the Customs, new and additional Impositions, from the Comptroller General of His Majesty’s Customs, for the Year ending the 5 th of January 1789.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in.at the -Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnince That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Three Services not hundred and Six Pounds Four Shillings and One j^ys it Penny, be granted,to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extnordi. That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Eighteen JL*r"*of ,h* thousand and Seventeen Pounds Six Shillings and r naace’ Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinaries of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Military That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hun- Artificer*, dred and Twenty-four Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty#for the Pay of One Company of Military Artificers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the CMimUtee on Whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and MutiRy Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. - -

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said 1*ported‘ Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Martii;

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Freemen of the Haiiamfttre Corporation of Cutlers, in the Lordship and Cutler* P«i-Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, efta- Uon* x blished

bliOicd by an Act of the Twenty-firfli: Year of the Reign of King James the First, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and the rest of the Freemen of the said Corporation, are greatly injured in their lawful Interests by several Practices, which have for a long Time been made Use of, and the Reputation of the Wares and Ma-nuf&ftures, made within the Limits of the said Corporation, greatly prejudiced, and the Benefits intended by the said Act to the Trade of the said Liberty, and to the Public, in a great Degree loft and defeated, and, it being generally apprehended by the Members of the said Corporation, as well as by the Petitioners, that those Evils are occasioned by the Usage under the said Act, in the several Sets of the public Officers of the Company being allowed to appoint their Successors, by which Means the Persons who have the Charge of the Common Property of the Corporation, and of the Management of alt its public Concerns, form a separate and distinct Interest, always independant of the whole Body for whom they aft, ami frequently adopting and countenancing Measures for their own Advantage, at the Expence of the Freemen at large, and which hath occasioned large Sums to be spent by the Freemen in procuring Redress against the Evils complained of at the Hands of their Corporate Officers: In order to prevent the same for the future, and to procure to the Petitioners, and to all the Members of the said Corporation, and to the Public, the Advantages intended by the said Act, and the just, necessary, and useful Provisions mad* by the fame, for the good making of all the Wares nianufactured within the Limits of the said Corporation, therefore praying, Tfiat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Appointment of the Officers of the Corporation, and to declare to the Freemen of the said Body Corporate, for the Time being, the Right of choosing the Officers and Managers of the said Corporation, and also to amend such Part of the said Act as relates to binding Apprentices, and to give to all the Freemen, as well Journeymen as Masters, an equal Right to take and bind Apprentices, to be brought up and instructed in the several Branches of the said Corporation, and to cx-pressly declare the Filesmiths within the said Liberty to he a Part of and entitled to all the Privileges of the said Body Corporate, and for such other Purposes as shall appear to the House to be necessary for the ordering and good Government of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Aniti*vnr A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

CaoaiPetition, holders. Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, residing or trading within the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King a dries the Second, for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, and the River or TV/?, from the

Borough of Andevor,in the County of Southampton aforesaid, through several Parishes, and through the Borough of Stcckbridge, and through or near Rcmjey, to Redbridge, in the said County, there to join the ScuthamptcnRiver, and so communicate with the Sea, was particularly mentioned in the said Act to be made navigable, but nothing has been done towards effectuating the fame; and that the Country through which the said River runs is become much more populous, and greatly jncrcafed in Trade and Manufactures, lincc the Time of pasting the said Act, and a Means of conveying by Water any Coals, Salt, Timber, and

other heavy Goods, which the Petitioners prelume was then thought necessary, mult now of course be more essentially so; and that the Petitioners are advised that a Navigable Cut or Canal for the Passage of Boats and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, may be made near the CoUrfe of the said River or

TV/?, from the Town of Andevor aforesaid, to the said Southampton River, and so to communicate with the Sea, which will be of much more general Use than the said River Anton, or A’eft, can possibly ever be made to be, and will be of great Convenience and Utility to the Trade, Commerce, and Manufactures carried on in the very populous Country through which it is intended to lead: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Cut or Canal as aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Letbieullier, Mr. Fel -Itwes, &cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Mntlny &a tien, and for the better Payment of the Army and their passed. Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine m*. Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third tiBr 8)11 Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for building a new Shire House Essex sh^ for the County of Essex, was read the Third Time. House Bill

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Pafftd’ be. An Act for building a new Shire House for the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of in AfkhimTncio.

the County of Westmoreland, on Behalf of himself and fare others, interested in Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within or belonging to the Parish of AJkham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are certain Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the said Parish, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, it would tend to the Advantage of the several Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penn and Mr. John Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Lowther In* closure Petition.

London Petition again It the Shop Tax.

Thruffington Inclosure Bill passed.

The Lord 8 hare agreed to

Manchester Square Bill.

Willis's Name Bill.

Wendt’s Nat. Bill.

Klopfer, Vogd, and Siffken’s Nat. Bill.

Streatham Workhouse Petition reported.

29 Geo. III.

io° Martiu

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in MdTuages, Lands, and Tenements, within or belonging to the Parish of in the County of West moreland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Commons, Stinted Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the said Parish, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, it would tend to the Advantage of the several Proprietors thereof: 'And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Perm and Mr. John ^Lowth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Complaining of the Acts passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Shops within Great ;and

renewing their Application to the House for a Repeal of the said Laws.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of otherwise Lburftanton,otherwise 'Trujfington, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of otherwise

1Tburjtanton, otherwise Truffington, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of Manchester Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Ralph Willis, Esquire (lately called Ralph Earle) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Willis only, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis, Esquire, deceased j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nathaniel j without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Gottlieb Klopfer, John William Vogel, and Henry Siffken, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parjlhioners of the Parish VpL. XLIV.

of Streatham, in the County of on Behalf of

themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Pi-rish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table i Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* Mr. John Reader being examined, said. That owing to thd Increase of Buildings within the said Parish* the Poor thereof is become considerably increased, and that there is not at present any proper Place for their Reception — That a convenient Spot of Ground* situate on 'Looting Common, hath been obtained for the Purpose of building a Workhouse for the Residence and Employment of the said Poor, which at present are a great Burthen on the said Parish, being obliged to farm many of them out at a great Expence.

And the Witness added. That it would be of considerable Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if they were enabled to obtain an Act of Parliament to raise Money for carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Workhouse for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Bramston, Lord William Rujfell, and Sir Joseph do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders* and Tenantry, in the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Act passed last Session of Parliament* for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, will bring a very heavy and unne-ceflary Expence upon the Freeholders of the County of Carmarthen, and be oppressive in the Extreme to the Tenantry thereof, who, by Custom long established, contribute to all County Rates, and are no Ways interested in the Operation of the Act; and that the Petitioners conceive that several of the Regulations therein contained are totally impracticable in the said County, and that the Persons usually appointed Land Tax Collectors within the said County, from the Difference of Language and other Circumstances, are incapable of executing the Duty required of them by the said Act, and they conceive that many of the Regulations therein contained will not have the dc-lired Effect: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be altogether repealed.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of Sujfolk, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thar, after a careful Perusal of the said Act, it appears to the Petitioners, that, besides a very heavy Expence, the Execution of the Act will be attended with many alarming Mischiefs and Inconveniences to the Inhabitants and Freeholders in general: And therefore praying, That the House will take such Measures as shall be thought expedient to obtain a speedy Repeal thereof.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Anglesey, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the very heavy Expences which they understand will be brought upon the said County, in case the said Act shall be carried into Execution, and they conceive the carrying the same into Execution, according to the drift Letter thereof, is scarcely practicable, that it would create much additional Trouble to the Magistrates, occasion Confqfion and Delay at contested County Elections, and be productive of many Hardships and incon-

3 M vcnjenc«4

Petition* Froilt

Canmrthen-shire, Suffolk j and An^leley again if the County Elections A&h

Hertford-bridge Hill Roads Bill prefcBted*

OdihamRoad Bill prtfcnted#

Wbatto* inclosure Bill committed.

Plymouth

Water

Petition,

Petition frotft the Royal Exchange Atluiance

Society.

venicnces to the Freeholders and Land Tax Collectors of the said County, and in its Confluences abridge or destroy the Rights of the Freeholders, instead of securing them, which appears to have been the Object of the Legislature in passing the said Act: Andithere-fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table,

Mr. Thijlletbwayte presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts, for repairing the Road from Hertjordbridge Hill to the Town of and also the Road from Her Ilill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton, and for extending the Limits of the said last-hnentioned Road, from the present Termination thereof in the said Town of to the Road

leading from thence through the said Town, to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thijlletbwayte presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Odibam, in the County of Southampton, to Farnham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wbatton, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pent. Lord Edward Bentinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of 'Thomas Bryer, in Behalf of hirofelf and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That His Majesty’s Dock ifard at Plymouth, and the Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth Dock, have, ever since the building thereof, laboured under very great Inconvenience and Expence, as well as Danger, from the Accidents of Fire, for Want of a sufficient Supply of fresh and wholefeme Water; and that the Petitioner and others arc in Possession of a Stream of pure, good, and wholesome Water, sufficient to supply every Purpose both for Government and the Inhabitants, which they are willing to undertake to convey to Plymouth Dock: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to accomplish the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Governor, Sub Governor, and Deputy Governor and Directors of the Royal Exchange AflTurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Letters Patent, granted in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire were incorporated, and, amongst other Powers thereby granted to them, they, and their Successors, were empowered to make any Contract or Agreement, under their Common Seal, with any Person or Persons. Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for any A durance or Aflur.nces of the Life or Lives of any Person or Pci suns %\hatfeever, in and by the said Letters Patent particularly mentioned; and that the

Petitioners conceive it will be of great Advantage to the Commercial Part of His Majesty’s Subjects, and to the Public in general, that the Powers granted by the said Letters Patent Should be extended and enlarged to the granting or purchasing of Annuities upon Lives: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend and enlarge the Powers granted in and by the said Letters latent, in the Particular above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Westcote, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon and of the Mer-

chants, Ship Owners, and other Inhabitants of the same Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thar, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing " public Quays or Wharfs at upon for the better securing His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port

of Kingston upon Hull, for making a Bason or Dock, " with Rjfervoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, f* for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said " Port, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums " of Money out of His Majesty’s Customs at the said " Port for those Purposes, and for establishing other " necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of " Kingston upon Hull," a Dock and other Works have been made for the Accommodation of Shipping, and, the Trade and Commerce of the said Port having since greatly increased, further Accommodations are wanting for the Reception and Convenience of the Shipping referring to the said Port; and that if the Company, established by the said Act, Should receive an adequate Compensation for their Capital, till the same be purchased and funk for the Ease and Relief of the Persons charged with the Payment of the Duties imposed by the said Act, and for such other Purposes as to the House shall appear necessary or reasonable for the Benefit of the Trade and Shipping of the said Porr, and adequate Powers Should be given to extend the present Works, and to take and purchase Lands for erefting of new Works, and providing proper Conveniences for Shipping, the Petitioners conceive that it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the said Port, and the general Advantage of the Trade and Navigation of the Kingdom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, or for such other Purposes, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper, for promoting the Trade, Commerce, and Navigation of the Port of Hull.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. berforce, 6cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the huqible Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the " House,

Hutt Dock* Petition;

Petition for incorporating’ the London Humane Society;

I *

29 Geo. III. 200 Martii. 227

House, and read; Setting forth. That Doctor William Hawes, and Doctor Thomas the original Insti-

tutors and Promoters of the Society herein after mentioned, conceiving that the Lives of many Subjects were loft to their Country, Families, and Friends, through a Want of Attention to, and using proper Means with, those apparently drowned, or suffocated, applied themselves diligently to the Study and Application of such Remedies as might prove most effectual for preventing such melancholy Disasters happening in future, and, notwithstanding many Obstacles occurred in the Infancy of their Plan, they were so far successful in their benevolent Intentions, as to be the Means of restoring many Persons to Life who were apparently dead; and that a considerable Progress having been made, through the indefatigable Zeal and Attention of such original Institutors, and m^ny Charitable Persons having liberally contributed towards the Expence attending the Institution; a more regular -Society was formed in the Year 1774, by the Name of The Humane Society for the Recovery of Persons apparently drowned, which Society hath ever since existed, having been supported by voluntary Subscription? and Bequcfts; and that since the Institution, and by the Means of the said Society, the Lives of 1,488 Persons, who, in all Probability, would otherwise have been loft to the Community, have been recovered or preserved, besides which many Rewards have been paid in unsuccessful Cafes; and that the said Society are now possessed of a Stock or Fund, confiding of /. 2,000 Three per Ce.Consolidated Bank Annuities, together with f. 200, and upwards, remaining in the Hands of their Treasurer, intended to be applied as heretofore in the Payment of Rewards, providing Apparatus and Receiving Houses, and other the benevolent Purposes of the Society; and that the said Society are desirous of rendering themselves more extensively beneficial to Mankind, and are apprehen-five that it would greatly contribute to that End, and be a Means of increasing and preserving their Fund, and also, that many well-disposed Persons, who are acquainted with the humane and salutary Purposes of the said Society, would contribute liberally thereto, if the Members were incorporated, and thereby enabled legally to accept Donations, and to take and hold Lands: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating and making a Body Politic the London Humane Society, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given- to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Watfcn and Mr. Alderman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

st. Martin’* A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestry-

Church and men> and Overseers, of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of the City of

fier,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Church of the said Parish is in great Want of Repair, and will require a very considerable Sum of Money to effefl so necessary a Purpose; and that the present Burial Grounds within the said Parish are become too small, a considerable Part of the principal Cemetery, or Burial Ground, having been covered with Buildings, agreeable to the Directions of an Act of Parliament made for that Purpose, and there not being any proper Place within the said Parish that can be appropriated for that Use, it would be for the Benefit and Convenience of the Inhabitants, if a Piece of Ground was provided in some near or adjoining Parish, to be made Use of as a Burial Ground for the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields; and that the Petitioners apprehend that the Poor of the said Parish might be better and more conveniently maintained arid employed than at present, if a certain Number of Persons were appointed to adfc in the Government and

Management of the Poor, in Conjunction with the Churchwardens and Overseers, and if some further Alterations were made in the Laws now in being relative to the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Church, and for effecting the other Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee': And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

' And it is referred to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr.'

Whitbread, &cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, for them- Bewley, selves, and on Behalf of the Land Owners and In- *n<*

habitants of the Counties of Inverness, Rojs, Crcmarty, Bridge* Pcti-Sutberland, Caithness, and the Orkney and Bo- tl0"*

roughs therein, being offered to be presented to the House';

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read >

Setting forth, That the large and rapid Rivers, called Bewley, Connon, and Helmfdale, run across the Country, immediately to the Northward of Inverness, from the Mountains, to the East Sea, and it is the singular Condition of those Three Rivers to be absolutely without a Bridge, from their Sources down to their respective Friths, from which uncommon Circumstance the large and populous Northern District, above mentioned, is sometimes utterly inaccessible, and always reached, through dangerous Fords and Ferries, with great Inconveniency, and frequently with the Loss of Lives; and that the Funds and Abilities of the said District have been totally exhausted, by making long Tracis of good Roads, and constructing numerous . Bridges, some on large, and others on fimaller Streams, without the Assistance, hitherto, of any public Aid to effect those laborious and expensive Undertakings, in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers, Two of which, viBewley and Connon, run partly through, and partly contiguous to Two of the most considerable of the late forfeited Estates now restored to the Heirs of the former Proprietors; and that, during the Time the said Inflates were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners appointed for their Management entered, at. different Times, upon various Proceedings for building Bridges on the said Rivers Connon and Bewley, and paying the Expences out of the Rents of the said Estates, but those Rents having been from Time to Time otherwise applied, neither were the said Bridges, nor any other public Work, carried on upon the said Northern Estates, nor in the Quarter of the Highlands where they lie, although their Rents were regularly levied for the Public, and were intended by Parliament for general Improvements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters of Scotland-, and that the late Grants of the forfeited Estates are charged with Payment, into the Exchequer in Scotland, of certain Sums, fub-jedl to the future Disposition of Parliament, and it being understood to be the Intention of Parliament to dispose of those Sums in useful and necessary Public Improvements in Scotland, the Bridges above mentioned are conceived to be primary Objects of that Description, as nearly serving to complete the only Part that now remains unfinished of a Line of Communication from one End of the Istand to the other,

I and

Highland So* octjr Petition,

House refofvct to adjourn to Monday.

Siafford, Nantwich, and Cheder Road Bill presented.

228 200 — 23* M- 1789.

and the Expence of building the aforesaid Bridges is computed at about £. 12,000: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of £. ta,oooo of the unexhausted Balance which is subject to the Disposition of Parliament, directed by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Sc, by the several Persons to whom the forfeited Estates in Scotland are granted, towards building Bridges over the Rivers Bewley, Cannon, and Helmjdale, in North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Corrfmittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew White Sir

John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Highland Society of Edinburgh, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners were incorporated for the Purposes of enquiring into the State of the Highlands and Klands of Scotland, and for promoting Improvements, by establishing Towns and Villages, making Roads, building Bridges, advancing Agriculture, extending Fisheries, and introducing useful Trades and Manufactures in that Part of the Kingdom; and that, in Terms of their Institution, they have advanced considerable Sums of Money for the above useful Purposes, but find themselves unable to carry this beneficial and extensive Plan effectually into Execution by the voluntary Contribution of their Members, which is their only Fund: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating to the above Purposes a Sum of £.3,000, Part of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus of the Monies arising from the forfeited Estates in Scotland, reserved for the Disposal of Parliament, to be applied to public Uses in that Part of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved’, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of through Woor, in

the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to and from

thence through Farvin, in the said County of , to the said City of Chester, together with a certain other Road therein mentioned, so far as relates to the

First District of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, and Lammas Lands and Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stairwell and Hammonds, otherwise Shipcot, and in the Parish of Stairwell, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further re- gulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports " and Places therein mentioned :" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Teh of the Clock.

Luncey 230 die Martii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

SIR John Eden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

3 and

SMnwell and Shipc* t Jn-clolu.e Bill committed.

Com Regulation Kill presented.

Committee of W ays and Means.

Supply deferred.

Sunderland Road Bill reported.

Biftop Wetr-mouth Road

Bill reported.

The Lords kite agreeJ to

Mutiny Bill.

Marine Mutiny Bill.

American Trade Bill.

Boiburgh loads BjIJ.

Pourtales Nat. Bill.

Siordets Nat. Bill.

Lower Swell Inclosdte Bill, wish Amendments.

Cromford

Navigation

Petitions

reported.

29 Geo. III.

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill> with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Eden reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for altering, railing, widening, repairing, and preserving the Road leading from the Town of j BishopWear mouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Norton, near Stockton, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered\That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of Lewis Pourtales-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of Jacob Siordet and James Lewis Siordet; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,* Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Lowet Swell, in the County of Cloucester -, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Frec-Vol. XLIV.

tip

holders. Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and Parts adjacent; and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Vif- . count Melbourne, in the KngJoirt of Ireland, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that (he Standing Orders of the House, of the 15th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Pe-; titions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at. the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, William JtJfop, Esquire, being examined, said. That a Canal (or the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels may be made from Cromford in

the Lordship or Liberty of Cromford, in the Parish of Wirksworth, and County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge,in the Parish of Eastwood, in the County of Nottingham -, and also, that a Navigable Cut may be ( made from the said intended Canal, at or near Park Mill, in the Parish of Htanor, to a certain Close,. called The Horse Croft Close, belonging to the Reverend D’Ewes Coke, and near to Mill, in the County of Derby.

The Wicness further added. That the making the said Navigable Canal and Collateral Cut, together with such other Collateral Cuts as may be found nc-cessary, and also proper Railways and Roads to the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, will open a Communication with several valuable Mines of Coal, Lead, Limestone, Ironllone, Marble, Slate, and other Minerals, and also with several very extensive Manu-factories, and will in other Relpefts be of great public Utility.

In Support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. JtJfop being again examined, said. That it would be of still further Utility, if a Navigable Cut, with a small Branch out of the fame, was made from certain Mines> situate in the Parish.of Session, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the intended Canal at or near Codnor Park aforesaid.

And being alked, From whence the Supply of Water is to be taken for the Use of the intended Canal and Cuts? he replied. Principally from the River Darwent, below Matlock , or from the

Streams and Brooks that run into the Darwent below that Place — That the Water may be so taken without doing any Injury to the Mills situate on the said River' — Thar, besides the Water which will be wanted from the River Darwent, it is expected a considerable Supply will be obtained from the Coal Mines: And the River Erewash, which now runs down the Valley, is meant to be conducted into the Erewash Canal, by the intended Canal, and, so far as it goes, will be an additional Supply for the said intended Canal.

And being alked. What Time it will take to Complete the said Canal? he said. That the Two Ends, which may be of great Utility, will be finished in about Two Years, and the Whole in about Four Years.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near Cromford Green, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Canal," at or

near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them; and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the County of Derby, and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into.

3 N the

2 30 Marlii.

Golford Green Roads Bill reported*

Bromley Road Bill reported.

Tonbridge Wells, fee. Small Debts Petition re* ported.

the Parish of Selfton, irt the County of Nottingham t And that Lord George Cavendij and Mr. do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for enlarging the Terra and Powers of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of , to

the Turnpike Road in the Parish of , and

frorrt the Green near Bertenden Church t;o The Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of was

committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,-and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the BHl, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had d hefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the' Bill, with the Amendments, strat the Clerk’s Table:. Where the Amendments tfere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon' the Question severally put thereupon, Wert agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. ’

'Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to \yhorn the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seyenth Year of His present Majesty, for. repairing, Widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road^ leading from the High Road between Bromley and Fdrnborough, in the County of Beggars Bush,

in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells to MdresfieM, in the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-reftedi him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One byOne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town, Village, or Place, called Tunbridge Wells, and the Parish of T, and the several PariThcs of Speldhurst, Penjburfty Pern bury,

Horsemanden, AJburJl, Lamberburst,

Chiddingjlotfc, Rotherfield, F Hart field, WJtbeyham, Tyceburst, and , in the

Counties of Kent and Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Hafper Sprange said. That Tunbridge , and the Kveral Parishes aforesaid, are very populous; and friany Persons within the Limits aforesaid contract Small Debts, and although well able frequently refute to pay the fame, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the great Expence and Delay in suing for such Debts. — And the Witness further Cjid, That if a more easy and speedy Method Was established for recovering Small Debts within the Limits aforesaid (except in some Part of the Parish of Tunbridge J it would tend to promote In-

duftry and useful Credit within the Parishes aforesaid.:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town, Village, or Place, called Tunbridge Wells,1 and the several Parishes of Speldhurst,

Pembury otherwise P'tppenbury, Horsemanden,

Ashburjl, Lamberbuft, Bidborough, Leigh,

Rotherfield, Frant otherwise Fant, Mayfield, Wadhurfi, Hartfield, Witbeybam, Tyjhurst, and Burwash, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And that Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honywood, and Mr. Thomas do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

A Petition of the High Sheriff, the Grand Jury, Justices, and others, assembled at the Assizes at ford, in the County of Norfolk, the 19th Day of March 1*789,. wais presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Act of Parliament, passed last Session, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, will be attended with great Trouble, Expence, and Difficulty, if carried into Execution, for that many of the Collectors of- the Land Tax arc illiterate; and unable to perform the several Duties which the Act requires of them, and in the Operation of the said Act great Trouble will be given to the Magistrates, and others affected thereby, and it will occasion Confufiori and Delay at contested Elections; and thatthefe, and many other Inconveniences resulting from the Execution of the Act to the Freeholders and Person9 Concerned, will, 7as the Petitioners apprehend, defeat the professed Intentions of the said Act, instead of ascertaining and securing the Rights of the County Freeholders: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be repealed.

A Petition of the acting Magistrates of the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was atfb presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner^ are greatly alarmed at the very heavy Expences which-they understand will be brought upon the said County in case the said Act Should be cafried into Execution, which Expences will be extremely oppressive and unequal, as falling wholly on the Occupiers of Lands and Tenements, the greater Part of whom are not Freeholders; and that the Petitioners conceive the carrying of the said Act into Execution, according to the drift Letter thereof, is Scarcely practicable, that it would create much additional Trouble to the Magistrates, occasion Confusion and Delay at contested County Elections, and be productive of many Hardships and Inconveniences to the Freeholders and Land Tax Collectors of the said County, and in its Conseqtiences abridge or destroy the Rights of the Freeholders, instead of securing them, which appears to have becri the Object of the Legislature in passing the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving the Footways of the several Streets, public Passages, and Places within the Town of Chelmsford, and Hamlet of Moulfham, in the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order,

Petitions from Norfolk $ and Oxford-Shire against the County Elections A&«

Chelmsford Paving Bill presented.

Streatham Workhouse Bill presented.

Shoreditch Roads Bill committed.

Bill to confirm the fnclosure of Idlicote Fields com* titled.

Sheridan's Divorce Bill committed.

Hatting Paving Bill frefented.

Tarporley

JtoadBM

committed.

Demczy'tNat. BUI presented.

231

Order, a Bill for building a Workhouse for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of «Streatham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End in the Parish of Saint Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly Rood, to the Market Place in Ein the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Bush Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to confirm an Inclosure heretofore made of certain Open Fields, in the Parish of Idlicote, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Greville, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Anthony Demezy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ewer prefenred to the House, according to Patton Indo-Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and rur!-®,l'i Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and pre *" Grounds, in Button,alias Podington, in the Village or Tything of Eafion,in the Parish of , alias

West Chickerill, in the County of D And the same was received; and redd the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourth Whitby Year of the Reign of Hxs present Majesty, for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, eomB,t and publje Passages, withip the Town o( Whitby, in the County of York, and for..preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein> and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there,^od for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and also fof lighting and watching tfhe said Streets, Lanes, AUey& and public Passages, for widening some, of them, anq for making convenient Approaches to, the fridge over the River EJk, within the said Town., was read 3 Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Brett, &c: And they are tp meet this,

Afternoon, at Five oif the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the-. Marriage of Henry Fortick Sheridan, Esquire, with LydiaFergujfone, his. now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, snd for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time. r

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 31st Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an. Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses,

Mr. John Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways, of and within the Town and Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, within the said Town and Port: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road' from ‘Tarporley,in the County Palatine of

Chester, to Alton Bridge, near Weaverham, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-hraham, Mr. Crewe, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Medley presented to the House, according to

' The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill for repeai-of clic Bill for repealing an A£fr, made in the JfeSV lait Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act , for deferred.

*5 the better securing the Rights of; P$j-fons qualified.

" to vote at County Elections;"

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Scpond Time, upon Friday Morning next.

' !. 1

The Hoqfe being informed that Mr. Mitjord, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attend- Ipor*"d ed at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Sug»r» pre-

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum ftDted' and Sugar, into and from Scotland, for the Year ending Christmas 1788 (viz.from 5 th January 1788 to 5 th

January 1789) with the Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Account *f the Commissioners of Excise in , attended at E^l’or|'<^nd

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Rum[pres*nt. to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum, into and from Scotland, for the Year ending 1788, with the Duties of Excise, and Drawbacks paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selfipn.

The House being informed that M from Account of the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising s^pC£>utiet, by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented. and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An

43° — z4‘

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, with the Tptal, from the 5th of January 1788 to the 5th of January 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Report Ways Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the

.; . , Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had d I reded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Land Tax. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of Mar(b 1789, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon ‘Tweed-, and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article Of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Malt. Resolved, That.it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1789, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great , from the 23d

Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day of June 1790.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Rliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Corn Regu- A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the commiued. Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating and

" ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned," was read a Second Time.

Rejolvtd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

8l»reTrade t* The House was moved. That the Entries in the be coofidered. journai of the House of the 9th Day of May, in the Jaft Session of Parliament, of reading the Titles of the several Petitions which had been presented to the

Martii. A. 1789*

House in that Session, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade 5 and, of the unanimous Resolution of the House thereupon, " That this House " will, early in the next Session of Parliament, proceed " to take into Consideration the Circumstances of " the Slave Trade, complained of In the said Petitions, and what may be fit to be done thereupon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will* upon the

23d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of {he whole House, to consider of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade complained of in the said Petitions.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve- Orchfontand ralty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows. Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other commiu i. Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Urchfont and Beechingstoke, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Addington, Mr. Bouverie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Ways and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the d* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the d"et'cd-whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 24° die Mar tii;

Anno 29° Georgii- IIItM Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

J NT HO NTDemezy took the Oaths appointed, Denny in order to his Naturalization. lWjrn*

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Alfent Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Affent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Can- >

teriury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain,

SumJerlind Road BiJl passed.

Bishop Wenr-niouth Road Bill passed.

29 Geo. III.

tain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of I Iis Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for ponishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of so

far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States:

An Act for the Improvement of Mar.chfp.er Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary-in the County of AliJdlcjex:

An Act for more efrVftually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts of the Sixteenth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of in the County of

Nerf: Ik:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the

' # O

Reign of lli* prclent Majesty, as relaces to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Ings or Meadow Ground, called BmJly I?:*sf and Two Moors or Commons, called Upper Byaduy Corr^cn, and Lozier lit *7r/A v within the Manor of

in the l\irish of kiltLjUk} in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to enable Ralph lV:ll:s> Esquire (lately called Ralph Farle) and the Ilcirs Male of his body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of /, nils only, pursuant to the Will of Dr.U.cl lYilds, Llquire, dcccaled:

An Act for naturalizing Nathaniel R\ndt:

An Act for naturalizing J.hn Gottli.h K!cpf:ry ‘John 1! "ill:am Ucprl, and 1 Jerry Sffien:

An Act for the Naturalization of Jacob SiorJj and James Leziis Uiordet:

An Act for the Naturalization of Lcziis Pourtalcs.

An innrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Muicity King (irerye the Second, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of 1 I is prclent Majesty, for repairing die Road from Sunder I am! near die Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolveci, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County

Ordered, That Sir JohnF.den do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for altering, railing, widening, repairing, and preserving the Road leading from the Town of ' Bide of llearmouth,near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Norton, near Stock-ton, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering, raising, widening, repaying, and preserving the Road leading from the Town of Vol. XLIV.

*33

Bishop Weamouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Norton, near Stockton, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir John Eden do carry the Bill tQ the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to Longhbo-whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, portej. Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr,

11 "il.:am Jeffcp, an Engineer, being examined, said, That he has surveyed the River Soarand made the Estimate annexed to the Petition — That it is practicable to make the said River navigable by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the fame, anti making ncccll'.ry Cuts and Deviations ty the Sides thereof, as described in the annexed Plan, from a certain Place called Bishop's Men dove,in or near the Liberty of

Gai rend n,to Bra row upon Scar, and from thence to the Town of Leicejhr, and that it will be a good and useful Navigation, anti, he conceives, of public Utility, by I'upplying the Country with Coals, Lime, and other heavy Goods and Merchandize, at a less Price than at prefenr.

And the Witness further said, That he has also made a Survey of the Rivers //- reakand and is of Opinion that those Rivers may be made navigable for Boats and other Vessels, in the Manner described in the Petition and Plan; which Improvements will be of equal Advantage to the Country, by reducing tl:e Price of Goods and Merchandize.

And he added, That the above Works may be executed, according to the Plan, for the Sums mentioned in the Ultimate annexed to the Petition. — Then,

Mr. llil.ia;nRead, of Leicester, being examined,

said, That the Improvements before mentioned will be of great general Utility, not only within the Line of the Navigation, but also a considerable Distance from it, particularly to the Counties of Northampton,

Rutland, and Lincoln.

Mr. Robert Hollingpeead,of MMove bray, being also examined, said, 'That the proposed Navigation will be of great Advantage to the Town of Meltcn Mo wbray, by reducing the Price of Coals One Third, , and also the Carriage or Lime, and other heavy Goods, in a great Proportion; and that the whole County of Rutland will be supplied with Coals by Means of the latter Improvement, and Part of the County of Lincoln, particularly the Town of Stamford.

Mr. II kite, the Agent for the Petition, previcufly informed the Committee, That the Parties for the Application having made their Option to take the River Line for the Navigation, did not mean to produce any Evidence for the Canal Line.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Soar navigable, from its Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrenhn,in the County of Leicester, to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near H cjl Bridge, in the Pari of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leiceper, and for making the River IVreak navigable, from its Junction with the River Scar, in or near the Lordship of Copit:gton, to the River Eye, and for making such Jail mentioned River navi-

,3 O gable

24° Martii.

Hertford* bndge Hill Roads bill committed.

OilINim Road Biii committed.

fit. Pancrat Paving Bill prclcmed.

Jickfon'i Nat# Bill piefcnted.

Muller Roll* of Ships that rctuined to LonHon, Li. veqHjol, and othti Places, from A'nca, the West Indies, &.C. ordered.

b’lflford, Nantwtch, and C belter Road Kill com-

lUlMtd.

234 24° Martii. 1 i^p*

gable to Mill Close Homefead, in the Parish of Melton

Mowbray, in the said County: And that Mr. 'Hunger-ford and Mr. Pocbin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from bridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Odibam, in the County of Southampton, and for extending the Limits of the said last mentioned Road, from the present Termination thereof in the said Town of Odibam, to the Road leading from thence through the said Town, to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tletbwayte, Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Odibam, in the County of Southampton, to Farnbam, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Rejoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

thwayte, Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the Streets, and other public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the North and South Sides of the new Road leading from Paddington to

Islington, called Sommers T, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Jackson: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Muster Rolls of all Vessels that returned to London, Liverpool, and Bristol, from the Coast of Africa, from the ift of January 1785 to the 31st of March 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Muster Rolls of all the Ships trading to the West Indies, that returned to the Ports of Liverpool, Bristol, Lancaster, Glasgow, and Greenock, for the fame

Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Muster Rolls of all the Ships trading to the East Indies, that returned to the Port of London, for the same Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Muster Rolls of all the Ships trading to Newfoundland, that returned to the Ports of Poole and Dartmouth, for the same Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Muster Rolls of all the Ships employed in the Greenland Fishery and Baltic Trade, and returned to Hull, in the Years 1784, 1785, and 1786.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford,in the Post Road towards the City

of defer, through Woor, in the County of Sa.lop, to

A \iutuich,in the County of , and from NanU

wieb to Tarporley, and from thence through i:i the said County of defer, to the said City of Chcfer,

together with a certain other Road therein mentioned*, so far as relates to the First District of the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunt, Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. *

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Doncafer, through the Parish of Penifott, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in

the County of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 47. 1. 2.

Leave out from tc for " to " any " in Line 9, and in the same Line leave out " other."

After <c except " insert " the said " Vicar, and the Vicar for the " Time being, and also."

Leave out from " to " to " such " in Line 26.

Leave out " other."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. lleneage do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

1. 11.

1. 2 <

1. 27.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for haying, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the Peoples Rights;

The House was moved, That so much of the Form of Prayer, with the Thanksgiving, appointed to be used Yearly on the 5th Day of November, as relates to the happy Arrival of his Majesty King William on that Day, for the Deliverance of our Church and Nation, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the Peoples Rights: And that Mr. Beaufoy and the Lord Muncafer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Donc?ft«r Road Bill reported.

Lords Amendments to Lower Swell Inclosure Bill agreed lo.

Bill to eftnbiish a Thanki-giving for the Resolution, ordered.

29 Geo. III. 24b — ^25°- — 27° 235

Kiait Bill Mr. Ro/e presented to the Hbufe, according to Or- , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be.

Rented. der, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Ma- ingrossed. jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cydter, and

Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com- Nonhumhtr-Seven hundred and Eighty-nine: And the same was mittee, to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Per-received; and read the First Time. fons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name repoued.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and Style of " The Northumberland Fishery Society,"

and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe land Tax Bill Mr. Rojepresented to the House, according to Or* a Capital Joint Stock, for more effectually support-pcfcnted. der> a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a ing, conducing, and increasing such Fishery, was Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- committed; That the Committee had examined the vice of the Year One thousand- Seven hundred and Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Eighty-nine: And the same was received; and read true; and that the Committee had gone through the the First Time. Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-Account* re- Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the follow- vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

Shvffrad'eto *n§Accounts, which were presented to the House in the Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read

beptinud. last Session of Parliament, be printed, as shall be suffi- throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One;

cient for the Use of the Members of the House; viz. and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were --The Second, Third; Fourth, and Fifth of the Ac- agreed to by the House.

counts presented upon the nth Day of March, by Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be Mr. Mitford,from the Commissioners of the Customs ingrossed. in Scotland — the Two last of the Accounts presented

upon the 17th Day of March,by Mr. Pearjon, from the A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Malt Bill Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, comm,t,ed*

Great Britain — the First Account presented upon the for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun-

16th Day of April, by Mr. ‘Turner, from the Com- dred and Eighty-nine, was read a Second Time, missioners of the Customs — the Two Accounts pre- Re/olved, That the Bill be committed, fented upon the 25th Day of April,by Mr. Mitford, That the Bill be committed to a Commir-

from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland — tee of the whole House.

and, the Three last of the Accounts presented upon That this House will, upon Morning

the 23d Day of May,by Mr. Pear/on,from the Com- next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

missioners of the Customs. House, upon the said Bill.

£c'ount °J Ordered, That there be laid before this Hotife, an Bxcise,*0 Account of the Gross and Net Produce of all the

Stamps, and Taxes under the Head of Excite, Stamps, and Inci-

derei"'*°r" ^enrs» from the respective Offices in Great Britain, distinguishing the Sums paid out of the Gross Produce, under each particular Head, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurit, 250 Martii j

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

House resolves to adjourn to Friday.

Prayers.

"DESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

Wakefield and Abberford Road Bill reported.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- mituCd.m* vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was fead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to lit. Committees notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way»an<* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

V tneris, 270 die Martii;

Anno 49° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1789,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Goifor.iOreen Powers of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His prel’ent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Gol/ord Green, in

the

Bfomlfy Road Bill passed.

WikcfieM and Abbci told Koid Bill palLd.

T i.nbrld^e -Wdls, A- c.

'* ^«i ill Dfhti Kill jncKnud.

Halting Fav» inp HiU cun* muted*

Ku j IVm.oO ifj'oi Ivd.

the Parish of Cranbrocke, to the Turnpike Road in

the Parish of Sandhurst, and from the Green near Bener.den Church to the Bull Inn at Cross, in

the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrocke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of , and from the Green near BenendenChurch to the Bull Inn at Rdvenden Cross,in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Ah rfleam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Termand Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Far).borough,in the County of Kent, to

Beggars Bttfo, in the Turnpike Road leading from

I unbridge IF ells to Alar afield, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High. Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge to Marcsfcld,in the county of : Suffix.

Ordered, That Mr. Ahirjhamdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of to the Town of

Allerford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of in

the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Marfi.am presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speeily Recovery of Small Debts within the Town, Village, or Place, called Tunbridge Wells, and the several Parishes of

Speldhurfi, Penjhurfi, Pemburyotherwise

Brenchley, Horjemanden, AfiobLamberburfi, Bid-

lorcugh, Leigh, Chidingftone, Frant other-

wile Fant, Mayfield, IFadburfi,liartfield, Witheyham,

Tyjhurfi, and Lur-jocjb, in the Counties of Kent and Suffix: And the same was received ;and read the First Time.

'Acjolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and idr repairing the Highways, of a.ul within the Town ami Port of in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments within the said Town and Port, was read a Second Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Stanley, Mr. Mvfi.mm, See. :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

Loid Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the lntubitants, and ado ot llvcral Owners of Inns ami Houses in

II halt I y, in the County o i Oxwas re fared; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, but the Piece of Road intended to be added to the Trust is not above One hundred Yards in Length, and that it is not intended to erect any Gate, or take any Toll thereon j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James Morell, Esquire, being examined, said. That Wheatley is a considerable Village, in which there are several Inns, with large Stables, and other Conveniences, erected for the Accommodation of Travellers — That the Turnpike Road from St to for-

merly went through the said Village, but has been since turned and carried on the North Side thereof, near to tnoft or all of the Yards belonging to the said Inns — That a Branch of the said Turnpike Road separates from the other Part thereof, near the Ealt End of the said Village, and goes to Enfiow Bridge.

And the Witness further said, That by the Provisio.os of a Bill now depending, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, paded in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enfiow Bridge, and from Bridge

to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church', near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Wood-fiock, in the said County; and for making, amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Cheyney Lane to Headington Hill, to join the present Enfiow Branch of Road in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Shotover Hill, to the said Enfiow Branch, the present Road adjoining to the said Village would cease to be a Turnpike, and the said Enfiovj Branch only remain Turnpike, which is at some Distance from the said Village, which he conceived would be injurious to the Inhabitants thereof, and Owners of Estates therein, and not so convenient to Travellers.

That there is a Road not more than One hundred Yards in Length between the Two before-mentioned Branches of the said Turnpike Road, near the West End of the said Village, and which is narrow, incommodious, and out of Repair; and that if the said Piece of Road, which connects the Two Branches of the present Turnpike Road, were to be put under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said Turnpike, and the present Turnpike, lying between such Piece of Road and the Junction of the Oxford and Enfiow Branches, were to remain Turnpike, instead of being discontinued, as intended by the said Bill, it would be beneficial to the said Village of Wheatley, and an Accommodation to the Public; and that after such Pieceofadditional Road shall be properly amended and widened, that Part of the said Enfiow Branch of Road which lies between such Road of Communication and a Public House near the East End of the said Village of Wheatley, where the said Two Branches of Road unite, may be discontinued if the 1 ruflees shall see fit to discontinue repairing the fame.

Ordered, Thar it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the i>: 11 to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, p.1 fil'd 1:1 the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of I t: s prri'cut Majesty, for repairing and widen’! g the Koa.l fio-.ji stokenchin the County of x Oxford,

-i

Wifwell Incloi'ure Bill reported.

Northumberland Fishery Society Bill passed.

Westminster Society Bill prblented.

29 Geo. III.

2 7

Martii.

2 37

Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the

Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke to New Woodstock, in the said County; and for making, amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of CheyneyLane up Headington to join the

present Enflow Branch of Road in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Sbctover Hill, to the said Enfow Branch, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision.in the said Bill for continuing Turnpike so much of the present Turnpike Road between the Jundtion of th and Oxford Branches of Road and Cheyney Lane, by the said Bill proposed to be discontinued, as lies between such Junction and the Highway leading from Wheatley to Holton, near the West End of Wheatley aforesaid, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Highway, leading from Wheatley to Holton, to where the same joins the said Enflow Branch of Road; and also, for enabling the Trustees of the said Road to discontinue the Repair of so much of the said Enflow Branch of Road as lies between the Junction of the said Two Branches, and the said Road of Communication intended to be amended.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called Wifwell Moor, in the Township of Wifwell and Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee . had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Ap 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,' and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name and Style of *{ The Northumberland Fishery Society," and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Capital Joint Stock, for mote effectually supporting, conducting, and increasing such Fishery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name and Style of " The Northumberland Fishery Society," and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Capital Joint Stock, for more effectually supporting, conducting, and increasing such Fishery.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Henry Hoghton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society, for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of, Lives and Survivor-Vol. XLIV.

ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Major Moore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of , and other

Roads communicating the rewith, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Shaw Stewart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through the County of Renfrew, and the Bridge cross the River Inchinnan; for regulating the Statute Labour of the said County; and for raising an additional Assessment for building Bridges: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company for smelting down Lead with Pit Coal and Sea Coal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House* and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Royal Charter, bearing Date the th Day of October, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for incorporating certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Style and Title of The Governor and Company for smelting down Lead with Pit and Sea Coal," was produced to your Committee, and read.

And it appeared by a Clause in the said Charter, that it is provided and commanded, That no Person shall have any Interest in or be admitted into the said Company, until he hath first taken, in open Court, before the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Company, the Oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of the said King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and " Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths And,

' Mr. Robert Aflett, who has been Secretary to the said Governor and Company for Forty-five Years, being examined, said, That many Inconveniences have arisen on Account of the said Clause, as the Purcha-fers and Holders of Shares in the said Undertaking are obliged to take the Oaths in open Court, before the Governor and Company, which Court must be held either in London or Westminster — That Catholics, and Persons residing Abroad, are precluded from becoming Purchasers of such Shares, which is of considerable De-

3 P triment

Chf o\v Roa 1* K,!

p JltCvi.

Renfrew Roads sill presented.

Smeltlnpr T-eai Company's Petition reported.

Petition from Gloucester-flure against ihr County Electioni Act.

Petition firora flic Trustee* of Cromford Bridge Roads a£iinft Cromford Canal

Bill.

138 27°

triment to the Company, as the Shares are for these Reasons less valuable and negociable than they would ©therwile be.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for removing certain Difficulties respecting the Qualification of the Proprietors of Shares in the Company for smelting down Lead with Pit Coal and Sea Coal: And that Mr. Mainwariand Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Freeholders of the County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Settim* forth, That an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and that the Petitioners conceive the carrying of the said Act into Execution, according to the drift Letter thereof, is scarcely practicable, that it would create much additional Trouble to the Magistrates, occasion Confusion and Delay at County Elections, and be productive of many Hardships and Inconveniences to the Freeholders of the said County, and, in its Consequences, abridge or destroy their Rights, indead of securing them, which appears to have been the Object of the Legislature in passing the said Act: And therefore praying. That such Measures may be taken to repeal the said Act, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike " Road at or near Langley M, in the said County and the other passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and intituled, "An Act to " enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley " Mill,in the said County," was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That, for performing the Truds granted by the said fird-mentioned Act, considerable Sums of Money were, soon after the passing thereof, subscribed on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road, which being found insufficient to make and form the Road, and the Tolls of the said Road to keep the same in Repair, and to pay the Intered of the Monies subscribed, considerable Sums were borrowed, with the Concurrence of the Subscribers, who agreed to give a Priority of Security to the Lenders of the lad Monies; and that the Petitioners are informed Application is making to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Langley Bridge to Cromford aforesaid, and a Branch out of the said Canal from Codnor Park to -ton, and the Petitioners are also informed, that that Part of the said intended Canal which is proposed to be made from Langley Bridge to Cromford is, in every Part of it, intended to pass through the same Country, through which the said Turnpike Road now leads, and for the greatest Part of the Length thereof very near to the said Turnpike Road; and that the Tolls raised upon the said Turnpike Road have, till lately, been found insufficient to keep the Road in Repair, and to keep down the Interest of the Monies borrowed upon the Credit thereof, no Part of the Principal Mo-

Martii. A. 1789a

nies last borrowed having been discharged till the 8th Day of OEloker last, nor any Interest paid to the Sub-

feribers of the first Monies since the ift Day of January 1776; and that the greater Part of the said Tolls is raised from the Carriage of Coals, Lime, and Lead, and, if the said intended Bill Should be passed into a Law, and the proposed Canal completed, the said Tolls will be greatly lessened, to the manifest Injury of the said Turnpike Road, and of the Subscribers of Monies upon the Credit of the said Tolls, by Reason that the Proprietors of the said intended Canal will be enabled to carry Coals, Limestone, Lead, and all other heavy Articles, at much lower Rates than the same can be carried by Land; and that the Petitioners conceive it to be incumbent on them, in Justice to the Persons who have lent Monies on the said Turnpike Acts, to oppose, as far as in them lies, the passing of any Bill for making such Canal from Langley Bridge to Cromford: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of ’Thomas Evans, Esquire, Samuel Fox, Petition from Esquire, William Strctton, Gentleman, and others, oMhrDrrwent

whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Navigation the Navigation from the Town of Derby, on the River Derwent,to the River Trent,under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making the River Derwent, in ft the County of Derby, navigable," was also presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill, to make a Navigable Canal from Cromford, in the County of Derby, to Langley Bridge, in the same County, and the said intended Canal mud, as the Petitioners are informed, be supplied with Water out of the said River or from some Brooks or Streams which fall into it j and that the Petitioners conceive, the said Navigation from the Town of Derby will be materially aftefted by any Part of the said River, or any Brooks or Streams which fall into it, being diverted from their present Course, whereby the Property of the Petitioners in the said Navigation would be essentially injured, and the Inhabitants of the said Town of Derby, and its Vicinity, deprived, in a great Degree, of the Advantage intended by the Legislature in making the said River navigable, under the Powers and Authorities of the said Act: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near Cromford Green, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Canal at or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or one of them; and also Two Collateral Cuts, one from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill,to or near Pinxton Mill, in the County of Derby, and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of Selfton, in the County of Nottingham, be brought in.

Sir ArchibaldEdmonstone reported from the Com- Silnt James, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Rector and Weitmmrt«r, Churchwardens of the Parish of James, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was refer- ported, red} That the Committee had examined the Matter

Bridlington Harbour Petition reported.

29 Geo. III. 270 Martii. 239

ter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Luke ldefon, Esquire, being examined, said, that from the great Increase of the Inhabitants the present Cemetery, or Burial Ground, is become too small, and there is not any proper Place within the said Parish that can be appropriated for the Purpose of an additional Burial Ground; that it would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants, if Powers were given for purchasing, or otherwise providing a Piece of Ground for that Purpose, in some near or adjoining Parish; and for building thereon a Chapel, and a House for the Residence of the Clergyman who shall be appointed to officiate therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Wef and erecting a

Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead: And that Sir Archibald Edmonf.one and Sir Richard Sutton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for putting in Execution the Acts passed for repairing the Piers of Bridlington, alias , in the East

Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of King William the Third, the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of King George the First, and the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the

Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, were read; whereby it appeared, that certain Duties, Taxes, and Powers, were granted and continued for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing, and amending the said Piers of Bridlington: Then,

Mr. Thomas Harland being examined, said. That the said Piers, as well as the Harbour, have, by virtue of the said Acts,. been enlarged and improved at a very great Expence,'but the said Piers, being built of Timber, are subject to a considerable Annual Expence, and liable to sudden and great Damage by the Violence of the Sea.

And he further said, That the said Piers and Harbour are capable of being further improved, and made more extensively useful; by lengthening the Piers, and performing other Works in and about the Harbour, but the same cannot be done, nor the present Works supported and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the recited Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Mr. Bryan Taylor being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, repairing, and amending the Piers of alias

Burlington, in the County of York: And that Mr.

Blackburne, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Mechen Jfcoed, and Bias y Dinas, in the County of Montgomery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of,

in the room of the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the cth July 1788: And also.

An1 Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge, from the 29th Day of September 1787, exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1788, inclusive: A^d also. An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for making a Street or Opening from Moorfields to Chijwell Street, &c. from the 29th Day of September 1787, exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1788, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of ,. in pursuance of

an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, &c. from the 29th Day of September 1787, exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1788, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City and Liberties thereof, &c. from the 29th Day of September 1787, exclusive, to the 29th Day of September-ipii, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. ‘ Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Franklin, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross Annual Amount of the Duties arising in the Plantations, and of the Charges of Management, and of the Net Produce, for the Year 1787, dist the several Ports, and the Charges paid by the Receiver General from the other Charges: And also,

A State of the , Cash Account of the Receiver General and Cashier of His Majesty’s Customs, for the Year ending the 5th January 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and State were read.

Ordered,

Mechm Tfcoed and Phs y Dinas Incloune Bill presented.

Gloucester-Shire Writ.

Accounts from Cham her I a in’s Office, presented.

Account of Plantation Duties; and State of Cash Account of Custom*, presented.

Chelmsford Paving Hill committed*

Cillicoe Printers bill pretested*

Petition from the Shop Tax Commissioners withdrawn.

Hill for repealing County Klections A&, committed*

Bill to suspend County Elections Awl, ordered.

Mu It Bill dc-

tci icvl.

Lam! Tjx Bill dekired.

Ordered, That the said Account and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and State arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for paving the Footwavs of the several Streets, public Passa'es, and Places, within the Town of Chelmsford', and Hamlet of in the Parish

of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ston, Mr. Strutt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Neivnbam presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of the Arts of designing and print- ing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Mullins, by " veiling the Properties thereof in the Designers, " Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time:" And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition, purporting to be a Petition of the Commissioners qualified to put in Execution the Acts of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read;

And it appearing that the said Petition was signed only by One Person, describing himself to be Chairman at a Meeting of the said Commissioners;

The said Petition was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the lid Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for a Time to be limited, the Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Rights of Per- Tons qualified to vote at County Elections," and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. Sumner, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Bear croft, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

R-fohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to H is Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cycler, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to

His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunez, 30° die Martii;

Anno 290 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

1

Prayers.

AB I LL for building a Workhouse for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Streathc.m, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord William Rujf&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Corporation of the Amicable Society for a perpetual Assurance Office, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of eliablishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners were erected into a Corporation for the Purpose of making Assurances upon Lives, and they apprehend that the said Bill will be injurious to the Public in general, and to the said Corporation in particular: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame, and that the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " and that the " Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against " the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon To-morrov Sevennight, the 7th Day of next.

A Bill for naturalizing Anthony Demezy, was read a Second Time.

§ Refohed,

Ways and Mrans deferred.

Supply deferred.

Streatham W01 khouse Bill committed*

Petition from the Amicable Society, again It the Westminster Society Bill*

Demczv’s Nat. Bill committed.

Glasgow Ko;uls Bill passed.

Forfar Roads Bill presented.

Stanwell and Sliipcot Inclosure Bill reported.

Salat George, Hanover Square Poor, &c. Petition reported.

20 Geo. III. 20° Martii.241

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Medley, Mr. Brett,&c.: And they are to meet this.After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Aningrofled Bill for making and repairing the Road from the City of G, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from

thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith.

Ordered, That Major Moore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, and Lammas Lands and Commons', Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stanwell and Hammonds, otherwise Shipcot, and in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied withj and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the' Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £. 164. 14J. or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors 220. 5 8

per Annum, or thereabouts, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except some small Proprietors of about £. 76 per Annum, who could hot be found; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure amounts to £. 2,929. 5 4 per Annum, or

thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen, of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, assembled in Vestry, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Vot. XLIV.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Perition, several Acts of Parliament for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and amending the i Iighways, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Biadles, and for paving, repairing, cleanfirg, and lighting fe\ eral of the Streets and other public Places and Passages within the said Parish, were read; And,

Mr. John Leigh being examined, said. That the Acts for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and amending the Highways* and for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles, within the said Parish, are found in some Respects defective and inconvenient, particularly with respect to the Clauses granting an Appeal against the Rate to the Quarter Sessions, for where a Rate has been quashed upon an Appeal, Persons have removed out of the Parish before a new Rate could be made and collected, and the Money charged on such Persons has on that Account been loll. And the Witness said. Doubts had arisen how far the Vestry, or Governors and Directors of the Poor, were authorized in paying Salaries, and making Allowances to their Clerks and other Officers.

Mr. JohnAuftin being examined, said, That there are several Defects in the Act ‘for paving, cleanfin?, and lighting the said Parish, particularly with respect to the Time and Manner of making and collecting the Rate and that the Mode directed ro be pursued in paying off the several Creditors who have advanced. Money on the Credit of the Act, is found very improper to be continued, and requires to be altered.

Mr. John Leigh being further examined, said, That it is proposed to repeal the several Laws before mentioned, and comprize them in One Act, which would be of Advantage to the Parish — -That there is a Piece of Ground behind the Workhouse, which is made use of as a common Burial Ground, and it would be a Convenience to the Poor Persons in the Workhouse, if the same was discontinued as a Burial Ground, and appropriated for an Area or Yard to the said Workhouse.' And he added. That there would be still left sufficient Ground for the Interment of the Inhabitants, as a large Burial Ground hath been purchased f >r the Use of the Parish, and has been used as a common Burial Ground for several Years.~ And the Witness said, That the Vestry have lately caused a new Workhouse and Watchhouse to be ereftrd in Mount , with convenient Rooms and Offices for tranrafting the Business of the Parish, and safe-keeping of the Parochial Books and Papers, and that the whole Expencie thereof amounts to about jf. 8,000, the Whole of which, except1 a small Part, hath been already paid out of the Money raised by the Rates for the Relief of the Poor* — That in order to enable the Vestry to lay the Parochial Rates with the greater Equality, a Survey and Valuation has been made of the Houses and Estates within the said Parish, and the Expence of making the said Survey and Valuation hath been paid, out of the Money raised by the said Rates, and Disputes have arisen among the Parishioners, upon Account of the said Payments having been made out of the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor. And the Witness further said. That no Meeting of the Vestry can be holden, unless the Rector of the Parish (or in his Absence his Curate) and the Churchwardens, are present, which has frequently been found inconvenient; and that the present Vestry Room is too small, and otherwise incommodious for transacting the Business of the Parish. And he added. That it would be a great Convenience to the Vestry Men, if they were nOt confined to hold all their Meetings in the present Vestry Room, and if they were authorized

3 Q,

Wifwell In. closure Bill passed.

Wanstead Church Petition re* ported.

Bridlinpton Ha'hour Bill pt dented.

to hold their Meetings without the Rector and Churchwardens being present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover within the

Liberty of the City of Westminster; for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish; for apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain Expences incurred on Account of the said Parish; for discontinuing the common Ulc of the Burial Ground behind the Workhouse, and for making some Alterations relative to the Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish: And that Mr. Hunt, Lord Frederick Campbell, and Mr.

Jbam, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called fVifwell Moor\ in the Township of fVifwell, and Parish of , in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called IVifwellMoor, in the Township of fVifwell, and Parish of fVballey, ini the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir James Tylney Long, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-building the Church of the Parish of otherwise Wanfttad, in the County of was re-

ferred } That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz. / -

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

George Bowles, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Sum of £. 3,000, thereby authorized to be raised, is not suficient to defray the Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution; but if Power was given to grant Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship, or in such other Manner as may be found expedient, a sufficient Sum might be raised, without making any ad-dional Rates — That it is proper some of the Vaults under the' Church, now erecting, Should be fold, and the Money applied for the Benefit of the Parishioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for re-building the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary, alias ff 'anstead,

in the County of Essex: And that Sir James Tylney Long and Mr . Bramston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill fur enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, palfed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King Williamthe Third, and in the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington,in the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Ships at North and South Shields, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That King James the First, by Letters Patent, granted certain Hereditaments at Bridlington, otherwise Burlington, in the County of York, subject to the Repairs of the then Piers there, and, by virtue of several subsequent Acts of Parliament, certain Duties, Taxes, and Tolls, were granted and continued, for extending, better maintaining, and amending the same, which have Continuance till the Year 1791 j and that, by Means of the same Piers, the Harbour of Bridlington, otherwise Burlington, is of the grea'test public Utility, at all Times a Place of

f'reat Safety, and particularly advantageous to Ships requenting that Coast: And therefore praying. That such proper Provision may be made for the Support and Maintenance of the fame, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, " in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting the " said Parish, and establishing a regular Nightly " Watch therein," was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch,to the furthermost Parc of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch Hous? in Edmonton formerly flood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County j and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains certain Provisions and Regulations, which the Petitioners apprehend will interfere with their Proceedings in the Execution of the Trulls reposed in them by the said Act, and will be productive of much Inconvenience and considerable Detriment to the Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the said Parish: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now (lands.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, in the County of

Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That there are several Provisions and Regulations in the said Bill, which the Petitioners apprehend would, if carried into Effect, be burthensome and oppressive on the Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the said Parish: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now (lands.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Land, Inhabitants, and Parishioners, respectively, within the Parish of Hornjey, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Land Owners, Inhabitants, and Parishioners, within the said Parish, was allb presented to the House, and read , likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, in case the said Bill shall

pass

Petition from Shields, in Favour of Bridlington Harbour Bill.

Petition from the Trusteea of Hackney Poor, against Shoreditch Roads Bill.

Petition from the Inhabitants of Hackney afcainst D® Bill.

Petition from Horn lev against D® Bill.

Petition from 1 (line ton against Shore-Hitch Roads Bill.

Petition from Newington against D° Bill.

Walpole Embanking and inclosure Petition re* ported.

pass into a Law, that they, and the rest of the Land Owners, Inhabitants, and Parishioners aforesaid, will be greatly oppressed, and materially injured thereby: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as the same relates to the Parish of Hor, and that the House will make such Order for their Relief in the Premises as the Justice of their same shall require.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Land, and Inhabitants, within the Parish of Saint Mary IJlingtonin the County of Middle f ex > was also presented to the House, and read; like-wife taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That by the said Bill the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, and other Parishes therein named, are intended to be charged with several Yearly Sums, to be paid by the Overseers of the Poor of the said respective Parishes, to the Trustees for the Repair of the said Roads, out of the Monies collected, or to be collected, for the Relief of the Poor of the said respective Parishes, in Lieu of all Statute Duty to be performed by such Parishes respectively on the said Roads $ and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law as it now Hands, would be injurious to the Petitioners and others, the Owners of Land, and Parishioners rated to the Poor within the said Parish of Saint Mary Islington: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said- Bill as may affedl them, and that the same may not pass as it now (lands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Land, Inhabitants, and Parishioners, respectively, within the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newin, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Land Owners, Inhabitants, and Parishioners, within the said Parish, was like wife presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill.; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, in case the said Bill shall pass into a Law, that they, and the rest of the Land Owners, Inhabitants, and Parishioners aforesaid, will be greatly oppressed, and materially injured thereby: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as the same relates to the said Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newingand that the House will make such Order for their Relief in the Premises as the Justice of their same shall require.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an lnftruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Cony and Maxey Allen, both of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, Esquires, William Hardyman, of the same Place, Gentleman, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages in the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had. examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th. of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him so re-

port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Fawjett being examined, said, That there are within the several Manors of Walpole, formerly Eldreds, and West Walton, formerly The Dukes, in the Township of Walpole, a Common or Waste Ground, called The Salt Marsh, lying on the South East Side of the River or Channel running from Wisbech to the Sea, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds.

That the said Salt Marsh is frequently overflowed with the Tides, whereby the Feed is injured, and the Cattlefeeding thereon frequently drowned; ancf it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Salt Marsh, and other Commons or Waste Grounds were embanked, inclosed, and divided.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking the Common Salt Mar(h within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the fame, and several other Commons within the said Township: And that Sir John Wodehouse and Sir Edward AJlley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ewer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Arthur Amejley Robe Esquire,

and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Powellpurfuant to the Will of John Powell, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Putton, alias Podington, in the Village or Tything of Eafion,in the Parish of ChickeriM, alias WestCbickerill, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive that the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights; of Persons qualified to vote at' County Elections, cannot be carried into Effect, according to the strict Letter thereof, without the greatest Difficulty and Inconvenience, and that the lame, if possibly carried into Effect, will, in its Operation, tend to defeat the intended Purpose; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill hath been brought in to repeal the said Act, and they conceive that it will be for the Benefit of the Freeholders of the County of Northumberland if such Act is repealed: And therefore praying, That the Bill lately brought in for that Purpose may be suffered to pass into a Law, or that the House will take such other Meafores as they shall see fit for repealing the said Act of last Session.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of the County of Derby, assembled at the Assizes holden at Derby, the 25th Day of March 1789, v/as also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the very heavy Expences which they understand will be brought upon the County of Derby, in case the said Act should be carried into Execution; that, according to the llridl Letter of the Act, it is scarcely practicable, that it would create much additional Trouble to the Magistrates, occasion Confusion and Delay at contested

County

Robert*’* Name Bill presented*

Putton Inclosure Bill committed.

Petitions from Northumberland j and Derbjrj against the County Eltftion* Act.

Smelting Lead Company'*

Bill indented.

Old Street Road Petition reported.

Petition from

ihr Si«t|i i ax t’lnmillionr j i lor a Rcpc il ihoie A^t*.

244 30 0 Martii 17Bp;

County Elections, and be productive of many Hard-ships and Inconveniences to the Freeholders and Land Tax Collectors, and, in its Consequences, abridge or destroy the Rights of the Freeholders, which, it was meant to secure: And therefore praying. That the Bill, which the Petitioners observe is now depending in the House for repealing the said Act, may pass into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Main-waring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for removing certain Difficulties respecting the Qualification of the Proprietors of Shares in the Company for smelting down Lead with Pit Coal and Sea Coal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Main-waring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trjjftees for putting in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Shoreditch, in the County of , whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read i and is os followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Benjamin Bamfley being examined^ said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a cotvfidcrable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

And the Witness added. That it will be of public Utility if the Road leading from The Cock and Magpie in WorjhipStreet, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shore-

ditch, along the East Side of Moorfieldi, to the North Side of Crown Street, in the said Parishes of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and Saint Luke, Middlesex (being about 174 Yards in Length) was to be amended, and kept in proper Repair, by the said Trustees, as thereby a more easy and ready Communication will be had between some Parts of the City of London and the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke, and Leonard,

in the County of Middlesex, and also for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worship Street to Crown Street, along the Last Side of fields: And that Mr. Main-waand Mr. Thomas Scott do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners, qualified to put into Execution the Acts of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth of Ills present Majesty, for granting to

H is Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That, in putting the said Acts into Force, the Petitioners, in pursuance of their Duty as Commissioners, arc obliged frequently to assist in enforcing Assessments very partial and severe, and to witness Evasions of the Law from the Principle on which it is constructed, compelling them to consider the House of the Retail Shopkeeper as the Criterion of their Judgment} and that the Petitioners feel, in common with their Fellow Citizens, the Hardship of calling upon One Description of Traders alone to sustain the Burthen of a heavy and partial Tax, and they find themselves under great Difficulties to decide, from the uncertain Descriptions of Retail Dealers; and, in consequence of their Regard to their Oaths, and a Difference in Opinion in the Officers appointed by Government, many intricate Cafes arise, which increase in Number, and manifestly tend to harrass the middle and inferior Order of Traders, the Petitioners therefore unanimoudy come before the House, rrufting inks Wisdom and Judgment, to grant the most fub-stancial Relief to the Petitioners, and their Fellow Citizens, by the Repeal of the said Acts, which it is impossible for them to execute confident with the Regard due to their Oaths as Commissioners, and with an Attention to the Principles of Justice and Humanity.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Shopkeepers in the City of Coventry, was also presented to the House, and read, complaining of the Tax on Retail Shops; and praying the House to take into Consideration the Nature of the said Tax, and relieve them from the great Hardships they sustain thereby, by repealing the fame, the Petitioners being at all Times ready chearfully to assist and support the Revenue of this Kingdom by the Payment- of any other Tax, less oppressive and injurious, which Parliament may think just and requisite to be imposed in Lieu thereof.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upomhe Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and

Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Shire House for the County of Essex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Marff.es, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within* the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Thrujfingtonotherwise,

otherwise Trujfington, in the County of Leicester; with some Amendments } to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this. House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Mary Aljager, Margaret Aljager, and Judith Aljager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel in the Parish of Barthomley, in the County of Chester, and to endow the fame, and to establish a Charity School within the said Parish, and veiling the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, and the future Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Aljager, within the said County } with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles IValkin John Buck-worth, Esquire, and the

Coventry Petition against the Shop Tax.

The Lords have agreed to

Essex Shire-tiouie Bill.

Brouphton Incloluie Bill.

Thrufli ngton Inciofnre Bill, with Amendments.

Barthomley Church and School B:Jir with Amend* ments.

The Lord, have passed Buckworth's Name Bill.

The Lords will proceed on the 21st of Apr il on Mr. Hastings's Trial*

Lords Amend* snent to Bar-thomley Church and School Bill agreed to*

Buck worth’s Name Bill read*

Lords Amendments to Thruflington Incjofure Bill agreed to.

Bill to suspend County Elections A&i presented.

zp Geo. III. 30° Martii.

*4$

the Heirs Male of his Body, to take ind use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of pursuant to

the Will of Peter Shakerley, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on the axil Day of April next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Mary Margaret Alja-

ger, and Judith Aljager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel in the Parish of , in the County of Chester, and to endow the fame, and to establish a Charity School within the said Parish, and veiling the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, and the future Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Aljager, within the said County.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 18. 1. 27 I Leave out from notwithstand-& > " ing" to " And" in Pr. 21.

28.3 1.22.

The said Amendment, being'read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

" County Elections," atod for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution from the Penalties they may have incurred in riot executing all the Provisions of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, Tha: the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House: will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of Account of the Value and Amount of Goods (being Foreign Produce and Manufacture) entered for Ex- d«ce)^ntefcd portation to the British Sugar Colonies, from the ^nEt*I^a* several Ports in Great Britain, from Christmas 1787 to sug*r°Cofo-Christmas 1788, inclusive; distinguishing such Goods »i«»ordered, as have been imported by the East India Company.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ari Account of Account of the Quantities of Coffee, Cocoa, Piemento, and other Good's (Rum and Sugar excepted) as have fromtht^ugar been imported into the several Ports of Great Britain, Colonic*, from the British Sugar Colonies, for the same Period j order distinguishing such as are of the Produce and Manufacture of the said Colonies, and of Foreign Countries, with the Duties of Customs and Excise on each Article.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Watkin John Buckworth, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and ule the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Shakerley, pursuant to the Will of Peter Shakerley, Esquire, deceased, was

read the First Time....

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of 2* otherwise Thurjlantm, otherwise ‘Trujfington, in the County of Leicester. ';

And the said Amendments were read; and are, as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 26. Leave out from in" to " shall" in I.28, and insert ‘*the'Proportions 'following; that is to ‘ *« say, Five-seventh Parts thereof

" as the Proportion of the said i; Lord Viscount Malden, and

Two-seventh Parts thereof as " the Proportion of the said " William CaJJon, as Vicar as aforesaid; and the said Pro-M portions of Five-seventh Parts and Two-seventh Parts."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. HungerJord do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Sumner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to suspend, for a Time to be limited, the.Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at Vot. XLIV.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, entered Inwards and cleared Outwards, cleared Out-in the British Sugar Colonies, from Michaelmas 1787 Wlrds>jn,tte to Michaelmas 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value and Amount of Goods (being British Produce and Manufacture) entered for Exportation, in the several Ports of Great Britain, for the British Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1787 to Christmas 1788, inclusive.

Account of Ooods (of British Produce) entered for Exportation for the Sugar Colonies, ordered*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aft Account of the Number of Ships, and other Vessels, cleared Outwards and entered Inwards, in the several Ports of Great Britain, to and from the British Sugar Colonies, with their respective Tonnage, for the fami Period.

Account of Ships cleared Outwards, and entered Inwards, to and from the Sugar Colonies, ordered*

Mr. Anjlrutber reported from the Committee, to Bewley, Con-whom the Petition of the Persons subscribing,. for J£"^*jd)e themselves, and on Behalf of the Land Owners and Bridge*V«ti-Inhabitants of the Counties of Inverness, Rojs, Cro- tien reported. marty, Sutherland, Caithness, and the Orkney and Boroughs therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 1 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend Mr. Roje being examined, said. That the large and rapid Rivers, called Bewley, , aftd

Helmjdale,run across the Country Northward of Inverness, from the Mountains to the North Sea — -That it is the singular Condition of those Rivers to be without a . Bridge, from their Sources down to their respective Friths, from which Circumstance the large and populous Northern District above mentioned is sometimes inaccessible, and always reached through dangerous

3 R Fords

146

Fords and Ferries, with great Inconveniency, and frequently with the Loss of Lives — That the Funds and Abilities of the said District are insufficient for this Undertaking, the same having been exhausted in making Roads, and constructing numerous Bridges over various Streams, in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers. That Two of the said Rivers, Bewiey and Con run partly through Two of the most considerable of the late forfeited Estates, now restored to the Heirs of the former Proprietors.

And a Member present informed your Committee, That, during the Time the said Estates were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners appointed for their Management entered, at different Times, upon various Proceedings for building Bridges on the said Rivers, and paying the Expences out of the Rents of the said Estates, but these Rents having been otherwise applied, neither the said Bridges, nor any other public Work, were carried on upon the said Northern Effaces, although their Rents were regularly levied for the Public, and were intended by Parliament for general Improvements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters of Scotland. — And the said Member added. That such Bridges are conceived to be of great Consequence, tending to complete the only Part that now remains unfinished, of a Line of Communication from one End of the Iffand to another; and that the Expence of the same has been estimated at about Twelve thousand Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Poor Removal Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

BUi ordered. for j,c preventing vexatious Removals, and for supplying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the Poor of this Kingdom: And that Sir William and

Mr. Rolle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1785.

upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1787, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1789.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, Th^t this House will, upon Wednesday W«y*«nd Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply defa-

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

30° — 31° .

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to M*Jt Bill. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1789, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1787, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1789.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Poor Removal Sir William Toung presented to the House, according Bill prefcoted. to Order, a Bill for the preventing vexatious Removals, and for supplying certain Defeats in the Laws relating to the Poor of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to L»nj Tax Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Mart is, 310 die;

Anno 29* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

Ti IfR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Names of all the Members of this House who had delivered in Lifts in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Proceedings on East India Judicature

Aa.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Renfrew Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through the County of Renfrew and the Bridge cross the River Inchinnan; for regulating the Statute Labour of the said County; and for raising an additional Assessment for building Bridges, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Stewart, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Petition from Town of Paisley,in the County of Renfrew, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the coancii of said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners con- P»Mey. ceive the fame, if palfed into a Law, will be highly *8am"DoB,11 prejudicial to them, and all the other Inhabitants of 6 the

Old Street Road Bill presentcdi

29 Geo. III. 3 x° Martit247

the Town of Paisley; that they are fully convinced of the Utility of good Roads through the County, and are much interested in them, Paisley being the chief Manufacturing Town, but they apprehend that, when Taws are to be made for such Purposes, they ought to affeCfc the Subjects in an equal Manner, and be as little liable to Partiality or Oppression as the Nature of the same will admit; and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe from the Bill, that there is a Difference intended to be made between Proprietors or Occupiers of Land keeping Horses, and those in Towns and Villages who have no Land, the first are to be charged for Statute Labour at the Rate of Twenty Shillings for each Hundred Pounds Valuation of their Grounds, which, in many Cafes, will not amount to more than Two Shillings for each Horse they keep, and the last ate to be charged with Five Shillings for each Horse, and the Petitioners presume that the Conversion of the Labour into Money, or requiring actual Labour in the Option of the Trustees, has a Tendency to oppress, the one not being equivalent to the other; that the Conversion is Five Shillings for a Man and Horse for Six Days, and the usual Hire for a Man and Horse is Three Shillings and Six Pence per Day, therefore the Man called out to Work must sustain a Loss of Sixteen Shillings Annually; and that the Town of Paisley is Three distinct Parishes, containing os many Inhabitants as any District in the Bill, yet they are classed with Two other Parishes of great Extent, through which Roads do pass that can be of no Use to the Petitioners, and in these Parishes there are from Twenty to Thirty Gentlemen qualified for Trustees in Terms of the proposed Bill, while the Magistrates and Council, being Superior of the Town’s Lands, renders it impossible for any Man therein (however much hU. Property or Respectability) to be a Trustee, and, by the proposed Billy the Two eldest Magistrates, only <are to be named Trustees in the Town, and joined to near Thirty others in the District, Five of, whom art declared a Quorum, so that the Trustees from the Town must in all Meetings be in a Minority, although they represent a People that will pay nearly One Half of the Money, that can be levied in the whole District; and that the said Bill, if pa!Ted into a Law, will put it in the Power of the Trustees to carry the Statute Labour of the Town, of Paisley into any other Parish they think fit, and prevent it being laid out in the Parishes in which the Conversion Money is collected; that it ought to be laid out upon Roads in the Parishes.where it is1 collected seems to have been the Intention of the Legislature at paQing Several Similar Acts, particularly those for the Shires of Lanark, Had* Berwick, Linlithgow, Kirkcudbright, Edinburgh, and Argyle: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think, fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instru&iob to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill; against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and

also for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worship Street to Crown Street, along the East Side of Moorfields: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Medley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anthony Demezy was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Fortick , Esquire, with

Lydia Ferguffone, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ewer 'took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and examined Witnesses for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, t whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to

Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from wien to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, together with a certain other Road therein mentioned, so far as relates to the First District of the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Placeand afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crejve reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of feverd Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Chester and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders, of the House, of the 15th of April 1774, relative tp Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed. him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Robinson being examined, said, That the Road leading from, Lawton Street, in the Town of Congleton,through the Parish of AJlbury, in the County of

Demeay’a Nat« Bill reported.

Committee mi Sheridan* Divorce Bill.

Stri&xdf Nantwich, an4 Chester Road Bill reported*

ContletMi Rota Petition reported*

Mechen Ifcoed and Plas y Dinas Tnc!ofure Bill committed.

Account of Ships entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the Sugar Colonies, ordered.

Account of Pioduceof Excite Taxes pre* tented.

Account of Arrears of Land Taxes prclented.

248 310 Martiu . 1789.

of Chester, to Colley Bridge, and from thence to Smithy

Green, in the Parish of Prejlbury,is in a ruinous Condition and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

And being further examined, he said, That if a new Road was made from Smithy Green over certain Commons and Waste Grounds, and through several inclosed Lands in the Townships of Sutton, and Wtldboarclough, in the said Parish of Prejl-

biny, to Tinkers Pitt Gutter, which divides the Counties of Chester and Derby, and from thence to join a Branch of the Leek Turnpike Road at , in

the Parish of Hartington, in the said County of,

the same would open a Communication with certain Lime Kilns in the said Parish of , which would be a great Benefit to the Owners of Lands and Estates through which such new Road would pass; and it is proposed to lower the Toll on the Leek Road for Lime and Coal to be carried on the new Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Smithy Gre, in the Parish of Prejlbury, in the County of Chester-, and for setting out and making a new Road from Smithy Green aforesaid to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at marsh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby: And that Mr. Crewe, Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, and Lord George do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Mecben Jjcoed, and Plas y Dinas, in the County of Montgomery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-brabam, Mr. Kynaston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the BritiJlj Sugar Colonies, For the Year ending the

5th of January 1788.

The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was Called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, *

‘ An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Head of Excise, in England, distinguishing the Sums paid out of the Gross Produce, under each particular Head, to the tateft Period tq which the same can be made Up, viz. from $th July 1787 to 5th July 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.'

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Michaelmas 1788, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.-A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that One Half of the Pension Lift shall be assessed in the Division of Whitehall and Saint James’s.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. .:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments*' be ingrossed. ....

Ordered, That there be;laid before this House, an

Eftinthtb of the Expences of a Wall, now building under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, in the Parish of Stoke, in the County of Devon. - > '

The other Order of the Day being read;:

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to suspend* for a Time to be limited, the Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the " better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections," and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing.all the Provisions of the said Act. Mr. Speaker loft the Chair.: .: . )

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair,of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,;') , .

Mr. Thomas Stanley.reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Eloufe will please, to receive the same. «- '

Ordered, That the Report be now received. /

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from, the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Eloufe. ....

Ordered,

M»1t Bill i» ported.

Land Tax Bill reported.

Estimate of Expences of the Wall building at Stoke, ordered.

Committee on Bill to suspend County Elections A&«

reported.

29 Geo. III. 310 Martii — 1° 249

Account of Unfunded Debt pretested*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be as it stood on the jth of January 1789, distinguished ingrossed. under its respective Heads 5 together with the Amount of Interest Annually paid thereon.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their And the Title of the said Account was read.

Order. The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An Account of the Unfunded Debt of the Nation.

An ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt of the Nation, as it stood on the 5th of January 1789, distinguished under its respective Heads; together with the Amount of Interest Annually paid thereon: Made out in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 17th of March 1789.

Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids 1789 Viz*

2,500,000 at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum.

1,000,000 at 3. 10 per Cent, per Atm.

2,000,000 at 2 id.per Diem.

Navy Debt — — —

£. 5,500,000 ——

2,251,079 ——

£ 7,75 !>°79 ——

Navy Bills bear an Interest of £. 4 Cent.

first Six Months.

The Annual Interest of the Bills become

l-33>* 29* *7* i-

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 31st March 1789.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, i° Aprilis;

Anno 290 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

jtckfonfwom. ANNA Elizabeth Jack/on took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

Wanstead Sir James Yylney Long presented to the House, ac-

Churrh Bill cording to Order, a Bill for amending an Act of the peente . Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary -Jlede, alias Wanstead, in the County of Essex: And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whatton Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

8,11 whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of,

in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That Vol. XLIV.

per Annum, after the Expiration of the due on the 5th January 1789, was

Tho‘ Steele.

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 293 Acres, who are under Age, and the Owners of 48 Acres, who did not choose to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed amounts to 1,716 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according Lange) iff* to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted Pastures within the Township of Langcliffe, pre in the West Riding of die County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 S A Bill

r° Aprilis.

ago

Tunkiidg* A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Srtw{*ttebw Small Debts within the Towny Village, or Place, Bill commit* called Tunbridge Wells, and the several Parishes of ,ed’ Speldburst, Penjburst, Pemlntry otherwise Pippenbury,

Brencbley,llorfemanden, rough, Leigh, Chidingftone, Front other-

wife Font, Mayfield, Harifield, Witbeybam,

Tyjhurst, and Burwash, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Me. Dun-combe, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’? Chamber.

Stafford, Nant- An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers chrrt'er*Road an Act, Ninth Year of His present Majesty,

Bill paired. for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through in the County of Salop,

to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nant-wien to Tarporley, and from thence through in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, together with a certain other Road therein mentioned, so far as relates to the First District of the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and frorti Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through T-vin, in the said County Of Chester, to the said City of Chester, together with a certain other Road therein' mentioned, so far as relates to the First District of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence.

Petition for A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Provision'in thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Halting Paving others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Clement, in Bl11* the Town and Port of in the County of Suf-

Jex, was presented to the House, and readj Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways of and within the Town and Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments within the said Town and Port j and Setting forth. That the Street, called Market Street, in the said Parish, is much narrowed and obstruded by a certain Building Called The Old Market, which projects over the Footway into the said Street, and the Footway under the said Building is rendered incommodious by a Shop under the same j and that if Powers were given by the said Bill to remove the said Building and Shop, it would be a great Convenience to all Persons passing along the said Street: And therefore praying. That Provision maybe made in the said Bill for the above Purposes, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

j»tkfoo*i N»t. A Bill for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Jackfox, was

Bill commit* „ i J

l#d# read a Second Time.

A \ 1789*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Stanley, Mr. Medley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thistlethwayte presented to the House, accord- Odifiam tiling to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- cloture Bill closing the Open and Common Fields, Common present Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings of Odibam, rough, Hillfide, Rye, and Stapely, in the Parish of

Odibam, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anthony Demezy'eNat.

was read the Third Time. Bill paired.

Resolved,. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Demezy.

Ordered, That Mr. Medley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Free- Petition from holders, of the County of Stafford, was presented to Staffordshire the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Peti- county Elec-tioners apprehend the Execution of an Act passed in tien* Aa. the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, will be attended with considerable Expence,

Trouble, and Inconvenience, without answering the Purposes.intended: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His MaitBiu Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Lmd T^x Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Bri- Bill paired. tain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to suspend, fora Time to be li- nm to rufptrd-mited, the Execution of an Act, passed in the last CountvEiee* Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for tl0ns 1 *

V the better securing the Rights of Persons qualifled to vote at County Elections," and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be-made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. a. 1, penult. After whereby " to insert " this Act or."

And

pa lied.

Aecounfi of Con soli dated Fund prefen ted.

And-the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections," and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Sumner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Exchequer, attended at the Doorj he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon* the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended the 5th Day of July 1788: And also>

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended the 10th Day of OSlcber 1788: And also.

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended 5th January 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were rfcad.

The said Accounts arc as followeth j viz.

To

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An A C CO U NT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended 5th Day of 1788.

INCOME. CHARGE.

Consolidated Duties of Excise ' — —

D® — Customs — —

D* — Stamps — —

D® — Salt — «-

D® — Letter Money — —

D® — Tax on Hackney Coaches and

Chairs — —

D* — Tax on Hawkers and Pedlars — —

Composition by the Bank of ,in Lieu of a

Stamp Duty on Notes and Bills issued by them — .

Duties on Houses and Windows, 1766 — - —

Tax on Inhabited Houses, — —

Tax on Shops, — 1785 —

D" — Horses, — D® — —

D® — Male Servants, — - D® — —

— Female D°, — D* — —

— Four-Wheel Carriages, D° — —

— Two-Wheel D®, — - D® — ___

D°

D®

D"

D® — Waggons,

— D® — —

1,716,607 ——

631,603 4 6

29I>,93 ——

75,607 12 if 8 x,oooo — —

11,352 8 8

47° ——

6,000 — —

155»*75 J5

42,44s 7 10

12,266 19 ioi

43>434 2 — i

43,084 10 51

12,308 4 11

54,065 8 i£

12,056 16 5!

10,621 7 2

EXCHEQ.U ER.

Annuities which were formerly charged on 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for 3 Months, due 5th July 1788 — —

D

D'

D>

D'

D1

D<

D'

D® —

ths Excise, with D'

£. 3,700 per Week Excise,

1706 — —

1707 — —

ill Ad 1708 —

2d Ad 1708 —

Lives, A’ 1745,

1746,

*757.

1778, 1779»

D®

D"

— D®

— D®

— D®

due 5th July 1788 D® —

D® —

D® —

D® - —

for Two and-Three Lives, charged on the ^-ths Excise —

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

For the Annuity and Management of £. 24,065,084. 1 111 their present Capital, for

One Quarter, due 5th July 1788 For D® — — — on £.1,999,600, for Half a Year, due the fame

Time, after abating the Sum of £. 25. — . 7id. being after the Rate of£.562. 10 per Million, on the Principal Sum of £. 89,000, purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — — . _ —

BANK OF ENGLAND.

For the Annuity and Management of £. >07,399,696. 5*. 1 £. 3 per Cents. Consolidated

Annuities, for Haifa Year, due 5th July 1788, after abating £.209. t;s. for Half of £.418. 10 s.being after the Rate of £.450 per Million, on the Principal Sum of £. 930,000, purchased by the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt — — —

<-rx

b»

£. s. d.

12,428 15 1,628 18

7*957 *1 6,181 2

2,038 — 1,229 13 2,649 6,159 11,233 12,283 12 1,384 16

2,587

7i 8

10 i

6*

n

3i 6

6

6

3*

2,048 18 —

h*

a

183,99313 5.:-

29,30817

1 >634,951 a 6

Aprilis. A. 1789.

Vol. XLIV,

6,295 9 6’

D° — Carts

D° is. per Lib. on Offices and Pensions — —

D° 6d. per Lib. on all Payments from the Crown — 1

Arrears of the Tax on Male Servants — — *

Seizures of Uncustomed and Prohibited Goods — I

Fines on Alienations — — —

Sheriffs Proffers ——

Competitions — — —

Fines and Forfeitures — — —

Imprest Money re-paid by John Balchen Westy late Agent for the Province of Georgia 2,541 2 —

D° John Lambe — — 3,844 9

D® Jane Jones, Executrix of William Field, late Agent to the East Essex Militia — — 1,000 — —

D® D®, D® WestE.Jfex Militia — 1,200 — —

D® James and John Meyrick, Agents to the 58th Regiment — — 3,800 — —

D® Sir Ferdinando Poole, Bar. Ad-

ministrator of Edward Jolate

u. Secretary to the Commissioners of the Lottery — — 2,890 7 8£

Money paid on Account of Licences for felling Lottery Tickets, for the Year 1786 — ' — 478 19 7

1?0 ——

3,091 12 — 405 8 9

3 3 4

1,891 11 7

D* D®, 1787 —

Money paid by 'Timothy Nucella

For the Annuity and Management

For D° For D°

For the Annuity on

For D* — -

For I)» —

For D* —

For D° —

£. 4,000,000,

£. 500,000,

£. 1,250,000, £. 1,750,000, £. 986,800,

on £. 17,869,993. 9. 10. after the Rate of 5

Cent, per Ann. for Half a Year, due 5th July 1788 — —

£. 1,000,000, after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Ann. due D° — —

£. 3,200,000, after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Ann, for One Quarter of a Year, due 12th May 1788 — - —

purchased of the South Sea Company, for One Quarter of a Year, due 5th July 1788 — —

at £. 3 per Cent. — D* — —

at £.3 per Cent. — D® — —

at £. 3 per Cent. — D* — —

at £. 3 per Cent. — D* — —

450.77° 11 8*

15,225 —

25,000 — —

30,474 10 ioj

3>7S° ——

9>37S ——

13,125 ——

7,401 ——

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

For the Annuity on £. 3,200,000, at £. 3 per Cent, for One Quarter of a Year, due 5th

July 1788 — —

For D° — £. 1,000,000, at £. 3 per Cent. — D* — —

For the Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances, due 5th

To Charles Bembridge, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the former Duties on \Vine Licences, due D° - —

D° — - — as late NlelTenger in the above Office, D# — . —

The Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, D* — —

To Ann Ca's, late Office Keeper in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine

For the Support of His Majesty’s Household ——

To His Royal Highness ll m Henry Duke of Gloucester, on his Annuity of £. 8,000, D° —

D° 9,000, D° —

D° £. 8,000, D° —

D° 3>000> D° —

D° £. 4,000, D# —

D° £. 2,000, D° —

D° £ 1,500, D* —

D° I'lyOOOO, D° —

D* 7,000, D° —

D° £. 300, D° -

D* 300, D* -

D° £. 300, D* —

D# £ 200, D* — *

j To him more To His Royal Highness Henry Fred. Duke of Cumberland To the Representatives of Arthur Onslow — ' —

To the F.arl of Chatham — — —

To George Lord Rodney ——

To Lord Heathfield — — —

To Lord Sondes,late One of the Auditors of the Imprest

To Lord Cardiff, another — —

To Philip Deare, Esquire — . —

To John Wigghfaorth, Esquire — —

To John Lloyd, Esquire — . — —

To Charles Harris, Esquire — —

24,000 — *

7.500 ——

3,262 10 — 32 10 — 162 10 —

224,500 ——

2,000 -

2,250 ——

2,000 -

75° ——

1,000 — — 500 ——

375 ——

1.750 -

1.750 -

75 ——

75 ——

75 ——

50 ——

29 Geo. III. i°

Money paid for Arrears of Taxes — 1,000 — — Arrears of the i oth 3/. Aid, 1771 — 1276

2 2d — -44th 4 j. — 45th — 46th — 47th — 48th — 49th — Arrears of the Duty on Malt,

1775 — *5 r9 7

1780 — 1,483 12 10

1781 — 96 ——

1782 — $9 9 "*

*7*3 — 349 *9 9

1784 — 671 18 81

1785 — 181 1 7

17W — —

Total of the Receipt of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of July 1788

Exchequer, the xft Day of April 1789.

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

CT

n

H

o

3,870 8 ui

3>l99 5

3,265,085 17 9

To Sir William Musgrave, Bar. John Thomas Bast and John Martin , Esquires, Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on their Annuities of 1,000 each, D* — To Sir John Dick and William MolleJ.n, Esquire, D* on D° of £. 500 each — D° —

For Clerks, Contingencies, &c. in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, D* — To Lady Dorchester, Gay Carlton and Thomas Car, Esquires, on £. 1,000 per donum, l>* —

Thomas Earl of Epngham, Matter and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint in England, to clear

the Espences of the said Mint, to — — — D* —

750 ----- -cn

2<0 — — j*

*»5°o — —

250 — - —

3,450 ——

Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 5th July 1788 Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the same Quarter —

— 2,751,502 17 71

— 5*3*5 *3 —

I. 3,265,085 17 9

Memorandum:

The above Sum of £. 513,583. — . i{ was applied to the

following Purposes viz,1.

By Cash to be' applied by the Commissioners appointed by

Parfiartient for reducing the National Debt — — 250,000 — —

By D*, in Part of the Sum of £. 2,545,000, grartced' towards the Supply A* 1788 — — 263,583 — i|

iC- 5*3*583 — n

Wm Ro/e Haworth.

QO

>o

D

cq'_

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

c§

FT

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges Upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended on the ioth Day .1788,

INCOME.

'Consolidated Duties of Excise — —

Consolidated Duties of Customs — —

Consolidated Stamp Duties — —

Composition by the Bank of England, in Lieu of the

Stamp Duty on Notes and Bills issued by them —

Consolidated Duties on Salt ——

Consolidated Letter'Money — —

Tax on Hackney Coaches and Chairs — — -

Tax on-Hawkers and Pedlars — —

Duties on Houses and Windows, 17 —

Tax on Inhabited Houses, — 1778 —

Tax on Shops ——

Tax on Horses — . — —

Tax on Male Servants, ^1785 — —

CHARGE.

1,619,562 8 a

i>585>552 *6 9 365,771 18 4

6,000 — — 90,424 2,10 92,000 — — 2,800 — —

1,100 — —

57,493 18 31

31,029 *4 9i

14*69 18 3

*4,422 8 if

11,030 19 4»

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities which were formerly charged On 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, due ioth October 1788 —

on yths Excise, with D° — — — — —

3,700 per Week Excise, with D° ——

St 1706 D# ——

ift Act, 1708 — D* ——

ad Act, 1708 — D° ——

for Two and Three Lives, charged on ^ths Excise — — —

1766, Survivors for Half a Year, due 10th 1788 — —

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

Annuities and Management bn 24,065,084. 13. til, their present Capital, for Three Months, due Loth ORober 1788 ——

Mau..

BANK OF ENGLAND.

Annuity and Management on 32,750,000, 4 Cent. Consol. Annuities, for 6 Months, due ioth ORober 1788 ——

D° — . for 30 and 29 Years, by Acts 18 and 19 tij. Rs. for D® — —

D° — for long Terms, consolidated by several Acts of Parliament, for D® —

Annuity and Management on £.37,340,073. 16.4, 3 Reduced Annuities, after

abating the Sum of roi. 5, from the same, being after the Rate of 450 per Million on the Principal Sum of £.450,000, purchased by the Commissioners. appointed for paying off the National Debt, for 6 Months, due ioth 1788 —

Annuities granted A* 1777, for to Years, amounting to the Sum of 25,000 per Ann. which ceased upon the 5th April 1787, and is to be placed to die Account of the above Commissioners, for 6 Months, due ioth ORober 1788 — — * —

£ s. d.

12,428 15 71

3.6 77 16

7,957 II 8

6,181 2 iof

2,038 — 6f

1,229 *3 if-

2,649 6 3t

270 — —

i83> 993 13 5L

662,368.15 — 204,440 1 5*:

344,014 12 2 i

568,401 7 51

>2,500 —

— Crx

29 Geo. III. i°

g

cq'

r — h

n"

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

0§

fT

Tax on Female Servants, — ^*1785 —

Tax on Four-Wheel Carriages, D* — —

u

Tax on Waggons, — - D° — —

Tax on Carts, — D* — —

Tax on Two-Wheel Carriages, D# — —

6 d. per £. on D° ——

Seizures of Uncustomed and Prohibited Gogds — -

Sheriffs Proffers ——

Compositions ——

Relit of Allum Mines — — —

Impress Money re-paid by Thomas ’James Mathias, Esquire, late Agent to the and East York

Militia — — — — .

D* — by William Covuden, Agent to the 29th

Regiment — —

D* — by Thomas , Esquire, Executor

of John Richardson, late Agent for the Out Pensioners of Hof-

D* — by George Blount, Esquire, Agent to

the Innijkilling Dragoons —

7,001 4 ^11

18,886 19 ii

2,719 H 10

1*183 13 4i

4,809 9 1*

7,coo — —

12,660 18 1

10 2 3

— 6 8

480 — —

47 *5 6

O VO OO J5 8

1,000 — —

14 11 —

Annuities

Annuities D° —

D° —

D° — D° —

and Management on 3,200,000, at 3 Cent, per Ann. on Quarter due

loth 1788 —

on 4,000,000, purchased of the South Sea Company, for 3 Months, due D# — 500,000, at 3 per Cent. — — — for D® —

1.250.000, at D® — - — — for D® —

1.750.000, at D® — — — for D® —

986,800, at D® — — — — for D* —

25,000 — _____ vn

3°>474 10 iqi 0\

3,750 — —

9,375 ——

13,>25 ——

7,401 ——

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

Annuity on 3,200,000, at 3 per Cent, per Ann. for 3 Months, due 10th October 1788 D® — 1,000,000, at D® — for D® — —

For the M«nagement on the above Capital of 4,200,000, for One Year, due D®

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances, for 3 Months, due D® - . —

The Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, due D° — —

Charles Bembr'tdge, Esquire, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the

former Duties on Wine Licences, for 3 Months, due 10th October 1788 — —

More to him as late Messenger in the above Office — — —

Ann Cajs, late Office Keeper in the above Office — — —

The Sheriffs of England and Wales, for defraying their Charges of taking forth their Letters Patent for their respective Offices, and passing their Accounts, for One Year, due D® For the Support of His Majesty’s Household — — —

For His Royal Highness Wm H* Duke of on his Annuity of More to him ——

To H is Royal Highness Henry Duke of Cumberland —

To the Representatives of Arthur Onslow — —

To the Earl of Chatham — — —

To Geo. Lord Rodney — — —

T6 Lord Heathfield — — —

To Lord Sondes, late One of the Auditors of the Imprest,

To Lord Cardiff, D® — — —

To Philip Deare, Esquire — — —

To John Wigglesworth, Esquire — . —

To John Lloyd, Esquire — — —

To Charles Harris, Esquire — —

Sir WmMufgrave, Bart. Thomas Batt and John Martin

for auditing the Public Accounts, on £. 1,000 Ann Sir John Dick, and Wm Mollejon, Esquire, D® on 500 each per Ann. —

For Clerks, Contingencies, &c. in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts Lady Dorchester, Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Esquires, on 1,000 Ann,

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

£. 8,000

9.000

8.000

3.000

4.000

2.000 1,500

7.000

7.000 3°o

3°°

300

200

Leake, Esquires, Commissioners each — —

24,000 — —

7,500 ——

1,687 *0 —

3,262 10 — 162 10 —

32 10 —

4.000 — — -224,500 — —

2.000 ——

2,250 ——

2.000 ——

750 ——

1.000 ——

500 — —

375 ——

i>?5° ——

i,75° ——

75 ——

75 ——

75 ——

50 ——

75° ——

250 — —

1,500 ——

250 — —

6§Li y ' 'ttjudy 0i

Arrears of the 15th 3*. Aid, 1767 546 19 — f

r d° of the 44 4 Aid, A0 1780 4.474 7

x,

r

9° of the 49 4 Aid, A9 1785 69a 7

D* of the 50 4 Aid, A 1786 10,000 —

D* of the Duty on Malt, 1786 1,000 —

Total of the Receipt of the Consolidated Fund, on the 10th Day of QRober 1788

1 ' 1

Exchequer, the 1 ft Day of April 1789.

Co

.O

o

FT

16,71313 5*

1

3>9^4>737 8 — I

1

To the Earl of Ejfingham, Matter of the Mint, towards defraying the Expences of the said

Mint, in the Year 1788 ——

To the Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Quarter ended

5th July 1787 — — — — 530 8 7

D°, 10th October 1787 — — — — 422 16 7

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in England and for

One Year, ended ift August 1788 ——

Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 10th 1788 —

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the same Quarter — — —

Memorandum:

The above Sum of 1,572,167. 1. 2-J-is to be applied for the following Purposes viz'.

By Cash to be applied by the Commissioners appointed by

Parliament for reducing the National Debt — 250,000 — .

By D°, in further Part of the Sum of 2,545,000, granted

towards the Supply A* 1788 — — - 1,322,167 2*

i>572»i67 1

3>45°

953 5

6,335 i5 —

2»392>57° 6 ioi

i,57^> i67 1 2*

3,964>737 8 1

Wm Roje Haworth.

cn

29 Geo. III. i° .

g

cq'

r — h

n‘ CD , CL

cr

CD

o

o§

rT

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended 5th January 1789.

INCOME.

Consolidated Duties of Excise aw

D® — Customs —

D® — Stamps — —

D° — Salt — —

D® — Letter Money — —

D* — Tax on Hackney Coaches and Chairs — __

D® — T ax on lars Hawkers and Ped-

Duties on Houses and Windows, A? 1766 —

Tax on Inhabited Houses, A 1779 — —

Tax on Shops, — A 1785 — —

D* — Horses, — - D® — —

D* — Male Servants, - - D® — —

D® — Female Servants, — D® — —

D° — Four-Wheel Carriages, D® mmm

CHARGE.

s. d.

*.337,313 ——

802,372 *7 11

a7l.978 — —

94.609 2 6

66,000 — —

3.500 — —

450 —

*12,036 *3 2r

27,625 8 5

*4,582 5 8i

28,464 *7 I

23.8*0 18 4;

6,801 *2 54-

32,259 8 *4-

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities which were formerly charged on 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for 3 Months, due 5th January 1789 —

on 4-ths Excise, with D® ——

£.3,700 per Week Excise, with D® ——

1706, with — D® — y* — —

1707, with — D® ——

per ift Act 1708, with — D° ——

per ad Act 1708, with — D® ——

Lives, A* 1745. due 5th January 1788 — — — .

1746, due D* - — —

1757, due D® — — —

1778, due D* ——

1779, due D° - —

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

For the Annuity and Management of £. 54,065,084. 13 11 their present Capital, for

One Quarter, due 5th January 1789 — * ——

For the Annuity and Management on £. 1,919,600, for Half a Year, due the same Time, after abating the Sum of 33. 9. 4I, being after the Rate of 56a. 10. per Million, on the Sum of 119,000, purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National

BANK OF ENGLAND.

For the Annuity and Management on 107,399,696. 5. 14, 3 per Cent. Consol. Annuities, for Haifa Year, due 5th January 1789, after abating 277. 13, for Half of 555. 6, being after the Rate of £.450 per Million on the Principal Sum of 1,234,000, purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — —

s. d.

12,428 lS 74:

3,677 16

7,957 11 8

6,181 2 *oI-

2,038 — 6*

*,229 *i

2,649 6 3*

6,159 2 6

*,233 5 —

*2,283 12 6

*,384 16 6

2,587 9 3i

1,634,88a 14 6

Cn

00

*83.993 *3 5*

29,300 8 4*

6§Z,i y 'mb

o

o

o

00

D* — Two-Wheel D°, — D° —

D* — Waggons, — D® -

D° — > Carts, — D° —

D* — i s.per Lib. on Offices and Pensions

P* — (id. per Lib. on D*

Arrears of the Tax on Male Servants —

6>330 9 5

3,822 i 71 1,703 11 i{ 8,698 14 4

""1 18,000 — —

Tmpreft Money re-paid by Will" Cow den, late Agent to the 16th Regiment of Dragoons — —

D* James Merrick, Executor of James Merrick, for Non-effective Allowance to Captains — —

D* by D#, on Account of James Merrick and Robert Porter, late Agents to several Regiments —

D* by Natb1 Collyer, Agent to the 75th Regiment —

D* by Lord Howe, late Treasurer of the Navy -w

D* by Tho‘ Cotton, Esquire, received by him, on Account of the Salaries of the Chief Justice and Attorney-General of the Bermuda Islands — —

D* Money remitted to the Right honourable Will* Pitt, from a Person unknown, for Conscience Sake

Sheriffs Profers — —

Seizures of Uncustomed and Prohibited Goods —

Compofnions ——

1,920 ——

6,751 12 1

905 9 6

2,714 10 8

58 «9 4l|

95 10 —

100 — — 49 7 85i

5»313 *

I IO —

For the Annuity and Management on 17,869,993. 9. 10, after the Rate of £.5 Cent.

per Annum, for D° - —

For the Annuity and Management on 1,000,000, after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Annum -For the Annuity and Management on 3,100,000, after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Annum, for One Quarter, due 11 February 1789 ——

For the Annuity on 4,000,000 of the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, sold by them to the Bank of , for One Quarter, ended

5th January 1789 ——

— on 500,000, after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per , due D® —

— on 1,150,000, after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per , due D® —

— on 1,750,000, after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per , due D# —

— on 986,800, after the Rate of 3 per . per , due D® —

For D® For D® For D® For D®

450,770 s« S' 15,115 ——

— I 15,000 — —

30,474 10 IOy

3*750 ——

9.375 ——

13,115 ——

' 7>40i ——

EAST J N D I A COMPANY.

For the Annuity on 3,100,000, after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Ann. for the Quarter

ended 5th January 1789 — — . _

For D° — on 1,000,000, after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Ann. for the same Time

To the Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances

Charles Bembridge, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences — — — __

More to him, as Messenger in the above Office — _

Ann Cajs, late Office Keeper in the above Office — - — ___

The Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries — __

For the Support of His Majesty's Household — — __

To His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester, on To D* — _ —

To the Representatives of Arthur Onslow To the Earl of Chatham — — -

To Lord Rodney — —

To Lord Heath field — — -

To Lord Sondes ——

To Lord Mountftuart — —

To Philip Deare — —

To John Wiggle/worth — —

To John Lloyd — —

To Charles Harris — ——

on D®

on D®

on D®

on D®

on D®

on D°

on D®

on D®

on D®

on D*

on D®

on D®

8.000, for D* —

9.000, for D* —

3.000, for D° — 4,oco, for D# —

1.000, for D® — 1,500, for D* —

7.000, for D* —

7.000, for D® — 300, for D® — 300, for D® —

300, for D® —

Sir William Musgrave, John T. Bait and John M. Leake, Esquires, for auditing^he'public Accounts, on their Annuities of 1,000 each — — _

To Sir John Dick, Bart, and William Mollejon, on their Annuities of 500 each For Clerks, Contingencies, &c. in the Office of Public Accounts __

14,000 — 7,500 —

— 3,161 10 —

10 —

31 10

5 —

5 —

162

114,500 —

1.000 —

1.000 — 1,150 —

750 —

1.000 500 —

375 — 1,750 —

I,75° — 75 — 75 — 75 — 50 —

750 — 150 — 1,500 —

in

SO

19 Geo. III. *0 ^prills.

Arrears of the 43d 4-t. Aid,yf' 1779 — 910 1 10

47th. — 17 83 — 894 13 7

48th — 1784 — 71 *3 9i

49th — 1785 . 20 9 6

50 — VO »* H 1 VO 00 17

Total of the Receipt of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of January 1789 -

I3>OI3 15

2,891,284 19

Exchequer, the 1 ft Day of April 1789.

To Lady Dorchester, Guy Carlton, and Thomas on their Annuity of —

To the Earl of Effingham, Master of His Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London, towards the Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, in the Year ended 5th 17S9 —

To Robert Smith, for the Expence of His Majesty’s Mint in Scotland — —

To the Chief Cashier of the South Sea Company, to pay Fees at the Treasury, Exchequer, &c. for 3 Years, to 5th January 1787 ——

To the Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, to pay Fees at the Treasury, Exchequer, &c. for 2 Years, to 5th July 1787 - —

Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund, fortheQuarter ended the 5th January 1789 £.

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the same Quarter — —

250 — —

3,450 -

1,200 — —

411 14 4

346 13 6

W3»3* 4 8 8

137,898 10 4

2,891,282 19 — i

Memorandum:

The above Sum of £. 137,898. 10. 4, is to be applied to the following Purpose j

By Calli to be applied by the Commissioners appointed by Parliament for reducing the National Debt, in Part of the Sum of £.250,000 — — — i37>898 10 4

lVm Roje.

6§Li-pr 'Sjjiudy Qi opr

Account of Pro <!uce of Customs in Scotland presented.

Proceedings on East India Judicature Afl.

Ways and Means deferred*

Supply deferred*

No&on and Potteihan-woith, &c. Drainage Petitions reported*

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. dicock, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; arid, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account Of the Gross Receipt, Debentures, Bounties, Certificates, Salaries, Incidents, and Net Produce of the Revenues of Customs in Scotland, for the Year ending 5th January 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was mbVed, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Per-fans accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lifts which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a . Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the same; and report to the House, upon Monday next, the Names of every Member whole Name shall . appear in Twenty or more of the said Lifts:

And they are referred to Sir William Mr.

Sumner, Mr* Minchin, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Macnamara, Mr. Brett, Mr. Ro/e, Mr. Steele, Mr. Rye, Mr.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Pitt, Lord Frederick Campbell: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for failing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,'Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 2° di Aprilts; Anno 290 Georgii III. U Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

MR. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Honourable George Hobart, the Reverend Doctor Francis Willis, Thomas Porter, Esquire, Mayor of the City of Lincoln, the Master, and Gervaje Gibjon, Esquire, John Brown, Esquire, and others. Governors of the Hospital of JeJus Christ,in Lincoln, and also of the Reverend Peregrine Harrison Curtois, Clerk, Anthony Peacock, Vol.XLIV.

Esquire, and others. Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen and Low Lands and Grounds in the Parishes Of Notion and Potterbanworth, in the County of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen and Low Lands, lying in the Parish of Branston, in the County of the City of Lincoln, were severally referred; That the (Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of AprilI774, relative to Bills of Drainage,

had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as Tolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjdmin Handley being examined, said. That there are, wichin the Parishes of Notion, Potterbanworth, and Branston, in the County of Lincoln, certain Fen and Low Lands arid Grounds, which are subject to be Overflowed, and yield but small and uncertain Profit to the Owners; but if the said Lands and Grounds were ptoperly embanked and drained, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested, and also of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking and draining certain Fen and ~Low Lands in the Parishes of Notion and Potterbanworth, in the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish of Branston, in the County of the City of Lincoln: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir Ed-uiard AJlley do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Honywood reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wents near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the Notice on the Sessions House Door at the Time of the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, but that the Clerk to the Trusteesi not knowing at that Time that any other Notice was necessary, did not give the Notice in the Newspapers, as required by the Standing Orders, but that, immediately upon discovering his Mistake, he caused Notice thereof to be given in the Kentish Gazette of the 2d and 5 th of December, and in the Maidstone Journal of the 2d and 9th of December lasty and that the same Notice as that affixed upon the Sessions House had been put up at the Markec House of (which is the County Town) on the Market Day immediately following the Michaelmas Sessions} and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Andrew Hawes Dyne being examined, said. That the Trustees for the Wateringbury District of Roads in the said Act mentioned have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls

3 X thereby

Mall! rig Heatli Roads Petition repotted*

Sheridan*! Divorce bill passed*

Wharton Inclosurc Bill passed. 4

Coligietrrri Road Bill prelcnicd.

IirVfon* Nit.

Jb.ll repotted.

l6i

Apritis.

A. 1789.

thereby granted, whereof the Sum of £.2,400, toge- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be ther with very near Seven Years Arrear of Interest, now remains due; which Money cannot b6 paid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act, and which expires with this present Session of Parliament, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Mr. Solomon Norris being then examined, said. That the Trustees for the other District of Roads in the said Act mentioned have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, of which the Sum of £.955 now remains due, with an Arrear of near Seven Years Interest, and that the same cannot be paid, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, and Lammas Lands and Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stairwell and otherwise Shipcot, and in the Parish of Stan-well, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, and Lammas Lands and Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands,

Then Mr. Dyne being further examined, said, ThaS^within the Manors of Stan-well and , other-

it is expedient that the said Districts should be confo- wife and in the Parish of in the

lidated, as much Expence will be saved thereby, and County of Middlesex.

that all the Creditors on both the Districts are consenting and desirous that such Consolidation should take Place. And the Witness added, That it is in-difpcnfably necessary thac there should be some Addition to the Tolls.

Order:i.That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on Mailing Heath to the Turnpike Road on Green,

and from Brand Bridges to the Four IVents near Mat-field Green, in the County of Kent: And that Mr.

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Wbatton, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green, in the Parish of Prejlbury,in the county of ; and for letting out and making a new Road from Smithy Green aforesaid to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatchmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of liartington,in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Jackson, was committed; That the Committee had examined the

Mr. Call reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Hertford-bridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the 3 Road

Stanwell and Shipcot Inc loin re Bill patted.

Ordered, That Sir William Young do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of in the Parish of Ratby and

County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

_ An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and

Honywood znd Mr. Mar Jam do prepareVand bring in, altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the fame. passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His

» «. , „!. e . - ..... present Majesty King George the Third, so far as the

Aningrossed Bill from the Lords, mtttuled An Act same rcjate to repairing the Road from Doncaster, to dissolve the Marriage of Henry FortickShertdan, throu h the Parish of Pen:Jen, in the County of York, Esquire, with Lydia FerguJJone, his now Wife, and to to Salter>s Brook> in the County of cheJlef’ was read

Grooby In* closure Bill presented.

Doncaster

Road Bill patted.

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, so far as {he same re-_ late to repairing the Road from Doncaster, through Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- the Parish of Penifion, in the County of to Salter's mon Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Brook, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Wilber force do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Call reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham, in the County of Southampton, to Farnham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Odihira Road Bill reported*

Hertford-bi idge Hill Roads Bill reported.

Leeds Water, and Lighting Petition reported.

Norraanby Inclosure Bill prefen ted.

Geo. III.

16$

Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odihatn, in the County of , and for extending the Limits of the said 1 aft-mentioned Road* frotn the present Termination thereof in the said Town of Odiham, to the Road leading from thence through the said Town, to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath,in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Inhabitants of the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, was referred } That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition } and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read } and is as followeth}

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Beaumont being examined, said. That there i$ not at present a regular and necessary Supply of wholesome Water within the said Town for the Use of the Inhabitants, but that a sufficient and constant Supply of good Water may be obtained by a Regulation and Improvement of the Water Works that at present furnish the Town, which will be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants at large.

Then an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlightening the Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York," was read.

And the Witness being further examined, said. That the said Streets, and other public Places, are subject to various Nuisances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, which the Provisions of the said Act are not sufficient for removing and preventing} and that there are several Streets, and other Places, within and near to the said Town, to which the said Act doth not extend, which are not properly lighted and cleansed, and are subject to divers Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions.

And the Witness added. That the Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof, as well as all Persons resorting thereto, will be greatly benefited by regulating, lighting, and cleansing the above-mentioned Streets and Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water} and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and regulating the Pavements therein: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of -manby, next Spirtal, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Estimateof an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, Nay, D,-bt as it stood on the 31st Day of December 1788. orde,ed‘

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fol- Accounts of lowing Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House } viz. — Ac- of Land count of the Unfunded Debt of the Nation, as it stood Taxes» on the 5th of January 1789, distinguished under its priced!* respective Heads, together with the Amount of Interest Annually paid thereon — Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing but at Michaelmas

1788, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof — Account of the Gross and Net Produce of all the Taxes, under the Head of Excise, in England, together with the Totals, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up} viz.from 5th July 1787 to 5th July 1788 — Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, with the Total, from the 5th of January 1788 to the 5th of January 1789 — Account of the Gross Annual Amount of the Duties arising in the Plantations, and of the Charges of Management, and of the Net Produce, for the Year 1787, distinguishing the several Ports, and the Charges paid by the Receiver General from the other Charges' — State of the Calli. Account of the Receiver General and Cashier of His Majesty’s Customs, for the Year ending the 5th January 1789-Account of the Gross and Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Head of Excise, in England, distinguishing the Sums paid out of the Gross Produce, under each particular Head, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up } from 5th July 1787 to 5th July 1788 — and, Account of the Gross Receipt, Debentures, Bounties, Certificates, Salaries,

Incidents, and Net Produce, of the Revenues of Customs in Scotland, for the Year ending 5th January

1789.

t

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to repwi Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- *]*'shoP.T" jesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty ,or ere ’ " certain Duties on Shops within Great ,"

might be read.

And the same was read accordingly*

The House-was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend

an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

*c An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties " on Shops within Great Britain\for repealing fe-c< veral of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for " granting other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the Tame being read accordingly}

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Acts: And that Mr. Fox, Mr. Henry Thornton, Lord John Townshend, and Sir Benjamin Hammet, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Mulgrave reported from the Committee, Whitby p»v-to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the ino® te* Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, p for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, within the Town of IVbitby, in the County of York, and for preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and also for lighting and watching the said Streets, Lanes,

Alleys, and public Passages, for widening some of them, and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River EJk, within the said Town, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

true}

264 2*- — j0 jdprilis.1789.

trite s and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and ascerwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1etieris, 30 die Jlprish;

Anno 29® Georgii III*" Regis, 1789.

Prayers*

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminsterpaying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine ,the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hjundred and Twelve Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked j The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glalfes, and drawn, and read in the ul'ual Manner.

And the Names of Eleven Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable Lieutenant Colonel Phipps being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Thirty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Viscount Maitland being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Nine, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age (before sworn); One, against whose Election a Petition was depending} Ten, on Account of their then serving on a Select Committee; and Twenty-one haying voted at the Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

Lifts of the said frames were delivered to the Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents withdrew*

A Bill for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Douglas, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Jackson, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth ''jackson.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for removing certain Difficulties respecting the Qualification of the Proprietors of Shares in the Company for smelting down Lead with Pit Coal and Sea Coal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

General Murray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable Arthur Annefey Roberts, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ewer, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of NoElon and Potterhanworth, in the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish of Branfton, in the County of the City of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill *be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Years 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787, compared with the Grants by Parliament for those Years, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King IVihiam the 1 hird, and in the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the becond, for re-building, repairing, and amending the Piers

Forfar Roadg Bill committed.

Jackson’s Nat. Bill passed.

Smelting Lead Company's Bill committed.

Perth Roads Bill presented*

Roberts's Name Bill committed.

No&on and Potterhan-woith, &c. Drainage Bill presented.

Ordnance Account to be printed*

Bridlington Harbout Bill commuted.

Account of Duties on Hiwicers and Pediars ordered.

Westminster Elt&ion Com* m it tec appointed.

Bill to repeal the Shop Tax iUUprdtmed.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred*

265

of Bridlington, alias Burlingtoin the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tombe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duties on Hawkers and Pedlars for the last Ten Years j distinguishing each Year.

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of the Honourable Lieutenant Colonel Phipps, and Lord Viscount Maitland, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

William Pulteney, Esquire, Reginald Pole Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, Sir nay. Baronet, Richard Ford, Esquire, John George lipps, Esquire, the Earl of Wycombe, Sir Charles,

Baronet, Mark Pringle, Esquire, Charles Long, Esquire, "James Martin, Esquire, William Augustus Spencer cawen, Esquire, Thomas Master, Esquire, the Honourable Lieutenant Colonel Phipps, the Lord Viscount Maitland.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland;and also, of the said Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties cn Shops within Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clqck.

Vol. XLIV.

Ltunez, 6° dieJlprilis;

Anno 29* Georgii III. U Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing> GroobyIncio-the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- J^tew®111 commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Grooby, in the Parish of Rat by and County of Leicester,was read a Second Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. gerford, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three oidStre«t Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and also for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worship Street to Crown Street, along the East Side of Moorfields, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &c.: And they are ‘ to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Young, according to Order, reported Rsport E»ft from the Committee, to whom it was referred to ex- ,ndi*Judica* amine the several Lifts which had been delivered in tuie* at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly; and had directed him to report to the House the Names of every Member whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lifts; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Joseph Jekyll, Esquire, William Henry Lambton,

Esquire, Lord Muncaster, Sir William Lemon, Baronet,

William Mainwaring, Esquire, Franc Esquire, Lord Viscount Belgrave, Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire,

Sir William Dolben, Baronet, Sir Adam Ferguffon,

Baronet, Lord Viscount Downe, Sir George Cornewall,

Baronet, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Baronet, the Honourable Dudley Ryder, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Baronet, Philip Yorke, Esquire, fames Martin, Esquire, William Lygon, Esquire, Filmer wotd, Esquire, Joshua Grigby, Esquire, Henry ton, Esquire, Charles Brandling, Esquire, Henry Dun-combe, Esquire, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, the Honourable Charles Marsham, William Praed, Esquire,

John Rolle, Esquire, Matthew Montagu, Esquire, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Francis Burton, Esquire,

William Drake, Junior, Esquire, Sir John Rous,

Baronet, Ambrose Goddard, Esquire, William Esquire, Henry Beaufoy, Esquire, the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, Sir Robert Salufbury Cotton, Baronet,

John James Hamilton, Esquire, William Pulteney,

Esquire, Lord Viscount Grimston, Thomas Berney Bram-ston, Esquire, the Right honourable James Grenville,

Robert Smith, Esquire, Thomas Master, Esquire, Henry Bankes, Esquire, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, John Crewe, Esquire, Richard Slater Milnes, Esquire, Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, the Right honourable

3 Y Charles

2 66

6° Apri.

A. 1789.

Wnnstead Church Kill committed.

Hertfordbridge I ill. Roads Bill passed*

Odiham Road Bill parted.

Cromford Canal Bill presented.

Charles Greville, Henry James Pye, Esquire, John

fen Bastard, Esquire, Edward Esquire.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for amending an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for re-building the Church of the Parish of S Mary IVanJlede, alias IVanstead, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Tylney Long, Sir John Rushout, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Town of and also the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid, to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton, and for extending the Limits of the said last mentioned Road, from the present Termination thereof in the said Town of Odiham, to the Road leading from thence through the said Town, to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Town of Baftngstoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton, and for extending the Limits of the said last mentioned Road, from the present Termination thereof in the said Town of Odiham, to the Road leading from thence through the said Town, to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thistlethwayte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham, in the County of Southampton, to Farnbam, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham, in the County of Southampton, to Farnbam, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Thistlethwayte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or neat Cromford in the County of

Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal at or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them } and also Two Collateral Cuts, one from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the County of Derby, and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of Selfton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or " near Langley Mill,in the said Countyand the

other passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and intituled, "An Act to enlarge " the Term and Powers of an Act, pasted in the Sixth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-c pairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road " leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, " in the said County;" and also, the Petition of Thomas Evans, Esquire, Samuel Fox, Esquire, Williarti Stret ton. Gentleman, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of the Navigation from the Town of Derby, on the River Derwent, to the River Trent,under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, pasted in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, *« An Act for making the River Derwent, in the *« County of Derby, navigable," which were severally presented to the House upon the 27th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said several Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Fellowesreported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, redding or trading within the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with -, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, pasted in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise paftable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, was read; whereby it appeared that the River Anton or Test,from the Borough of Andevor, through several Parishes, and through the Borough of Stockbridge, and through or near Romsey, to Redbridge, there to join the Southampton River, and so communicate with the Sea, was particularly mentioned in the said Act to be made navigable: And,

Mr. Ralph Etwall, Junior, being examined, said. That nothing has been done under the said Act to make the said River Anton or Test navigable.

Mr. Thomas King being also examined, said, That he knows the Borough of Andevor, and its Neighbourhood; that the Country through which the said River runs is become much more populous, and greatly increased in Trade and Manufactures since the Time of passing the said Act, and a Means of conveying by Water any Coals, Salt, Timber, and other heavy Goods, which it is presumed was then thought necessary, must now of course be more essentially so: Then,

Mr. Charles Roberts, an Engineer and Surveyor, was called in; and being shewn the Plan of the intended Navigation, said. That he had surveyed the Lands through which the Cut or Canal is intended to be made, and is of Opinion, that a Navigable Cut or Canal for the Passage of Boats and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, may be made near the Course of the River Anton or Test, from the Borough of Andevor

aforesaid

Counsel ordered at Second Reading

Andevor Cm* nal Petition reported.

i9 Geo. III. 6° jdprilis. 267

aforesaid to the said Southampton River, and so to communicate with the Sea, which will be of much more general Use as a Navigation than the said River Anton or Test can possibly ever be made, and will be of great Convenience and Utility to the Trade, Commerce and Manufactures of the Country through which it is intended to be made.

Mr. King and Mr. Etwall being again examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. , respecting

the Utility of the proposed Canal; adding. That thereby the Price of heavy Goods from London will be much reduced, and the Town of and the neigh-

bouring Country, will be supplied with Coals and other Articles from Redbridgeat a much less Expence than they arc at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of in the County of

Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County: And that Mr. Fellowes and Mr. Letbieullier do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Congietoa A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-Road Bill pair, the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge, committed. an(j from the said Bridge to Smithy Green, in the Parish of Prejlbury, in the County of Chester; and for letting out and making a new Road from Smithy Green aforesaid, to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at Thotcbmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of Harting-ton, in the County of was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. brabam Bootle, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

shield 1 Paring Mr. SLempefi reported from the Committee, to

Petition re- whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabi-,ort*d* tants of the Towns of North and South Shields, in the

Counties of Northumberland and Durham, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Blenkinjop being examined, said. That the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Towns, and Parts adjacent, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and some of the said Streets and public Passages are narrow and incommodious, and in some Parts dangerous for Passengers and Carriages. And he added. It would be of Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Towns, and Parts adjacent, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets and other Places were properly paved, cleansed, lighted and watched, and if Provision was made for-removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and if , Power was given to widen, or otherwise improve, such of the said Streets and Places as are narrow and incommoded: And he further said. It is proposed to have a separate Act of Parliament for each Town, as the said Towns are entirely distinct and unconnected.

South Shields Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ord'"8 B'1* ^or PavinS> lighting, an<l watching the Streets, and

or other public Passages and Places, within the Town of

South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nui-

fances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening, or otherwise improving, such of the said Streets, and other public Passages, as are narrow and incommodious: And that Mr. 'tempefiand Sir ’John Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill North Shields for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Bl11 Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of North Shields, and Parts adjacent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening, or otherwise improving, such of the said Streets, and other public Passages, as are narrow and incommodious: And that Mr. STempeft arid Sir John Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, to Dumfries whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road Roa<1 Bill-from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and , in rei>orte the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, <}i-resting the Prices paid for Property held under Entail to be re-invested to the like Purposes, under Direction of the Court of Session in Scotland.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BuckwortV. to enable Charles Wat kin John Buckworth Esquire, Name Bill and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the comm,tted* Surname, and bear the Arms, of Shakerley, pursuant to the Will of Peter Shakerley, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hogbton, Mr. Pye, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Bajlin, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented p^feimr* to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Fines and Forfeitures, as well those for London as the Out Ports, and what was paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Year 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Warren, from Account* of the Office for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, attended {jawkw»nard at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- pcd7aiT;'and of fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Produce of

An Account of the Duties on Hawkers and Pedlars

§ . for presented.

i6S

6° Aprilis. ' 1789.

LangcliflFe In* closure Bill committed#

Colchester Election determined*

for the lad Ten Years, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Fines ' and Forfeitures paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, in the Year 1780.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted Pastures, within the Township of , in the

West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Buncombe> &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Neville, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire; and also, the Petition

of George Jackson, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, and also complaining that the said Return was not a Return of a Member to serve in Parliament, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That George Jackson, Esquire, is not duly elected a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That George Tierney, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur-

gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said George Tierney, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said George Esquire,

did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said George Jackson, Esquire, to the Petition of the said George Tierney, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said George Tierney, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said George Tierney, Esquire, to the Petition of the said George Jackson, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, and amend the fame, by making it a Return

of George Tierney, Esquire.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lord*

Walker: hlve agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sunderland Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, Road Bill» made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durha; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bishop Weat« Act for altering, railing, widening, repairing, and Road preserving the Road leading from the Town of 1

Wearmouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Norton, near Stockton, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Secretan'*

Act for naturalizing Frederick Samuel other- Nat-BllL

wife called Samuel Frederick Secretan-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, to whom Putton I4» the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and ^^'ll Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in /Putton,alias Podington, in the Village or Tything of Easton, in the Parish of Chickerill, alias West Chickerill, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 21 Acres of Land, who would not consent to the Bill, but who do not oppose the same; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be divided and allotted by the Bill, consist of 108 Acres 1 Rood and 33 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, that the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Account* nf the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at Exclli Taxr* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- in Scotland fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, £fo£*ne*

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of all the feitures. Taxes under the Head of Excise in distin- presented,

guishing the Sums paid out of the Gross Produce under each particular Head, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up, viz. from the 5th of July 1787 to the 5th of July 1788: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Fines and Forfeitures, and what Part thereof was paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Year 1788.

And. then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered,

fitite of General Account of Customs in Scotland, preftnted.

Account of Arrears of Land Tax, , ordered*

Whitby Faring Bili passed*

BUI to repeal the Shop Tax Acts committed*

Motion for Account of Produce of Excise Taxes* Neg.

29 Geo. III.

6°- — 76 .

26$

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs in at-

tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A State of the General Account of the Customs, new and additional Impositions from the Comptroller General of His Majesty’s Customs, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Arrears of Land Tax that have incurred within the last Ten Years, in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel Payment thereof.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, and for preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein, and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and also for lighting and watching the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, for widening some of them, and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River EJk, within the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Pallages, within the Town of Whitby, - in the County of York, for preventing Encroachments, Nuisancesi, and Annoyances therein, for regulating the Carriages, Cart-men, and Porters there, and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River EJk, within the said Town.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to repeat Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejolvtd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of all Taxes, under the Head of Excise, in Great Britain, together with the Charges of Management, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1789;

It passed in the Negative.

Vol. XUV.

The other Orders Of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* mi Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the de" whole House, to consider further of Way$ and Mean* for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply <*-

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the lMrtd* whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 7® die Ap 5

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

f*R AYERS.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, at- Coicfiefkr cording to Order, amended the Return for the R*lur" Borough of Colchester, in the County of E/fex. ,amen *

A Bill for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth Road* Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, ®jjl made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways,- Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Pert, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Murray, Sir Archibald Edmonflone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clocks in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edward Aftley presented to the House, accord- tanham Tiling to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the c,0^,re *»* Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, pre *°w within the Parish of Banbam, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, to whom York and the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by Craike Road an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of p^d"re* His present Majesty, intituled, «« An Act for amending and widening the Road from the City of York,

to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and from the said " Road, in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards " Oulston, to the Extent of the Lordship of,

in the County of York," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th o {April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the;

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Plummer being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed the Sum of /. 4,000, which still remains due — That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the said Money cannot be repaid, npr the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. And the Witness added. That it is necessary-

2 Z there

47° 7° Aprilis.1789.

there should be an Increase of Toll. And the Wit- City of York to the Top of and for

ness further informed the Committee, That nothing discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road hath hitherto been done towards putting the Act in from the said Road in Sutton , through Craike, Execution, with respect to the Road from Sutton Field,towards , to the Extent of the Lordship of through Craike, towards Qulfton, to the Extent of the Craike, in the County of York: And that Mr. Wed-Lordffiip of Craike, in the County of York, and it is dell'and the Lord do prepare, and bring in, conceived that the said Road may be kept in Repair the fame, by the ordinary Course of Law, whereby it will be

expedient that the Trustees should be discharged from Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for executing Estimateof the further Care thereof. the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, N,]7 Pj*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, preent for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging An Estimateof the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as

the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the it stood on the 31st December 1788.

Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

relates to amending and widening the Road from the The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

V

Navy

Nivy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter

7th April 1789. mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1788:

Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated ad April 1789.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c". supplied for the Service thereof ——

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, (Ac", for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1788, as also to several Bills of Exchange ——

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary — — —

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf —

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off —

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1788 To discharge and payoff all Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, &c".

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners j

% t

Due for Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -r — —

For Provisions delivered,' and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1788 — —

For paying off all Bills entered on their Course — —

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies — — -1- —

For the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those- Commissioners j

Particulars.

,077,940 5 ~

106,8 26 8 11

220,749 ——

ni,774 17 *

and Hurt Seamen set on Shore several Ports, and for Contin-

Due for Quarters, and Cure of Sick from His Majesty’s Ships at the gencies relating to that Office

The Total amounts to Two Millions Nine hundred and Fifty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence —

From thence, deducing the Money in the")

Treasurers Hands) — ""1 as on the

And also the Money that remained to come f other Side in of the Supplies — — — - J

The Debt will then be Two Millions Two hundred and Sixteen thousand Six hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Fourteen ShjlUhgs and Five Pence One Farthing

;j:

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between the ift January and 31st December 1788 -

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the

Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between the ift ’January and 31st

December 1788, is — — —

540,336 6 343.505 16

3

5

Total.

£. s. d.

i,517,29° 11 1

40,030 11 7

9*3,872 14 3

31,478 4 *

19,191 18

415,131 18

2

5

5,280 9 8 8,046 — — 1

261,464 9 6-j 481,841 6

6i]

4i 3

- - I

44,958 ~*6 5

3,4^7 i5 6f

I ..

48,376 11 Hr

478,948 «o 5

39,665 14 7

*,959,757 10 4 743»i°5 x5 10*

2,216,651 14 5t

Mem",

Afrm'-. — There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1788, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

vJI

D

cq'

n’

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg,

FT

In what Treasurer’s Hands.

Right honourable

bore Ellis — —

Right honourable IJaac

Barre — —

Right honourable Henry Dundas (1 ft Treasurer-

fcip) - -

Right honourable Charles fownjhend — —

Right honourable Henry Dundas ( ad Treasurer-ship) -

Ditto, New Account —

In Money. On the Heads of

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamens Wages.' Victuals.

7 In Money — — — — _ 5.354 7 1 1,702 16 44 595 6 8f7

3 Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen — . — 8 11 6 - i

7 In Money — — — — _ 3,289 9 10 4,237 16 104 221 4 747

3 Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen — — *# kJ i + 10 17 9 - 1

7ln Money - _ 3,602 11 114 7,802 18 104 508 12 74I

(Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen — — — 107 2 2 - 1

7 In Money - — 3,145 2 64 4.375 18 34 1,241 12 1147

) Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen — — 66 14 2 - j

|ln Money - — 5,069 16 — 1,645 2 7 1,320 2 11 1

f Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen — _ — 2.539 12 84 — ( J

7 In Money - — - — 130.65 5 *3 1 67,048 9 2 12,694 6 8|

j Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen — — / " / 4,020 2 — 4 J

Jt- 151,117 — 64 93>566 2 54 16,581 6 64

Total.

L* s‘

7,661 1 7 4

7.759 9 —

o

11,021 5 7t k

T

8,829 7 I It

10,574 14 3 214,418 10 II7

261,264 9 64

There remained, on the 31st December 1788, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies —

— £.481,841 6 4!

O

Cha\ Middleton. Geo. Marsh. G«. Palmer. IF- Campbell. E, Le Cras.

00

VO

— i *

« g_ J-

il //

fe ft tr

tr5 3 5*.

itt

9 Geo. III. 7* Jpril 173

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the in the County of Kent, to Beggar's in the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the Floufe. Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge

Maresfield, in the County of Sussex-, without any Stokenehurch Ijord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Amendment: And also,

Road Bill to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers The Lords jjavc agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act GolfordGreen reported. cf an Act, passed in the Eighteenth "tear of the for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Road*

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenehurch, in the County widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at GoL of Oxford, to Wbtatley Bridget and from the said ford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Bridge to Enflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to Road in the Parish of and from the Green

the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and near Benenden Church to The Bull Inn at Rolvenden from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles’s Church, Cross, in the County of Kent j without any Ameiid-hear the City of Oxford> by Begbroke, to New-Wood- ment: And also,

flock, in the said County; and for making, amending, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wakefield and completing, and keeping in Repair, ‘a Road from Act for repairing and widening the Road from the the Bottom of Cheyney Lane up Headington Hill, to join Town of Wakfield to the Town of in the

the present Enflow Branch of Road in the Parish of West Riding of the County of York-, Without any Holton, in the said County of Oxford,to be used in*- Amendment.

Head of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Shotover And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hill, to the said Enflow Branch, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read thoughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton be added to the

added to bring Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring

in Conifton . ..... rr , „ r *T , V» °e

Indofarc Pill. m, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition, of William Wilberforce, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Conifton, in the Parish of Swine, in in the

East Riding of the County of York, and Owner of Seventeen Oxgangs of Land, with the Appurtenances, lying within the Open Arable Fields within the said Township, Elizabeth Widow, Owner of the Great and Small Tythes within the said Township, and of Robert Burton, Esquire, Henry Rains, Gentleman, and others. Owners of the Residue of the said Open Fields.

Conifton Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, accord-

lncbiureBiii ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Rrtlente' Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Conifton, in the Parish of Swine, in Holdemefs, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

bave agreed to Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

Land Tax The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ®,u* Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, lor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine; without any Amendment: And also.

Malt Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine; without any Amendment: And also,

Bromley Road The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ®lU* for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the

Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between and

Vol. XLIV.

The House being informed that Mr. Tiplady, Secre- Account of tary of the Salt Duties, attended at the Door; he was Produce of called in; and; at the Bar, presented to the House, Forfeitum, pursuant to their Order, pretested. *

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Fines and Forfeitures, and how applied, for the Year 1788.

And then he withdrew*

And the Title of the said Account was read;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon, the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hpufe.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr* Webb, from Account* of the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; of

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the tnd*f House, pursuant to their Orders, «nd Forfei-

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Annual Malt Tax in England, for the Year 1786,

Hating the several Purposes to which the Difference between the Amount of the Gross and Net Produce of the said Duty has been applied: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Fines and Forfeitures, and what Part thereof was paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Year 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read*

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House*

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the sni to amend Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Hawker* *nd jesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade,’* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Demp-fter. Sir William Cunyngbame, and Mr. Hakwins Browne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Paper* rrfpeft. House, by His Majesty’s Command, ' ing *"

Proceedings of His Majesty’s Most Honourable

Privy Council, and Information received re- can Wheat, spefting an Infeft supposed to infeft the Wheat,

of the Territories of the United States of America-, viz.

N® 1.Letter from Mr. Bond, £onful at

to the Marquis of Carmarthen, a 2d April 1788: And also,

4 A N®

7° Aprilis. A. 1789.

N° 2. Letter from Sir Joseph , Baronet, President of the Royal Society, to the Marquis of Car-mar then, 4th Jur.e 1788: And also,

N° 3. Order in Council forbidding any Entry to be palfed for any Wheat, the Growth of the Territories belonging to the United States of which may be now arrived, or shall hereafter arrive, until His Majesty’s Pleasure further signified, 25th June 1700: And also,

N° 4. Minute of Council of the 4th July 1788: And also,

N° 5. Minute of Council of the 5th July 1788: And also,

N° 6. Report of Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet, proposing the Mode of making Experiment on American Whe.it, 6th July 1783: And also,

N° 7. Order in Council directing the Experiment to be made, 8th July 1788: And also,

N° 8. Further Account of the Hessian Fly, by Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet, and a Statement of the printed Accounts published in America, 8th 1788: And

also,

N° 9. Account of Wheat imported into England from America, ftnee the Establishment of the Office of Inspector General of Imports and Exports: And also,

N° 10. Account of Wheat imported into Scotland from America since the Establishment of the Office of inspector General of Imports and Exports: And also,

N*n. Return of the principal Officers of the Customs at Southampton, upon examining the Cargoes of Wheat on Board the Ships Mary and Jenny from New York, 12th July 1788 — Report of Sir Joseph Banks thereupon, 17th July 1788 — Order in Council for admitting the said Cargoes to Entry, 18th July 1788: And also,

N° 12. General Report of Sir Joseph Banks, respecting the Hessian Fly, and Flying Wcvil, 24th July

1788: And also,

N° 13. Minute of Resolution of the Lords of the Council not to permit the Entry of any Wheat which, upon Inflection, shall be found to have been infected, but that it might be expedient for Government to purchase such Cargoes, and Order thereupon, 5th August 1788: And also,

N° 14. Return from the principal Officers of the Customs at Brijol, upon examining the Cargo of Wheat imported in the Ship Coalition from Virginia,

6 th August 17S8 — Report of Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet, thereupon, 8th August 1788 — Letter from the Clerk of the Council in Waiting to the Secretary of the’Treasury, tranlrnitting Copies of the above Papers, in pursuance of the Minute of the 5th August (N® 14) not to admit the Entry of Wheat that should be found to have been infected with the Flying Wevil, 12th 1788:

And also,

N° 15. Letter from Mr. Bronjfcnet, Secretary to the Royal Society of Agriculture, to his Grace the Duke of Dcrjet, with an inclosure, dated Paris, September 3d, 1788: And also,

N° 16. Letter from Mr. Ewart to the Marquis of Carmarthen, dated Berlin, 9th August 1788: And also,

N° 17. Extract of a Letter from Sir John Temple, Baronet, to the Marquis of Carmarthen, with Four Inclosures, dated 'NewYork, 4th September 17S8: And also,

N° 18. Letter from Sir Robert Murray Keith to the Marquis of Carmarthen, dated Vienna, 8th

1788: And also,

N° 19. Extrad of a Letter from Mr. Walpole to the Marquis of Carmarthen, dated Munich, 23d

1788: And also,

N® 20. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Mathias to the Marquis of Carmarthen, with Copies of Two Inclo-

sures, dated Hamburgh, September 19th 1788: And also,

N® 21. Letter from Mr. Gibjon to the Marquis of Carmarthen, dated Dantzig, October 29th 1788: And also,

N® 22. Letter from Mr. Bond to the Marquis of Carmarthen, With its several Inclosures, dated Philadelphia, ift October 1788: And also,

N® 23. Extract Letter from Lord to the

Marquis of Carmarthen, with Copy of inclosure, dated Brussels, July 28th 1788: And also,

N® 24. Letter from Mr. Walpole to the Marquis of Carmarthen, with Copies of Two Inclosures, dated Manheim, February 21st 1789: And also,

N® 25. Extract Letter from Mr. Heathcote to the Marquis of Carmarthen, with Two Inclosures, dated Bonn, February 16th 1789: And also,

N° 26. Report of Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet, upon the above Correspondence and Information, dated 2d March 1789, with Copy of a Paper delivered in by him the 27th of April, by Way of Appendix thereto:

And also,

N® 27. Letter from Mr. Bond to the Marquis of Carmarthen, with Copy of its inclosure, dated Philadelphia, November 3d 1788: And also,

N® 28. Letter from Mr. Bond to the Marquis of Carmarthen, dated Philadelphia, January 20th 1789:

And also,

N® 29. Extract Letter from Sir John Temple to the Marquis of Carmarthen, with Copies of Two Inclo-'. fores, dated New York, February 21st 1789: And also,

N® 30. Extract of a Letter from Mr. to the

Marquis of Carmarthen, dated Charles Town, 12th February 1789.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Paper's of this Session.

1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee o« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, rte'stopSw upon the Bill to repeal Two Acts, made in the Act*. Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Floufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge accordingly reported from reperttd. the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the I loufc; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

The

49 Geo. III.

Aprilis.

*75

Coufifcl heard on Second Reading of Bill for lowering the Tonnage Duties at New Shoreham Harbour*

Debate on Motion for committing the Bill adjourned.

Westminster

Society Bill deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of several of the Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers and other. Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham,-in the County of Sussex,

and for keeping the same in Repair," and of several other Persons whose. Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town and Port of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Mercurii) 8°;

Anno 290 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Molyneu Gen-

tleman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

'The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did, by virtue of the said Commission, and alfd of His Majesty’s Commission for holding this Parliament, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; 'viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine:

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser-. vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine:

An Act for building a new Shire House for thfe County of Essex:

An Act to enable Mary Margaret Alfager,

and Judith Alfager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel in the Parish of in the County of Chester, and to endow the fame, and to establish a Charity School within the said Parish; and veiling the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, and the future Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Alfager, within the said County:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham:

An Act for altering, raising,' widening, repairing, and preserving the Road leading from the Town of Bishop IVearmouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Norton, near Stocktcn, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to , the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from the Green near Benenden Church to the Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent: .

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggar’s Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County of

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberfiord, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry For tick Sheridan, Esquire, with Lydia Fergujfone, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester;

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common 2 Marshes,

Dumfries Road Bill passed.

Poor Relief Bill presented.

Bill to repeal the Shop Tax Alts passed.

Streitham

Workhouse Bill reported.

Soar, See. Navigation Bill p re fen ted.

86 ApriliS. 1789.

Marshes, and other Commonable Lands and (Grounds, within the Parish of Broughtin the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of otherwise

Thurstanton, otherwise Tryjjin, in the County of

Leicester:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Samuel Secretan, otherwise called Samuel Frederick Secretan.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and San*

qubar, in the County of Dumfries,' to the Confines of the County of Ayr, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney, by Atman, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and the Road from Corfenarget to in the said County of Dumfries.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Laurie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, to repeal Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

Ordered, That Lord John do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

Lord William Rujfell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Workhouse for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the Parjlh of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, was committed } That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the River Soar navigable, from its Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrenton, in the County of Leicester, to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making the River Wreak navigable, from its Junction with the River Soar, in or near the Lordship of Gqjfington, to the River Eye, and for making such

last mentioned RiVet navigable to Close Home-stead, in the Parish of Melton M in the said County! And the same was received; and read' the 'First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second'Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition from Erewash Canal, in the Counties of Derby and Not- ^Company tingham, was presented to the House, and read; Set- of the^<w°a& ting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, Canal against that Application is making for a Bill for making and cltnaiBiu. maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near Crontford Green, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, in

the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or neat'

Pinxton Mill, in the County of Derby, and the' other from the said intended Canal at or near Codnor in Two Branches, into the Parish of Selfton, in the County of Nottingham; and that the Petitioners are informed the said Bill will contain Powers to take Water from the'River Erewash, and also a Brook which now communicates with the said River a Codnor Park Mill, and also to take Water from divers other Sources, from all of which the said Erewash Canal is supplied, under the Sanftiort and Powers of the Act of Parliament, by virtue of which the same was executed; and that the Petitioners are Owners of a certain'Water Corn Mill, called Langley Mill, which is also supplied with Water from the said River Ere- , wash, and which will be materially injured if the Water in the said River shall be by any Means diminished; and that the Petitioners are also informed, it is the Intention of the Persons applying for the said Bill to insert Clauses therein for compelling the Company of Proprietors of the Erewash Canal to take a certain Rate of Tonnage on their said Canal, instead of the Rates and Duties they are authorized now to take; and that any Bill that Should contain Powers for diverting from the said Erewash Canal all or any of the Sources from which the same is now supplied With Water, or that should restrain the said Company of Proprietors from taking such Tonnage for the Passage of Vessels on their said Canal as by Law they are enabled to take, would be highly injurious to the said Company, who, confiding on the Security of their particular Act of Parliament, have completed the said extensive and useful Canal at their own great Expence, and by which the Neighbourhood, ana the Public, have been, and are, essentially benefited and accommodated: And therefore praying, That if any Bill for the above Purposes shall be brought in,’they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near Cromford Green, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal at or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, and also Two Collateral Cuts, one from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the County of Derby, and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, info the Parish of Selfton, in the County of Nottingham, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

4 The

Slave Trade deferred.

z9 Geo. III. Aprins. 277

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 23d Day of Marchlaft, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the 23d Day of this Instant April, to consider of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade complained of in the several Petitions, which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Order be discharged, Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 27th Day of this Instant resolve it-

self into the said Committee.

Normanby A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and

committed!* Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of next Spittal, in the County of was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Mr. Anderson Pelbam, &c.: And they are to meet.this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the NewShorehanr* Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act lIuatr„"f " for crofting Piers and other Works for the Se- Moo°ths.or " curity and Improvement of the Harbour of New " Shoreham, in the County of Sussex and for keeping

" the same in Repair 5"

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon cTuefday the 12th Day of May next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " the

" 12th Day of May next," and inferring the Words " this Day Six Months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words Cf ‘tuefday the 12th Day of May next," stand Part of the Question }

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words <c this Day Six Months" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

Leave given the Westminster FJe&ion Committee to adjourn*

House resolves

tp adjourn to the 20th In-stanu

Debate on Motion for committing the Bill for lowering the Tonnage Duties at New Shoreham Harbour, re-fumed*

Bill committed.

Second Reading of Bill to amend the

Mr. Drake, Junior, from the Select Committee ap-

pointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty, acquainted the House, That the said Committee desired Leave to adjourn, at the Riling of the Committee Tomorrow, until 'T Morning next, it Ten of the Clock, such Adjournment being at the earnest and particular Request of the Counfelon both Sides, and with the Consent of all the Parties, and no additional Expence being incurred by the Parties from such Adjournment.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rifing of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant April.

The House, according to Order, resumed-the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made Yesterday, That the Bill for altering the Powers of an Act, m^dfe in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Sborebam, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair, be committed.

And the Question being put, That the said Bill be committed}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { *£; Altugt. } 5°-

Tellers for the Noes, j .} None.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Mr. Steele, Mr. Aldridge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend and render more effec-Vol. XLIV.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House ae-House, That he was commanded by His Majesty to dicing win inform this House, that His Majesty has appointed go to St.Paul's Thursday the 23d of this Instant April, to be observed °?*h*Thanks-as a Day of Public Thanksgiving to Almighty God, gmng| ay* for that ffgnal Interposition of His good Providence which hath removed from His Majesty the late Iliness with which He hath been afflicted: And for the greater Solemnity of that Day, His Majesty will go to Saint Paul's Church, to return Thanks to Almighty God for the great Mercy which hath been extended to Him; and His Majesty hath been pleased to give the necessary Orders for providing convenient Places in the said Cathedral for the Members of this House.

fyfplypd, That the humble Thanks of this House be Resolution of returned to His Majesty, for His Majesty’s gracious Favour in communicating to this House His Intention thereupon of going to Saint Paul’s Church upon the Day of Thanksgiving appointed by His Majesty, and for having been pleased to give Orders for providing convenient Places in the; said Cathedral for the Members of this House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be re-

turned to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.;

Resolved, That this House will attend, as an House, House resolve* in Saint Paul's Church, upon the Day appointed for a pa""*nd atSu Public Thanksgiving.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to con ft- Committee *p-der of the Manner of this House going to Saint Paul's ^de/of the Church on 'Thursday the 23d Day of this Instant Manner of

April, and of such Regulations as may be necessary to St*

be observed for the Preservation of Order upon that Occasion.

And a Committee was appointed of the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Comptroller of the Household, the Lord Westcotc, Sir Henry lighten, Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Hobart, Mi. Addington:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in ‘the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Lane, Re- Account of ceiver of the One Shilling Duty on Salaries, Pensions, of

&c. attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at one shining the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their '*

Order, Pensions, &c.

4 B An ptefcmed.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Deductions of One Shilling in the Pound on Salaries, Pensions, &c. received by Mr. , between the 9th of August 1788, the Date of his Appointment,

and the 5th of April 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rii!tofufpn4 Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution J?''!!1";.

- - ’ . v tiens A«,with

of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, in- Amendment*.

tituled, *« An Act for the better securing the Rights

of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections,"

and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution from the Penalties they may

have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act; with some Amendments; to which

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this

House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. FiM»U«ceWcd from the Commissioners for licensing and regulating in thcHaclcney Hackney Coaches and Chairs, attended at the Door; Co«h office, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the fie ente . House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Fines received in the Hackney Coach Office, from the 5th of January 1788 to the 5th of January 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Connfel heard on Second Reading of Wellminlter Society Bill*

Debate mi

Motion for ommitting the . Bill adjourned*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Corporation of the Amicable Society for a perpetual Assurance Office, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant April.

The LorJt have agreed to

Wifwelllnclo-Jure Bill.

Glasgow

KoaiIj Bill*

Demcfy#i Nat# Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, called 111/wellMoor, in the Township of

and Parish of Wballey, in the County Palatine of

caster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgozv, in the County of , to Muirkirk,

in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing /hthony; without any

Amendment: And also.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sc-vennight, the 20th Day of this Instant resolve *r<

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Se- Supply de-vennight, the 20th Day of this Instant April, resolve ferred-itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luries, 200 die Ap;

Anno 29® Georgii III*11 Regis, 17S9.

Prayers.

MR. Bouverie presented to the House, according Bourton and to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and ^dofmeBiU inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Mea- prefenud. dows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlets of Bourton and Watcbfield, in the Parish of Sbrivenbam, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cotes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the *, incisure Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors Bill reported, of Mecben Ifcoed, and Plus y Dinas,in the County of Montgomery, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.320. 3s. 7 d.per Annum, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors assessed at f. 79. 15/. id. per An, or thereabouts, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietors assessed at f. 62. 6s. id. per Annum, or thereabouts, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure are assessed at £.2,491. 19*. per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

then

Saint George, Hanover Square, Poor, &c. Bill pre-ienttd.

Putton Tn-closure Bill

p*ifcd.

Hailing Paving Bill reported.

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Allotments for Gravel.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, respecting Cottages on the Waste.

And the said Clause was Twice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Hanover Square,

within the Liberty of the City; for re-

pairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish; for apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain Expences incurred on Account of the said Parish; for discontinuing the common Use of the Burial Ground behind the Workhouse, and for making some Alterations relative to the Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Putton, alias Podington, in the Village or Tything of Easton, in the Parish of erill, alias West Chickerill, in the County of Dorset, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Putton,alias Podington, in the Village or Ty thing of Easton,in the Parish of Chickerill, alias West Chickerill, in the county of.

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways of and within the Town and Port of ing, in the County of SuJJe and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments within the said Town and Port, was committed} and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Inhabitants of the Parish 1 of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of

Hasting, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and made Provision accordingly, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. i

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers stokenrhnrch of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to 7be Mileway, leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from ’The Mile-way leading from Saint Giles’s Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said County; and for making, amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Obey, ney Lane up Headingten Hill, to join the present Branch of Road in the Parish of Holtott, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Sbotover Hill, to the said Enflow Branch, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to The Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from The Mileway leading from Saint Giles’s Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said County; and for making* amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Cheyney Lane up Headington Hill, to join the present Enflow Branch of Road in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Sbotover Hill, to the West End of the Town of Wheatley, and for amending and widening the Road from the West End of the said Town to the said Enflow Branch of Road.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’s G!ou«ft?rr Gaol in and for the County of Gloucester: And also, pebtJiTpci

A Petition of the several unfortunate Prisoners con- tition*. fined for Debt in the County Gaol of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, pursuant Estimate of to their Order,

An Estimate of the Expences of a Wall, now build- building at ing under the Direction of the Ordnance, in the Parish Pre-of Stoke, in the County of Devon. ente \

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Merchants of Lancaster, whose Petition from Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Abolition'of observe with real Concern, that the declared Intention of abolishing the African Slave Trade will very soon ra e‘ become the Subject of Deliberation in the House; and that the Petitioners are largely and importantly concerned in Trade with the British Settlements in the West Indies, and feel themselves deeply interested in every Event which may prove prejudicial to the present Success, and prevent the further Improvement of those invaluable Possessions, upon which the Security of Britain, the Strength of its Navy, and the Permanence of its Manufactures, greatly depend; and that the Cultivation of those Settlements cannot, as the Petitioners apprehend and believe, be conducted to the Advantage of the Proprietors, and the Benefit of

this

Pe*!tion from W'.ti wick(h ic a-,an.it the Coupry Elections A&.

F.ly Drainage Hill committed,

this Country, without the Assistance of Negroes, the Natives of a warm Climate, and accustomed from their Infancy to the scorching Rays of the Sun under the Torrid Zone, and thereby enabled to sustain, without Injury to their Health, that Labour which would soon prove destructive to an European Constitution; that all the Nations in who possess

Plantations in Countries subject to the same Degree of Heat, constantly make Use of the same Means of Cultivation, which may therefore be fairly deemed indispensibly necessary to their Success; and that to enforce the Use of every Means which Humanity can fugged, and Prudence dictate, for the Support and Comfort of those needful Assistants, and to secure to them the Protection of wife and satisfactory Laws (a BldTing unknown in their native Land) will be a Work truly deserving the Attention of the British Legislature, but to abolish the Slave Trade would effectually deprive the poor Africans of every Means of Civilization, and every Chance for Improvement: And therefore praying. That this impolitic, dangerous, and unjust Attempt, may not obtain the Sanction of the Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the last Session of Parliament, for better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and that, the Petitioners conceive, the carrying the said Act into Execution, according to the strict Letter thereof, is scarcely practicable, that it would create much additional Trouble to the Magistrates, occasion Confusion and Delay at contested County Elections, and be productive of many Hardships and Inconveniences to the Freeholders and Land Tax Collectors of the said County, and, in its Consequences, abridge or destroy the Rights of the Freeholders, instead of securing them, which appears to have been the Object of the Legislature in parting the said Act; and that, it appears to the Petitioners, the Expences for Books and Papers to be printed according to the Directions of the said Act will be very great, that the Money to defray the same is charged by the said Act upon the County Rate, whereby a Set of Men, already heavily burthened by the Poors Rate, will be made liable to the Expences incurred by the said Act, though, by being for the moll Part Renters or Copyholders, they cannot be benefited by any Advantages supposed to arise from carrying the same into Execution: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, that proper Steps may be taken for easing the County Rate of the Burthen thereby imposed upon it, and, that the Expences already incurred by the said Act may be' defrayed out of the public Revenues of the Kingdom, or by such other Means as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to amend, and render effectual, an Act of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, , and Milden-hall Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of Ijlebam, Fordbam, and j

and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commoralty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called hreef ed Lands, and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards lupporcing the Banks thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, the Lord Westcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Weddell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of Bank,

and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulfon,to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Workhouse for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 11. After tc Esquire" to insert " Richard " Ray, John Peatt, Robert Hunter, " and Rowland Richardson, Gcntlemen."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Workhouse for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Streatham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord William Ruff ell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to' the Prayer of the Petition of William Coape Sherbrooke, John Need, Robert Padley, Edward Jones, and others, Lords of the Manor of in

the County of Nottingham, and likewise, with others, are Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Common Fields and Meadows, and entitled to Right of Common in and upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of ham: And the same was received $ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of Harrington, and the humble Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and also of Thomas Evans, Esquire, Jedediab Strutt, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Mills situate on the River Derwent, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Cromford, in the County of Derby, to Langley Bridge, in the same County, and the Petitioners are informed, it will be necessary that the said intended Canal Should be supplied with Water out of the River Derwent, or from some Brooks or Streams which fall into it j and that the Petitioners, the said Mayor and Burgesses, are the Proprietors of the large Silk Mills on the River Derwent, in the said Town of Derby, which were erected by Sir Thomas Lomb, at a great Expence, many Years ago, and are also entitled to a large Corn Mill, and other Mills ad-

6 joining,

York and Craike Road Bill presented.

Streatham Workhouse Bill passed.

Member added to bring in Arnold In* closure Bill.

Arnold Tnr closure Bill presented.

Petition from the Earl of Harrington and the Corporation of Derby, &c. a gain It Cromford Canal Bill.

20° Aprilis.

281

joining, and the said Charles Earl of and the other Petitioners, are the Proprietors of certain other Mills and Works of various -Descriptions, situate on the said River Dj and that the Petitioners have well-grounded Apprehensions, that the said Silk Mill, and other Mills and Works on the said River, which arc of great Value and Importance, will be materially affected by any Part of the said River, or any Brook or Stream, which at present falls into it, being diverted from their present Course, in which same the Property of the Petitioners would be thereby cffen-tially injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves. Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill* and that the same may not pass, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to ' the House shall seem meet.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are tanteonjerb t^ereunt0 subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town against Crom- of Derby, was also presented to the House, and read; ford Canal Taking Notice, of the Application mentioned in the

BlU* preceding Petition j and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the Town of Derby, are supplied with Water for the Use of their Families by Means of a Water Engine, erected many Years ago on the River Derwent, and the Petitioners have well-grounded Apprehensions that the Supply of Water distributed through the said Town, by Means of the said Engine, will be diminished if any Part of the said River Derwent, or any Brook or Stream which at present falls into it, shall be diverted from their present Course, whereby the Inhabitants of the said Town, which is large and populous, and wherein several very considerable and valuable Manufactories are carried on, would be most grievously injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves. Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near Cromford Green, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal at or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the County of and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of S, in the County of Nottingham, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to pre-ppointed to pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-Eftuuatefllltl* ing of the Militia for the Year 1789.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Steele, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Account* of The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from

te*o*the E*,d Commifikmers for managing the Duties arising by

chequer; and Stamps, attended at the Door , he was called in; and,

of Produce of at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Stamp Duties, r ' *

presented. Orders,

An Account of the Penalties paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Year 1788: And also,

Vol. XLIV.

An Account of the Gross Produce, Charge of Management, and Net Produce of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, with the Total, from the ift of August 1787 to the ift of 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Ships, and other Vessels, cleared Outwards and entered Inwards, in the several Ports of North Britain, to or from the British Sugar Colonies, with their respective Tonnage, from Christmas 1787 to Christmas 1788, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Annual Malt Tax, voted for the Service of the Year 1786, dating in what Manner the Difference between the Gross and Net Produce has been applied: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Coffee and Cocoa as have been imported into Scotland from the British Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1787 to 1788,

with the Duties of Excise bn each Article.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Franklin, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called inj and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross Receipt, Debentures, Bounties, Certificates, Salaries, Incidents, and Net Produce, of the Revenues of Customs in England, for the Year ending 5th January 1789, and the Payments into the Exchequer: And also,

A State of the General Account of the Customs, new and additional Impositions, from the Comptroller General of His Majesty’s Customs, for the Year ending 5th January 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and State were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and State are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. ‘Re-

ceiver General of the Sixpenny Deductions, attended at the Door* he was called in -, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound on Salaries, Pensions, &c! received by ‘Thomas AJlle, Esquire, Re-

4 C ceiver

Account of Ships cleared Outwards and entered la-wards, in Scotland,toor from the Sugar Colonies, presented.

Accounts of Produce of Malt Tax In Scotland; and of Coffee and Cocoa imports ed into Scotland from th® Sugar Colonies, presented.

Accounts of Produce of Customs in England; and State of General Account of Cur-toms, presented.

Account of Produce of Deductions of Six Pence in the Pound on Salaries, Pensions, &c. presented.

Account of Produce of Sait Dudes pi denied*

Account of Produce of Duties on Hawkers and Fediirs, pre-fen ted.

Coni It on fuel of ure Bill committed*

Pet ition for

additional Pi ovi lion to fl.irli inceti BJI.

282 20° Aprilis. 1789.

ceiver General of the said Deductions, between January jth 1788 and January 5th 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Toplady, Secretary of the Salt Duties, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Salt, the Drawbacks, Discompts, and Charges of Management, from 5th April 1786 to 5th April 1787, being as far as the Accounts can at present be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Warren, from the Office for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, attended at the Door i he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Hawkers and Pedlars for One Year, from 5th July 1787 to £th July 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds in the Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in ness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Bath, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have applied to the House, in the present Session, for a Bill for widening and enlarging certain Streets and Paflfages, and making and laying out certain new Streets and Passages, within the said City, to render the Access to the public Baths and Pump Rooms more safe and commodious; and that the Concourfc of Persons resorting to the said City, on Account of the hot Medicinal Waters there, hath of late Years considerably increased, and is now so great, that the Pump Rooms, and other Buildings and Conveniences which have, from Time to Time been provided, are not large enough properly to contain and accommodate the Persons resorting thereto, and it would be conducive to the Re-establishment of the Health of Persons resorting to the said Waters, and an Accommodation to all Persons residing in, or frequenting, the said City, if Powers were given for enlarging, improving, or re-building the present Pump Rooms and other Buildings and Conveniences belonging to the said Springs and Bath; and that the said public Baths, and the Springs supplying the fame, arc liable to be injured or wafted, and the Waters thereof to be diverted, by Reason of their being elofely surrounded with Houses and Buildings belonging to Individuals not particularly iqterested in the Preservation of such Springs and Baths, and the same are liable to further Injury by evil-disposed Persons throwing Things into the fame, and committing divers Misdemeanors in respect thereto; and that the Petitioners conceive it to be of the highest Importance to the said City, and to the Public in general, that the said Medicinal Springs and Baths Should be guarded and protected as completely as may be from being injured, wafted, or diverted, and it is expedient that sufficient Powers be given for those Purposes, and also for punishing Persons spoiling or damaging the fame, or committing any Misdemeanor in respect thereto: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the several Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Bath, in Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household acquainted the House, That their Address of the 8th Day of this Instant April (returning the Thanks of this House to His Majesty for His Gracious Favour in communicating to this House His Intention of going to Saint Paul's Church, upon the Day appointed for a Public Thanksgiving) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty received the same most graciously.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fe^ Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Banham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Minutes of the Evidence taken, in the last Session of Parliament, before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to The West Indies and clfcwhere, was committed, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the LJfe of the Members of the House.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household acquainted the House, That the Committee, appointed to consider of the Manner of this House going to Saint Paul's Church on Thursday the 23d Day of this Instant April, and o such Regulations as may be necessary to be observed for the Preservation of Order upon that Occasion, had directed him to acquaint the House, that the Committee had been informed, that several Scaffolds and other Temporary Buildings had been eretted in the Strand, and other Avenues leading to Temple Bar, which it was thought would prove infe-curc, and be productive of Danger to His Majesty’s Subjects.

And the House being informed that Edward Waters, a Surveyor of the Pavements, the Person who had given such Information to the said Committee, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation to the said Temporary Buildings.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of several Scaffolds or Temporary Buildings now making in the Strand, and other

2 Avenues

King's Answer to Address.

Banhtm In-

closure Bill committed.

Evidence taken last Session on the African Slave Bill to be printed.

Committee appointed to enquire into the State of Scaffolds in the Strand, &c.

2o° — 2i° Aprilis.

283

Way* and Meant deferred.

Supply deferred.

Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Mr* Hastings.

Order* re-speeing Mr. Hastings* Trial.

Report from Committee appointed to consider of the Manner of

ing to St.

il

fa

awls.

Avenues to Saint Paul's,on the West Side of Terhple

Bar, and to report their Opinion to the House what may be fit to be done respecting the fame.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Comptroller of the Household, the Earl of the Lord Westcote, Mr. AddingtonMr. Spencer Stanhope,

Mr. Hobart, Sir Henry Hogbton, Mr. Fox, Lord John Townshend, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Alderman Mr. Alderman Wilkes: And they are to meet immediately in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

The Orders of the Day being read,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 210 die Aprilis;

Anno 290 Georgii III*" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

/JRDERED, That Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Mr. She- ridan, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Windham, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Grey, Mr. Adam, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Dudley North, General Burgoyne, Mr. George Augustus North, Mr. St. John, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Courtenay, Sir James Erskine, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, be the Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Esquire.

Ordered, That the several Orders, made upon the 6th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, be observed every Day that the House shall go as a Committee of the whole House to the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, in Westminster Hall.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Manner of this House going to Saint Paul’s Church, on Thursday, the 23d Day of this Instant April, ana of such Regulations as may be necessary to be observed for the Preservation of Order upon that Occasion j That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred j and had agreed to report, that the following are proper Regulations to be observed on the said Occasion; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Regulations therein mentioned are as followeth; viz.

First, That this House do go from the House to Saint Paul's Church, on Thursday, the 23d of this Instant April, to the Solemnity of the Public Thanks-giving.

Secondly, That the House be going to their Places prepared for them in Saint Paul’s Church, on Thursday, the 23d of this Instant April, by Eight o’Clock in the Morning.

Thirdly, That the House be called over; and that the Speaker do go last; and that no Carriage belonging to any Member of this House be permitted to follow that of the Speaker.

Fourthly, That the Serjeant at Arms do order Two* Messengers to precede on Horseback the First Carriage going from the House. — That at their. Arrival at Saint Paul’s, One do proceed to conduct such Carriage to the Place appointed to wait in, and the other remain to attend in like Manner the last Carriage in the frrocelfion; and that they do take into Custody any Coachman, Footman, or other Person who may be disorderly, or violate any Orders given him, or interrupt the Execution of any Rules made for the Accommodation or Dignity of this House.

Fifthly, That the Members do go to Saint Paul’s in their own Coaches, with a Pair of Horses only to each Coach; that no Hackney Coaches be permitted; and that each Carriage do pass. One by One, within the Chains in Old Palace Yard; and that each Member do dirteft his Servants to keep the Ranks during the Procession.

Sixthly, That no Carriage of any Sort whatever be permitted to stand or pass between Temple Bar and Palace Yard, from Six o’Clock in the Morning till Five in the Afternoon, except the Carriages of such Persons as belong to the Members of either House of Parliament, or to the Procession of Their Majesties' and the Royal Family; and that no Member of this House do come down to the House by the Strand Eastward of Saint Martin’s Lane, or by Pall Mall.

Seventhly, That the Serjeant at Arms do station' One or more Meflfengers of the House on Horseback, who may assist in preventing any Person from violating this Order, and may take into Custody any Person falsely pretending to belong to either House of Parliament.

Eighthly, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Justices of the Peace, the Bailiff of Westminster, and other proper Officers, to assist in the Preservation of Order, and the due Observance of these Regulations: Aud,

Lastly, That the Serjeant at Arms, and other Officers of the House, do attend at Saint Paul's, to conduct the Members to their Seats, to prevent any other Persons from taking Possession of the fame; and be ordered to take into Custody any Person who may violate or obffruft these Orders.

The said Regulations being read a Second Time, were agreed to by the House.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household also reported* That the Lord Mayor of London had communicated to the said Committee certain Regulations for the Arrangement of Carriages within the City of London, which the Committee approved, so far as the same related to the Carriages of the Members of this House; and the said Regulations are as follow:

Regulations proposed for the Accommodation of Their Majesties and the Royal Family, the Members of both Houses of Parliament, the Aldermen, See. of London, and others, passing to, and returning from, the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, on Thursday, the 23d Day of April 1789.

That there be Three Avenues to the Church kept, with distintt Outlets from each, for the Carriages to pass off, and prepare to return.

South West Avenue, for Their Majesties, the Royal Family, and the Two Houses of Parliament.

That the great Street or Avenue from Temple Bar to the Church be reserved entirely for the Passage of Their Majesties, the Royal Family, and the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament; and, it being presumed that Their Majesties and the Royal Family

will

21° Aprilis.

A. 1785

will enter the Church at the West Door, and direct their Carriages to remain within the Rails of the Church Yard, during the Time of Divine Service, it is recommended to the Members of both Houses of Parliament to enter the Church at the South West Gate, and to order their Servants to proceed with their Carriages on the South Side of the Church Eastward, through Watling Street and Budge to

turn up Walbrook to the M and return

through the Poultry into C, and to remain in a double Row on the South Side of , with the Horses towards the Church, until Divine Service is over.

North West Avenue, for the Nobility not in Parliament, and other Persons from the West End of the Town.

That the Nobility, Gentry, and others, coming into Holborn from the West. End of the Town, be requested to proceed along Snow Hill and Newgate Street, turn to the Right down Warwick , and then to the Left along Paternoster Row, and be fct down at Canon Alley,'opposite the North Door of the Church; then to order their Servants to proceed with their Carriages to the End of Paternoster Row, and turn round to the Left into Newgate then down Saint Martin's-le~ Grand into Aldersgate Street, keep the left Side of the Street to Long Lane, and return on the Right, and remain in a double Row, with the Horses ' Heads towards Newgate Streuntil Divine Service is over.

Eastern Avenue, for the Corporation, and other Persons from the East End of the Town.

That the Aldermen, with their Ladies, and the principal City Officers, proceed from the Manfton along Cheapside, to the North East Corner of Saint Paul's Church Yard, and walk from thence to the North Door of the Church; and direct their Carriages to return up For fter Lane, Maiden Lane, Lad Lane, and Cateaton Street, and remain in King Street and Guildhall Yard, with the Horses Heads towards Cheapside, until called for: And that all other Persons from the East End of the Town be requested to direct their Carriages to follow in the same Line.

That Direction Boards be fixed up, and Constables, &c. placed, at all the Turnings, where necessary, to prevent the Coachmen mistaking their Lines.

Hours of Admission.

That all the Charity Children enter the Church at the North and South Doors, by Seven o’Clock in the Morning precisely, and remain until the Church shall be cleare'd.

That the Minor Canons, and their Friends, enter the Church at the Dean's Gate, by Eight o’Clock precisely.

That the Aldermen, with their Ladies, enter the Church at the North Door, by Nine o’Cleck precisely; and that it be recommended to the Members of the Court of Common Council to enter at the North West Gate at the same Time.

General Directions.

That, in order to keep the Avenues to and from the Church as clear and open as possible. Polls with Bars or Chains be fixed at the Entrance of all the Streets and Passages on the North and South Sides of Fleet Street, Ludgate Hill, Ludgate Street, Saint Paul's Church Yard, Watling Street, Budge Row, the Poultry, Cheapside, Newgate Street, Snow Hill, Holborn up to the

Bars, and Paternoster Row, and at the Entrance of all the Streets and Passages on the East and West Sides

of Walbrook, King Street, Saint Martin's-le-Grand, and Aldersgate Street, as far Northward as the Corner of Barbican.

That Polls and Rails be fixed from the South East Corner of Paternoster Row, rounding to the North Side of Newgate Street-, from the North East Corner of Dowgate Hill, cross Cannon , to the South East Corner of Walbrook-, from the North East Corner of the Manfton House, cross the Street, to the South West Corner of Princes Street -, from the South West Corner of Barbican, cross Aldersgate Street, to the South East Corner of Long Lane; and from the North East Corner of Warwick Lane, cross Newgate Street; and that the Ends of all other Streets and Passages, communicating with the Lines of the different Processions, be obstructed in like Manner.

That all the said Polls, Rails, and Bars, be fixed by Two of the Clock in the Morning, and continued until the whole Company shall have left the Church; and that no Coach or other Carriage, except those belonging to the Persons above mentioned, be suffered to remain in any Street or Passage within the Extent of such Polls and Bars, on any Pretence whatever.

That where Two or more Lines of Carriages, coming from different Streets, in order to proceed towards the Church, are to fall into One Line, Constables, and other proper Persons, be stationed, who shall direct the several Lines to advance alternately.

One Carriage from each, into the Angle Line, and shall immediately take into Custody any Coachman, or other Person, who shall refill or disobey such Orders as may be given for the Observance of this Regulation.

That all Carriages in the North West Avenue shall advance in a single Line from Holborn Bars -, and that all Carriages in the Eastern Avenue shall advance in a single Line from the Manfton House.

That Constables,' and other proper Persons, be placed to secure all the Bars and Chains, in every Passage where they shall be fixed.

That Constables, and other proper Persons, be placed to keep clear and uninterrupted the Footway from the North West Avenue, through Canon , and the Footway from the Eastern Avenue, along the Church Yard, to the Church.

That no Hackney Coach be permitted, on any Pretence whatsoever, to be drawn within those Parts of the City to be inclosed with Bars and Chains; and that the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches be requested to take away the Licence from every Coachman who shall attempt the Breach of this Regulation.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Paper thereunto annexed, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend

their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly j and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly -, and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who 5 refuse

21

Aprilis.

185

Leave given the Westminster Elrftion Committee to adjourn.

refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of tings, Esquire, be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and they went to the Places in Westminster appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Comm|ttee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pringle, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland j and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty 6f minster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty, acquainted the House, That the said Committee desired Leave to adjourn, at the Rising of the Committee Tomorrow, until Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, His Majesty having appointed 5 Thursdayto be observed as a Day of Public Thanks-giving.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

Beiwick St. James and Fisherton Answer Inclosure Bill pr«» Tented.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commohable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Odiham In-Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waite committed* Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings of Odibam, Northwarnborough, Hill-side. Rye, and Stapely, in the Parish of Odibam, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Minchin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. The Lord*

Montagu: will proceed

_ , Tomorrow

Mr. Speaker, on Mr H»r-

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ting*’* Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hafttngs, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1789, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Militia Estimate reported*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1789.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men Cloathing for D* — — -

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants

Cloathing for D® — —

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers Cloathing for D° — —

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals —

D® — D® -r 66 Adjutants —

28 Days Pay to the several Officers —

£ 28,784 30,840 18,781

3>598

4,690

1,028

12*521

7.195

8,700

116,137

Forfar Roads Bill reported.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-Vol. XLIV.

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon , the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

4 D The

Atrount of Pi o,luce of Furt Fr\»it» and Tertha presented.

Petition from the Churchwarden*, &e. of Edmonton, ag.iinrt Shoreditch Roads Bill. '

The House being informed that Mr. Bacon, Receiver of the First Fruits and Tenths, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Revenues of First Fruits and Tenths, for the Year 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish Church of Edmonton, in the County of and of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and other Inhabitants of the same Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch,to the furthermost Part of the

Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Newington Green to Bush Hill,in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County j and Setting forth, That it is proposed by the said Bill to widen and amend the High Road, leading from Shoreditch to Enfield Town, which, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, is, at this Time, wholly unnecessary, the present Road being in very good Repair, and the repealing the Act of Parliament, under which the said Road has hitherto been kept in Repair, and carrying into Execution the Plan proposed by the said Bill, in the Manner thereby intended, will be attended with a very great Expence, and will be more an Object of private Convenience to some neighbouring Individuals, than of public Utility} and that the Petitioners are informed it is proposed, in case the said Bill Should pass into a Law, that the Parish of Edmonton shall Annually pay, towards making and altering the said Roads, the Sum of £. 120, out of the Rates to be raised in the said Parish for the Maintenance of the Poor, which is not only novel, but would be a very great Burthen upon the Parish; and that the Petitioners are already so burthened with Poor, as to have been obliged very lately to double the former Rate levied in the said Parish, and therefore they cannot but object to any further Charge being laid on the said Rate, and the more especially as they conceive the present Bill, so far as the same relates to the Roads in the said Parish, is unnecessary, the Acts now in Force being fully sufficient to carry into Execution all the Purposes comprized in the present Bill, as relative to the said last mentioned Roads: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now Hands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Commtitee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and i.n-closing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Mechcn Ifcoed and Plas y Dinas, in the County of Montgomery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Mechen IJcced and Plasy Dinas, in the County of Montgomery.

Ordered, That Mr. Cotes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Speaker reported. That Sir William Chambers, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Works, had been with him this Morning, and acquainted him, that His Majesty had been pleased to give Orders for the making due Preparations for the Conveniency of the Members of this House to attend at Saint Paul's Church on Thursday next.

A Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement " of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Mullins, by veiling the Pioperties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for removing certain Difficulties respecting the Qualification of the Proprietors of Shares in the Company for smelting down Lead with Pit Coal and Sea Coal, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrolled.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 27th Day of March last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant resolve

itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of several Scaffolds or Temporary Buildings now making in the Strand, and other Avenues to Saint Paul's, on the West Side of Temple Bar, and to report their Opinion to the House what may be fit to be done respecting the fame} That the Committee had enquired accordingly and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the Houseand he read the Report

Mtchen Ifcoed and Pla* y Dma* Inclosure Bill patftd.

Mr. Speaker rrp rr* thne t’e King had given Orders for rraking Prrpar t;on« for the Members to attend at St. Paul's.

Callicoe Printers Bill commit ltd.

Smelting Lead Company* Bill reported.

Bill fur repeal*

ing County

Elections

deferred.

Report from

Committee app inted to er qMire into the State of Scaffuhls in the Strand, See,

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, enquired into the Matter to them referred, and called before them several Persons; whose Examination is as follows:

Mr. Edward Waters, Surveyor to the Committee For Paving, in the Parish of Saint Martin's in the Fields, being examined, was asked, Whether he knew of any Scaffolds, or Temporary Buildings, erected within his District ? to which he said. There are several in the Strand, which he deems very dangerous, from their being slenderly built, and from their being placed upon Shop Fronts and other unsafe Places — That many of them are made to contain Twenty or more Persons. — He has seen about Twelve of these that he thinks very dangerous; they are dangerous for the People they are intended to contain, as well as to those who may be walking in the Street. They are both dangerous from the Circumstance of their being too (lightly built, and from the Probability of Persons pressing forward from the Inflde of the Houses. That he can take upon him to say, as a Surveyor, that he thinks there is a considerable Danger of Accidents happening from them. — And he added. That he has seen several other Buildings, between Saint Martin's Parish and Catherine Street, which he believes to be dangerous.

Being asked. Whether he apprehended Danger arising from any Number of People (landing behind the Parapet Walls? he said, He does, both from the Looseness of the Coping Stones, and the Thinness of the Parapet Walls, and many of them being old and decayed. That a printed Notice was sent, todifcourage People, Within the Parish of Saint M, from making any such Buildings; but he thinks it has not produced any Effect, except in One Instance, where they have abated a Part. They are certainly such as would be presented, if there was Time sufficient. That he has also seen, in the Streets leading to the Strand, Two Scaffolds; One made to contain about Fifty People, in Durham Street, and another smaller in Saint Martin's Lane; the latter is now only making, so that he cannot speak to its Safety; but it certainly is a Nui-fance, and the other is positively dangerous.

Then your Committee examined Sir William Chambers, who said. That he has seen several Scaffolds that have been put upon Buildings that are scarcely sufficient to support themselves, so that, unless some Props are put under, he considers them as dangerous — he means principally,those near Exeter Change. — There is Danger in Persons (landing behind Parapet Walls, as they are very thin, and the Coping Stones generally loose — He thinks the Surveyors of the Parishes Should certainly examine the Scaffolds before they can be safe to be used: Then

Mr. Samuel Drake, Surveyor under the Building Act for the Parish of Saint Martin's, being examined, was asked, What he knows of any Scaffolds, or Temporary Buildings, erected within his District ? to which he said, He has seen several along the Strand, which he apprehends to be dangerous — They are built over the Shop Fronts, and with Rails round them, which, if pressed against, would fly immediately into the Street — That he believes many of them are insecure — He apprehends the Joists, to which some of them are fixed, may be decayed, and not able to bear the Weight that may possibly be on them — That many of them are too slenderly built; and he really takes upon N him, as a Surveyor, to say, that he thinks there is a considerable Danger of Accidents happening from them — He has also taken Notice of those at Exeter Change, but has not examined them — They seem unsafe; but he cannot speak to that, — He apprehends

Danger arising from Persons (landing behind the Parapet Walls, as some of them are very weak, and in many Cafes decayed, and are very likely to be pulhed into the Streets — That he has in some Iofbnces endeavoured to discourage the making these Buildings — And being asked, With what Fffeft ? lie said, One or Two have taken them down: Then

Mr. John Marquand, Surveyor to the Commissioners for paving Westminster, being examined, said. That he received an Order from the Commissioners to examine the Scaffolds in the Districts remaining under their Jurisdiction — That there is a Scaffold in the Savcy, which is placed over the Projection of the Window; there is another in Saint Mary-le-Strand, opposite the New Church, which is also placed upon the Projeftion of the Window and the Cornice, which are too small to be particularly dangerous; but there are many that he thinks extremely so; and they Should be all taken down — That he noticed the Scaffold over Exeter Change, which seems very (lightly built, and dangerous for the Number of Persons it is intended for — That he can take upon him to say, as a Surveyor, that he thinks there is considerable Danger of Accidents happening — That he himself saw a melancholy Instance upon Tower Hill, by a Scaffold falling, which had been built without sufficient Strength and Judgment. — And he further said, That he ought to add, that he has seen that near the New Church, which appears to be built with sufficient Strength to be safe for the Number of Persons it is proposed to contain — That he apprehends Danger arising from any considerable Number of Persons (landing behind Parapet Walls, both from the Weakness of the Parapet, and the Looseness of the Copings; and that he thinks this as dangerous as any of the Scaffolds that are built without Judgment.

IT appears to your Committee, by the Evidence of the several Surveyors whom they have examined. That several of the Scaffolds, and Temporary Buildings, in the Strand, and other Avenues to Saint Paul's, on the West Side of Temple Bar, are in such a State, as to oe likely to endanger the Lives of His Majesty’s Subjectsi Your Committee therefore beg Leave to submit to the Wisdom of the House their Opinion, that some Measures Should be taken, without Delay, to prevent the Mischiefs which may arile to the Public, if the Scaffolds and Temporary Buildings, describe’d in the Evidence now reported to the House, be suffered to continue in their present State.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to authorize, for a limited Time, in same of Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulph of Lawrence, and the islands within the said Gulph, and to the Coall of Labrador: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Papers, containing the Proceedings of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, and Information received, respecting an Infeft supposed to infeft the Wheat of the Territories of the United States of America, which were presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 7th Day of this Instant April, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill

kill to authori2e the Importation of Provisions from America into Quebec, &c. ordered.

Papers respecting an Inleft ftippoicd to in-felt American Wheat, to bf printed*

a88 21° — 22® — 230 Aprilis. A. 1789.

Pftor Relief Bill committed*

A Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the i ith Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the

Countries bordering on the Gulf of Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

House resolvei to tdjourn till Tomorrow

Morning 7 o'Clock.

Way* and Meant deferred*

Mercurii, 2 2° Aprilis;

Anno 29* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

-nESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Friday Morning next, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Jovis, 2 30 die A;

Anno 29* Georgii III*" Regis, 1789.

THE House being met, in order to their going House meet*.

to Saint Paul's Church, to the Solemnity of the *^lr1 ,t*e* *° Public Thanksgiving; Saturday.

Resolved, That this House will, from this Day, adjourn till Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House be now called over, House called for their more orderly proceeding to Saint Paul's tJ^t’/paufeT Church.

Then the Members were called over by the' Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went to Saint Paul's Church accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Supply deferred.

Bill to authorise the Importation of Provision* into Quebec, &c. picfcoted.

The Lord* will pioceed onSatuiday on Mr. Halting* Trial.

Bill to autho-n/ethe Importation of Pio-vifiont into Quebec, See,

otfUllillCli.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Friday Morning next, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to authorize, for a limited Time, in same of NecelTity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of into the

Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eamof and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to authorize, for a limited Time, in same of NecelTity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States

Note.

The House being called over, at about Half an Hour past Seven o’Clock in the Morning, the Members went accordingly in their Carriages from the House, along Parlia by Charing Cross, the Strand, and Street, directly to Saint Paul’s Church: The Clerk Assistant and Deputy Serjeant at Arms went in the First Carriage, being preceded all the Way by fbme of the Messengers of the House on Horseback, as had been before directed, and also by the Constables of Westminster, as far as Temple Bar. The Members, on their coming to Saint Pauls, were conducted through the Iron Gate at the South West Corner, into the large Area before the Church, and from thence into the Great Western Door of the Church: Mr. Speaker, in his Coach, attended by the Clerk and Serjeant at Arms, went the last, and fat in the Middle of the North Side of the Choir, with the Mace before him, and the Clerk and Serjeant were in the Seat below him. The Members fat in the Places provided for them, which conflfted of the Whole of the Gallery on the South Side of the Choir, and One Half of the Gallery on the North Side of the Choir, at the Western End nearest the Organ, which proved to be sufficient for their Accommodation. — No Interruption or Inconvenience happened during the Proccflion, or in any Part of this Proceeding; the Whole was conduced with great Regularity and Order, and in a Manner suitable to so solemn an Occasion, and to the Dignity of the House.

Sabbati,

2 5° Apr

a8p

Sabbat:, 25° afc Aprilis;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

the Parishes of Am#/ Afary Saint

Mary Stoke Netbington, and &»»/ to

the Westward Side of the Kingsland Turnpike Road, leading to at a Place called The Spital,

adjoining to Kingsland Greet:, in the said Parishes of Saint Mary Islington, and Saint John Hackney, is out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and, by Rca-BishopofLon- f^RDERED, That the Thanks of this House be son of the excessive Loads of Sand, Aihes, Breeze, don thanked. given to the Lord Bishop of London, for the excel- and Bricks, carried upon the said Road, the same can-lent Sermon by him preached before His Majesty and not be effectually amended and widened by the Laws both Houses of Parliament at Saint Paulxs Church, on in being; and that, if the said last mentioned Road Thursday last, the Day of Public Thanksgiving ap- was properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, pointed by His Majesty: And that Mr. Robert Smith it would make a much nearer and more convenient and Mr. Wilberforce do attend his Lordship with the Communication between Newington Green aforesaid Thanks of this House. and the said Turnpike Road leading to,

Daljton, Hackney, and the great Eastern Road, than the Mr. Rowland Stephenson reported from the Com- present Turnpike Road between those Places, and be mittee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood and the putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in Public: And therefore praying. That Provision may the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be made, in the said Bill, for amending and widen for repairing: and widening the Road from Shaddon

Shad don Gate Road Petition reported.

ing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stephenson Mr. ring. See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morn-

ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Of the Inhabitants of the Parish Petition of Saint George, Hanover Square, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the nwrerSquaK, rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was pre- Poor, See. Bill, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

repairing

Gate, near Carlisle, to the Turnpike Road at Mulafide, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road between Binfey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skiiibeck, in the County of Cumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. George Blamire being examined, said. That the the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that, in confc-Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said quence of an Application from the Select Vestry of Act, and have borrowed the Sum of ,£.2,140 on the the said Parish, Leave has been given to bring in a Credit thereof, which still remains due; that the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor Term of the said Act is near expiring, and unless the of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within same be continued the Money borrowed cannot be the Liberty of the City of Westminster, for repairing re-paid, and the Roads kept in Repair. the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Patrol, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and ' for enlarging the Term of an Act of the Seventh Year removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening within several of the Streets, and other public Passages

Petition for additional Provision to Shoreditch Hoads Bill.

the Road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulafide, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binfey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skill-beck, in the County of Cumberland: And that Mr. Rowland Stephenson and Sir Henry Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, within the several Parishes of Saint Mary

Islington, Hornjey, Saint Mary Stoke , and

and Places within the said Parish, for apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain Expences incurred on Account of the said Parish, for discontinuing the common Use of the Burial Ground behind the Workhouse, and for making some Alterations relative to the Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish, which Bill the Petitioners conceive will, in many Respects, be very detrimental to, and materially affect, the Property of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, by fub-jesting them to heavy and unnecessary Burthens, and by indemnifying the Select Vestry. for having improperly and unwarrantably expended large Sums of Saint John Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, was Money for different Purposes than those for which the presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of same had been raised, and thereby increasing the Poors

the Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads; and for amend

Rate of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners are now proceeding in a Course of Law against the said Select Vestry, and have caused an Appeal to be made to the Quarter Selftons (which Appeal has not yet been determined) respecting the Expenditure of considerable Sums of Money, which the Petitioners alledge to have been grossly misapplied, and not authorized by any existing Law: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Coupfel, upon the Second ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Reading of the said Bill, and that the same may not Newington Green to Bush Hill, in the Parish of Ed- pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have monton, in the said County; and Setting forth, That such other Relief as to the House shall appear just and a certain Piece of Road or Public Highway, called equitable.

The Coach and Horses Lane, situate on the Eastward Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Sid e of Newington Green aforesaid, and running through Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; Vol. XLIV. 4 E and

Petition* from Wnki'worth ti.il Nottingham, in favour of Cromford Canal Bill.

Loyne Navigation Petition reported.

and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants, in the Hundred of Wirksworth, and Towns adjacent, in the County of "Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for makipg a Navigable Canal from , in the County of Derby, to Langley , in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and from thence to the Erewash Canal, to communicate with the River Trent, and also a Cut from the said Canal to , in the said County of Derby: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor and several principal Inhabitants of the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham, was also presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the Petitioners find a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Cromford Green, in the County of Derby, to communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, together with a Collateral Cut from such intended Canal into the Parish of Pinxton, in the County of Derby: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near Cromford Green, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal at or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the County of Derby, and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of Selston, in the County of hamr, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Rawlinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Samuel Esquire, Mayor

of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County of caster, Richard Walker, George Hargreaves, Thomas Rawlirfon, Richard Gillow, William Carter, David Dockray, Samuel Bradford, John Brookbank, Robert Whilefide, John Shaw, George Suart, fames Booth, John Taylor, Benjamin Satterthwaite the Younger, John Stable, and Robert Inman, Merchants, being the present Commissioners nominated and appointed under, or by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for " improving the " Navigation of the River otherwise called Lune, and for building.a Quay or " Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," for and on the Behalf of

themselves and all others trading to or from the Port of Lancaster, or to or from other Ports and Places adjacent to the said Port, and navigating the Bay usually called Lancaster Bay, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as

it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as felloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, and also an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending the same, were read: And,

Mr. Samuel Gregfon being examined, said, That the Sum of £.6,000, authorized to be raised for carrying the said Acts into Execution, was borrowed by the Commissioners, and has been applied for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes thereby directed, and now remains due.

That in order to secure a safe and proper Accommodation for Ships and Vessels trading to and from the Port of Lancaster, it was thought expedient that a certain Pier or Mole, and also a Wet Dock, Should be erected and made in or near to the said River, at a Place called Glajfon, and that the same hath been begun, and so far proceeded in as to render the said Port a safe and commodious Receptacle for such Ships and Vessels, but that the said Works are not yec completed.

That the Sum of £.6,000, borrowed as aforesaid, together with the Rates and Duties collected, being found insufficient to defray the Expences incurred, the further Sum of £.1,560 hath been also raised and expended on Account of the said Works, and an additional Sum of Money will be wanted in order to complete the same; and several other Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Acts.

And the Witness further said. That the present Land Mark, situate at Rojfall Point, being made of Wood, has been frequently damaged, and is liable to decay, and that it would be of great Utility if, in Lieu thereof, a permanent Stone one was built.

And he added. That the Navigation of the-Bay of Lancaster is, on account of many Shoals, Rocks, and Sand Banks, lying and being in different Parts thereof, rendered extremely dangerous, by Means of which frequent Shipwrecks have happened on the Coast, and divers Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes and Crews, have been totally loft; and that if Light-houses, with Signals, were to be erected in proper Situations, it would be the Means of preventing Accidents in future, and of saving many Lives.

Mr. Thomas Burrow being also examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River , otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; And that Mr. Rawlinjon and Sir George Warren do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, in Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for further regulating and alccrtaining the importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within " several Ports and Places therein mentioned and Setting forth. That it is intended by the said Bill absolutely to prohibit the Importation of Meal, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, into this Kingdom from any Place excepting Ireland, and it is proposed to divide the Kingdom into Districts, that the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Monmouth, with the said City and County of Bristol, shall be One of such Districts, and Chat from the general Average Prices of Corn, in several Towns to be fixed and appointed in the said District,

Petition from the Corporation of Bristol against the Com Regulation Bill.

29 Geo. III.

2 50 Aprilis.

291

the Importation and Exportation thereof within the Whole of the same District are to be regulated} and that the Petitioners apprehend* if such Bill should pass into a Law, the same would be highly injurious to the Kingdom at large, and to the City of in par-

of be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by

ticular, that to prohibit the Importation of Meal, their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, as by the Bill intended, Petition, if they think file.

would be depriving the Poor of this Kingdom of many seasonable and necessary Supplies, the Merchants of many valuable Returns, the Manufacturer and Artificer of their expected Payments and Rcimbursements, and, without enumerating more of the Injuries to be sustained by Trade, would give an Opportunity to certain Descriptions of Persons dealing in Meal and Flour to form Monopolies, and enrich themselves at

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

the Expence of the Nation; and that by the said Bill House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the L/>bby, the Importation and Exportation of Corn imp and and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

from the Counties of Kent and already by Law restrained, or admitted by the Price of that Article in the London Market, are to be further regulated, but the Importation and Exportation of the same into and from the City of Bristol, is intended to be controuled by the Returns and Prices of all lesser Towns or Places within the District of the said Three Counties

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminst Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and.

of Gloucester, Somerset, and Monmouth, which Counties if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, have been accustomed, for many Years, to bring, at a who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately considerable Expence of Freight, Carriage, and Com- into his Custody. million, the greater Part of the Corn raised therein And he went accordingly.

respectively to the Bristol Market, the Price whereof And being returned, he reported. That there was

hath, a considerable Time past, regulated the felling no Person in the said Places or Passages. and buying of great Quantities of Corn, as well within And the Names of the Members, appointed to be the said City as in the said adjacent Counties, and that Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

if "the same are to be sold, and the Prices regulated by were called over; and they went to the Places in

the Markets of the said Towns or Places where the Costs of Transportation have not been incurred, a fair Average Price cannot be ascertained; and that Bristol is a large, opulent, and very populous City, by the Markets and Importations whereof many Thoufagds of People within the same City, and employed in

Westminster Hall appointed for them; '

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk,

many large and extensive Manufactories in its Vicinity, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into West-with the Inhabitants of considerable Parts of the said minster Hall accordingly.

Counties of Gloucester and S contiguous thereto, are supplied with Corn and Grain, the Importation and Exportation whereof into and from the same City have been regulated, for more than a Century past, by the Prices as found and presented by the Grand Jury at the Quarter Sessions, by due Enquiry upon Oath, which Regulations the Petitioners apprehend are better calculated to answer the Purposes intended by the Legislature, than those intended by the said Bill, and that if the several Counties, proposed to be attached to the said City as a District, were to be regulated as to their Imports and Exports by the Prices of Corn

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

An ingossed Bill for repairing the Roads in the Forfar Road* County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute La- Bl11 passed' bour within the same, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 33. After " them " to insert " or any <r Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

and Grain, as returned by the Grand Juries for the said put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill City, in the same Manner as the said Counties of EJfexwas amended at the Table accordingly, and Kent are determined by the London Markets, it Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title would be for the equal and mutual Advantage of the be, for repairing the Roads in the County of

said several Counties, as well as of the said City of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within Bristol: And therefore praying, That the several the fame.

Clauses of the said Bill, prohibiting the Importation of Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, into this Kingdom, from any Place but Ireland, and annexing the said City of Bristol to the said Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Monmouth, as One District, and for /regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn thereby, may not pass into a Law, and that, if any Alterations are made in the Laws at present in being respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn, the said several Counties last mentioned may be regulated by the Prices of Corn and Grain as found at the General Quarter Sessions to be held for the said City, in such Manner as the House shall think fit, or that the said City of Bristol may be excepted out of the said intended Act, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill,

Inclosure Bill chitofflUteft.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Bourton and Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common vv*tchfield Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within ?he Hamlets of Bourton and Watchfteld, in the Parish of Sbrivenbam, in the County of Berks, was read a Secdnd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bou-verie, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol at Winchester, in the County of

Southampton,

Winchester Debtors Petition.

Perth Roads BUI reported*

Petition from Land Owners in Leicester* Shire against the Soar, See* Navigation Bill.

Petition from Owner* of Water Mills in Leicester-thire against

D* Bill.

Southampton, was presented to the House, and read} Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

General Murray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true $ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the County of adjoining,

or lying near to, the Rivers Soar, and Eye, in-

tended to be made navigable, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making the River Soar navigable from its Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrenton, in the County of Leicester, to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making the River Wreak navigable from its Junction with the River in or near the Lordship of Cojftngton, to the River Eye, and for making such last mentioned River navigable to Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray,

in the said County; and Setting forth. That the First Meeting to consider of rendering the Rivers Wreak and Eye navigable was held at Melton Mowbray only on the 9th Day of February last, and the First Meeting to consider of making the River Soar navigable up to Leicester was only held at that Town on the ad Day of March last, at which Time, and not before, the Promoters of the Two Schemes agreed to consolidate them, and make a joint Application to Parliament, although at a Public Meeting, held at Leicester, by Advertisement of the Mayor, on the 25th of October last, to consider of rendering the River Soar navigable, it was resolved, that it was then too late to apply to Parliament in this present Session: Under these Circumstances, and as the Bill will, as the Petitioners apprehend, materially affect and injure their Property, as well as that of others interested in the Lands and Grounds adjoining to the said proposed Navigation, therefore praying, That the House will permit them to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Occu-. piers of Water Mills, situate. Handing, and being, in the County of Leicester, on or near the Rivers Soar, Wreak, and Eye, which are intended to be made navigable, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and Alledging, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will not only very materially affect and injure the Property of the Petitioners, and other Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills, situate on or near the said Rivers Soar, Wreak, and Eye, and deriv-2

ing their Supplies of Water from the Streams and Currents which, in the Event of such Bill passing, will be taken to supply the said Navigation, but will also occasion great Injury and Inconvenience,to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places, in and near which the said Mills are situate, for whose Use those Mills are almost wholly employed in the grinding of Corn: And therefore praying. That the House will permit them to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Addington reported from the Committee, to whonp the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Urchfont and Beechingstoke,\n the County of Wilts, was committed ;. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 250 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill, but would not oppose; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to 1,553 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

t

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, and regulating the Streets, Lancs, Alleys, and Public Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York; for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there; and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River EJk, within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Grate-nty, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and the Road from Corfenarget to Wanlockbead, in the said County of Dumfries-, without any Amendment: And also,

The

Urchfont and Beech inglloke Inclosure Bill reported

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to repeal the Shop Ta* Acts.

Whitby Pa?-ing Bill,

Dumfries Road Bill.

29 Geo. III.

2 50 Aprilis.

293

Stan well and Shipcot Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An An irigrofled Bill from' the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Hallett,

Odiham Road

Bill.

Hertford-bridge Hill Roads Bill*

Arable, and Meadow Grounds, and Lammas Lands and Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stanwell and Ham, otherwise Shipcot, and in the Paritti of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham, in the County of Southampton, to Famham, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And Also,

Hallett't Estate BUI read.

Esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to F*»er(h*in

Order, a Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, arid watching the Highways, Streets,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within

Act for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Hill to

the Town of Baftngstoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham,

in the County of Southampton; and for extending the Limits of the said last mentioned Road, from the present Termination thereof in the said Town of Odiham, to the Road leading from thence, through the said Town, to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

the Town and Liberty of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining the reto} and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timt.

The House being informed that Mr. Church, De- Cafo Account puty Accountant General to the Pott Office, attended of post

Jackson's Nat* Bill*

The Lords have patted

Hallett’sEstate

Bill.

Philipps* Estate Bill.

at the Door} he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-

presented.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Hallett, Esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir

" Cash Account of the Ge-One Year, ended 5th April

A Paper, intituled,

" neral Post Office for " 1789."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That Ihe said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Scffiom

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer preferited to the

John Philipps, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Nantes Nat. Bill.

The Lords will proceed on Thufiday on Mr. Hall tings'* Trial.

Philippa's Eft ate Bill read.

.fold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the Estates so to be vetted in Trustees to befolcL to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Nantes , to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir John Philipps, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to

Report from the Lords of Council respecting the Slave Trade

A Copy of the Report of the Lords of the Commft-tee of Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, Prefcrte submitting to His Majesty’s Consideration the Evidence and Information they have collected, in consequence of His Majesty’s Order in Council, dated the nth of February 1788, concerning the present State of the Trade to Africa, and particularly the Trade in Slaves $ and concerning the Effects and Consequen- . ces of this Trade, as well in Africa and The West Indies, as to the General Commerce of this Kingdom.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon sla»* Tr*d<

- - -- - x deferred.

the 8th Day of this Instant April, for the House to re-be fold, and for investing the Money arising from the solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Mailing Heath Road* Bill presented.

Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the Estates so to be veiled in Trustees to be sold, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Honywood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath, to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wents near Matfield Green,in the County of Kent And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the shall be read a Second Time. Vol. XLIV.

Monday next, to consider of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, might be read.

* And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven night, the 5th Day of May next, resolve itself into

the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Freeholders, and Persons holding Lands by Lease in North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for pav-

4 F

Petition against North Shields Paving Bill.

Member added so bung in Buton Road Bill.

Farton Road 2>j1J prcicuted.

W ilpolr Etr-bjiilw ng and inciolurr Bill pK.cntcci.

Committee on B»II to aut' o-iuc the importation ot Proviiiotif inro t^icbcc, kc.

*94

250 — %'f Aprilis. A. 1789.

ing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Tallages and Places within the Town of North Shields, and Parts adjacent, and for removing

and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and for widening, or otherwise improving, such of the said Streets, and other Public Passages, as are narrow and incommodious; and that several of the Petitioners, without duly considering the Business, and without taking the Scnfe of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Town, signed the Petition, and others of the Petitioners, as loon as they were apprized of such Bill, requeued that a Public Meeting of the Freeholders within the said Town might be held to consider of the Propriety of the Measure being carried into Execution, when it was resolved, by a great Majority of the Freeholders present at the said Meeting, that such a Bill was totally unnecessary, and the Petitioners conceive that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be very injurious and oppressive to them, and will subject the Petitioners to a great and heavy Expence, and also be the Means of imposing an Assessment upon many of the Inhabitants of the said Town, who are incapable of discharging the present existing Taxes: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may receive such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be brought in.

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk.

Mr. Minchin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

R solved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir "John lVodebcufe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for embanking the Common Salt Marsh, within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the fame, and several other Commons within the said Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refched, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

mittee. That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, withouc any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in the Pftiiion from India Islands, and Merchants trading to the West Indies, residing in the City of Glafg and its Neigh- Abolition of bourhood, thereunto subscribing, was presented to ^'J^* the House, and read 5 Setting forth, That the Peti- " tioners are much alarmed at the Bill proposed to be brought into Parliament, this Session, for abolishing the African Slave Trade, and are clearly of Opinion, that if, in the present Situation of the West India Islands, the said Bill shall pass into a Law, it will not only be attended with the most ruinous Consequences to many of the Petitioners, but also be of the greatest Detriment to the Navigation, Revenue, and Commerce of Great Britain; and that many of the Petitioners, upon the Faith of the Permanency of British Laws, have, at a great Expence, erected large Works on their Property in the West India Islands, for the Purpose of manufacturing Sugar and Rum, which t will become of little Value, if they are not allowed to import Negro Labourers from Africa, and, others of the Petitioners, upon the same Faith, have advanced large Sums of Money upon Landed Estates in the West Indies, and if the Proprietors of these Estates are prevented from importing Negro Labourers to cultivate them, as heretofore, the Security thereon to the Petitioners must become very precarious, and indeed the Estates themselves will fopn be a Burthen rather than a Benefit to the Proprietors, as it appears impossible to carry on their Cultivation, if the accustomed Liberty of importing Labourers is denied; and that all the Petitioners are dejeply imprefied with a Sense of the melancholy Effedli which the passing of such a Bill into a Raw will prbduce, not only upon the West India Islands, xmt also upon the Manufactures and Shipping of this Kingdom,! while at the same Time they are convinced it will be productive of the greatest Advantage to the Commercial Rivals of this Country: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against it.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to authorize, for a limited Time, in same of Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coalt of Labrador, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Morningtontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl of Mornington reported from the Com-

LuntBy 2 70 die yJprilis;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

R. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Returns of Clerk of this House had received several Re- *c*

turns to the Order of the House of the 17th Day of Burghs. June, in the last Session of Parliament, " That there " be laid before this House, Copies of the Charters " and Setts of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, noto- rially copied," which, by an Order of the Floufe, of the 12th Day of February last, were directed to be transmitted to the Clerk of this House, to be by him laid before the House; and that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered,

Wan ft cad Church Bill reported.

Hailing having BiUpaffed.

Shaddon Gate Road Bill presented.

Arnold Inclosure Bill committed.

Petition from Manchester in favour of the Hawkers and Pedlars.

29 Geo. III.

270 Ap

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir James Tylney Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Maty Wan-ftede, alias Wanstead,in the County of was

committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways of and within the Town and Port of Hasting, in the county of ; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments within the said Town and Port, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be. An Act for-paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways, within the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hajiing, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments within the said Town and Port.

Ordered, That Mr. John Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rowland Stephenson presented to the House, according to Order, a- Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulajiae, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binjey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' *i.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Stanley, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of Manchester, convened by public Advertisement of the Borough Reeve, and Con-ltables, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in Consequence of the Restrictions imposed upon the Hawkers and Pedlars by the Ninth and Eleventh Sections of a late Act, that useful and industrious Body of Men have suffered very great Inconvenience, which has prevented them from carrying on their Business, as they did before the said Act, and great Quantities of the Manufactures of the Town

and Neighbourhood of Manchester before the said Act were disposed of by them, to the very great Ad van* tage of the Manufactures, and of His Majesty’s Revenue; and that the Restrictions complained of have been very prejudicial to the Trade of Great Britain, not only by the almost Abolition of the Hawkers and Pedlars, but by having encouraged the Introduction of much larger Quantities of Contraband India Goods than were ever before imported, to the great Detriment of His Majesty’s Revenue, as well as Injury to the British Manufacturers: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Repeal of the said Two Sections into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of the Allegations contained in this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Newton Ogle, Doctor in Divinity, Dean of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Winchester, on Behalf of himself, and of the Chapter of the same Church, and also the Petition of Richard Moore, Esquire, Lessee under the said Dean and Chapter of certain Estates in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings of Odiham, Northwarnborough, Hillftde, Rye, and Stapely, in the Parish of Odiham, in the County of Southampton; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Hands, it will prove very prejudicial to the Estates of the Petitioners, situate in the said Parish of Sutton: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now Brands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth.

Ordered, That General Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of OJwaldkirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulfton, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

5 Resolved,

Petition from the Dean of Winchester, and others, against Odiham Inclosure Bill.

Perth Roads Bill passed.

York and Craike Road Bill committed.

Petition from the Merchant Venturer* of Briftel agiinft the Corn Regulation Bill.

Wa» wick D^Stori i*eti-

non.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Weddell, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and

read } Setting forth. That, in the Bill now depending for explaining the Act of the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and ascertaining the Importation of Corn and Grain within the several Ports and Places therein mentioned, is inserted a Clause,prohibiting the Importation of Corn or Grain, ground into Meal or Flour, or made into Bread or Biscuit (except from Ireland) and, the Petitioners conceive, however politic it may be, in most Cafes, to give all due Encouragement and Employment to the Manufactures and Subjects of the Kingdom, yet that this Principle Should not be applied to any Article of Provision, as any Restrictions or Difficulty in procuring the fame, may be attended with the most fatal Consequences; and that, by the said Bill, the City of Bristol, and the adjoining Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Monmouth, are formed into a District, and the Average Prices of fuclv District (to be ascertained and returned as in the said Bill is mentioned) are to govern all the Ports therein, as well with respect to the Importation, as to the Drawback to be allowed on Exportation; and that the City of Bristol being very large and populous, the Corn raised in the said Counties is chiefly brought to that Market, and as the Prices there must be increased by the Charges of Freight, Carriage, and Commission, the Petitioners conceive, that those Prices Should be the Standard for that District, and that the Port of Bristol should not be annexed to or regulated by the Prices at the small Towns in the said Counties, where the Expences of Carriage, &c. have not been incurred, and this is the same with respect to the Port of London, which gives the Prices for the adjoining Counties of Kent and Essex; and that the*Prices at which the Ports are to be opened are, under the Provisions of the said Bill, to be fixed by the Returns of the Average Prices in each District to be made by the Receiver of Corn Returns previous to every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and, the Petitioners conceive, should the Bill pass into a Law, it would be found more convenient and beneficial, if more frequent Periods were fixed for the making of such Returns; and that the Importation of Com in the Port of Bristol has been governed, for a Century past, by the Returns made by the Grand Jury at the Quarter Sessions, which Regulation, the Petitioners submit, is more easy in Practice, and less complex and burthensome, than the Provisions of the said Bill: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or, if the Bill should pass, that the Clauses prohibiting the Importation of Corn or Grain ground into Meal or Flour, or made into Bread or Biscuits, may not be adopted, and that the Prices of Corn and Grain in the Port of Bristol may be the Standard of the District wherein it is included, and that the Returns for regulating Importations may be more frequent, and for such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the " Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," is committed.

A Petition of the Debtors in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Warwick,was presented to the

House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers and Retail Traders of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade, and the Petitioners conceive a Repeal of any of the Regulations, imposed on Persons of that Description, would be very injurious to the Petitioners, and in general highly detrimental'to the Shopkeepers resident in the Market Towns of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners are Owners or Occupiers of Shops and Houses of very considerable Annual Value, which have been fitted up at a great Expence, and, in respect of such Shops and Houses, they pay Taxes to Government, and local AiTelTments to a large Amount, and are also under the Necessity of keeping large and regular Aflortments of each respective Article of the Goods in which they deal, a Necessity itinerant Traders are wholly free from; and that, as there are now in all Market Towns in this Kingdom stationary Shopkeepers, who keep by them for Sale Aflortments of such Articles of Goods as are useful or necessary for Persons who reside in or resort to such Towns, itinerant Traders, the far greater Part of whom have no settled Place of Residence, or occupy Houses of very small Value, can afford no Advantage to the Public by being permitted to fell their Goods in or near Market Towns j and that, since the passing of the said Act, some of the Provisions and Regulations therein contained have been much evaded by Persons who are or pretend to be licensed itinerant Traders, and by others declaring themselves to be Manufacturers of Part of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to grant them such Relief in the Premises, by making further Provision that the Restrictions and Regulations of the said Act may be duly enforced, or otherwise, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Freemen of the Corporation of Cutlers in Hallamshire, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being informed that the African Slave Trade is shortly expected to become a Subject of Consideration, and the Cutlery' Wares, made by them, being sent in considerable Quantities to the Coast of Africa, and disposed of in Part as the Price of Slaves, the Petitioners may be supposed to be prejudiced in their Interests if the said Trade in Slaves should be abolished: But the Petitioners having always understood that the Natives of Africa have the greatest Aversion to Foreign Slavery, and defend themselves to the utmost of their Power again!! being sent away from their native Country, and frequently perish in Numbers in their Attempts to escape, the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, That the Obligations they are under to consider the same of the Natives of Africa as their own is so much greater than any Inducements of Interest they can have in a Trade so much the Aversion and Dread of the People who are carried away by it, that the Petitioners think themselves called upon to request, that, as far as their Interest may be deemed a Part of the National Policy of continuing the said Trade, the same may be laid out of the Question, unless it Should appear to the House that any other Trade may

Petition from Hull against the Hawkcit and Pedlar*

Petition from the Freemen oi HalJamOiire respecting the Slave Trade.

Accounts, &c. respecting the Free Negroes Cent to Africa, ordered.

Accounts

presented.

Produce of Incidents.

Produce of Land Tax.

Arrears of

Do.

Account of Produce of Revenue arising by Hackney Coaches and Chairs presented.

Urchfont and Beech ingstoke Inclosure Bill paised.

2 70 Aprilis.

297

be opened to Africa than that which brings away the People of the Country (as the Returns of our Exports) as much against their Inclinations as it appears to the Petitioners it would be against their own to be carried away in the same Manner.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money granted for the Maintenance, Cloathing, and carrying the Free Negroes from hence to Africa.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Negroes collected, and of those who actually embarked.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Plan of the Establishment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Returns from thence of the Numbers now remaining on that Establishment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of their Conduit there, whether peaceable or riotous.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in and, at the Bar, presented'to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the therein mentioned Duties (placed to the Head of In-' cidents) dist the Sums paid out of the Gross Produce for the Year 1786, being the latest Period to which the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Land Tax in Great Britaint for the Year 1786: And also.

An Account of all Arrears of Land Tax that have incurred within the last Ten Years, in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel Payment thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Chejfall, from the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, attended at the Doorj he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Revenue arising by Hackney Coaches and Chairs, from 5th January 1788 to 5th January 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of and Beechingjloke, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Urchfont and Beechingjloke, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Addington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Vol. XLIV.

An ingrossed Bill for removing certain Difficulties smelting Lead respecting the Qualification of the Proprietors of Shares in the Company for smelting down Lead With 1 *

Pit Coal and Sea Coal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title: be. An Act for removing certain Difficulties respecting the Qualification of the Proprietors of Shares in the Company for smelting down Lead with Pit Coal and Sea Coal.

Ordered, That Mr, Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °*Suppl)'* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

A Motion was made. That the Report which was Report MiKt*. made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1789* be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provisiort > for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1789, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British Mo. British Museum, be referred to the said Committee. scum Petiri.n

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " State of the: referred!00"1 " Accounts of the British Museum," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to re* ceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

- Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of several Gentlemen of the Counties of Petition fa* Derby and Chester, whose Names are thereunto sub- pdr^"al,# fcribedjwas presented to the House, and read , Taking Congieton Notice of the Bill for amending, widening, and keep- , Road B,u* ing in Repair, the Road leading from Congieton to Colley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green, in the Parish of Prejlbury, in the County of Chester, and for setting out and making a new Road from Smithey Green aforesaid, to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatchmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby and

Setting forth. That there are certain Copper and'

Brass Mills, called The Havannah Mills, situate within Half a Mile of the said Road, employed in manufac* turing Copper Sheathing and Bolts for the Navy, and many othver Articles, and that it will be of great Uti- # lity to the Proprietors of the said Mills, and also of public Utility, to have a Branch made from the said Road to the said Mills: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for setting our, making, and keeping in Repair, a new Branch of Road, at or near The Lowe, to the said Mills, in such

4 G Manner,

Dntiet payable by Hawker* end Pedlar* to be confideied.

Mr.Hastings*s

Petition.

298 2 70 — 28° . 1789.

Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Lord Pen-

rbyn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable by Hawkers and Pedlars.

A Petition of Warren H Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner was impeached by this House, before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, on a Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, contained in certain Articles exhibited according to the just and proper Usage of Parliament, and was required by the Lords to give in his Answer to the fame, a competent Time being allowed him to prepare,it, and which Answer he delivered accordingly; and that the Managers appointed by the House to carry on the Prosecution, not confining themselves to the Articles of Charge, which were especially exhibited against the Petitioner, and to which he was required to deliver his Answer, and had so answered as aforesaid, did, in the last Year, introduce certain Allegations in the Course of their Proceedings, which not only were not? contained in, nor bore any immediate Relation to, the said Articles of Charge, but were wholly extraneous and foreign from them, although they were of such a Nature, as, if true, would have rendered the Petitioner infinitely more criminal than any Thing contained in those which had been formerly exhibited against him; and that the Allegations to which the Petitioner more particularly alludes, were as follows — that he was concerned as an Accomplice in a Plot, alledged to have been formed for the Purpose of affaffmating the Shahzada, or Prince of Hindostan — that he was concerned as an Accomplice in procuring the Death of the Son of the Nabob Jajjier Ally Cawn — and, that he was the Author and Instigator of various Acts of Oppression and savage Cruelty alledged to have been committed by a Man named Deby Sing, under the Appointment of the Petitioner; and that the Trial, after an Adjournment of upwards of Ten Months, was re-commenced on the 21st Instant, and the Article intituled " Presents" opened by the Right honourable Edmund , in the Name of the Commons of Great , and the said

Right honourable Manager, in like Manner as in the preceding Year, introducing many Allegations, foreign from the express Charge, did, in direct Terms, charge the Petitioner with the horrid Crime of Murder, using the following Words 5 " He " (meaning the Petitioner) murdered that Man " (alluding to Nundcomar) " by the Hands of Sir Elijah Impey That the said Right honourable Manager, and the other Members appointed by the House with him, to be joint Managers of the Prosecution, have, at various Times declared, that they spoke by Instructions from this House, whose Representatives they were, and that they Should alledge nothing which they were not # prepared, and willing, to prove: That it would not become the Petitioner to suppose that such Allegations, so made in the Name, and by the Representatives of this House, were not made by the Command of the House, although no Charge containing them has been yet preferred against him: The Petitioner therefore, declaring that the above-recited Accusations arc all un-

true, and utterly unfounded, most humbly appeals to the Justice of the House, and prays, That such of them as properly fall within the immediate Cognizance of the House may be brought forward, and prosecuted in specific Articles, and that, in respect of the rest of them, such other Mode of Prosecution may be directed, or Means adopted by the House, as may enable the Petitioner to make the Refutation of these several Matters of grievous Crimination as public as the Charges themselves have been, or that the House will afford him such other Redress in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 28° Aprilis;

Anno 29* Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

MR. Moyjey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Bin Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Bath, in Common Council assembled* were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. ‘Thomas Baldwin being examined, said. That several of the Streets, Lanes, Courts, and public Passages (some of which lead to the Pump Rooms and Baths) are very narrow and incommodious, and in many Parts dangerous to the Inhabitants, and all Persons resorting to the said City, and that if proper Powers were given to widen, enlarge, and render more commodious for Passengers and Carriages, the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, and other public Passages, and also to design, make, open, and lay out certain other new Streets and Passages to render the Pump Rooms and Baths of easier Access, and to form more commodious Communications between different Parts of the said City, it would not only be very beneficial and advantageous to the Inhabitants thereof, but to the Public in general. Then,

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Baldwin being further examined, said. That the Concourse of Persons resorting to the said City on Account of the hot Medicinal Waters there, hath of late Years considerably increased, and is now so great, that the Pump Rooms, and other Buildings and Conveniences, which have from Time to Time been provided, are not large enough properly to contain and accommodate the Persons resorting thereto — That it would be' conducive to the Re-establishment of the Health of the Persons resorting to the said Waters, and an Accommodation to all

Persons

Way* and Means deferred.

Bath Streets, See, Petitions reported.

a9 Geo. III. 28° Aprilis.' 299

Persons residing in, or frequenting the said City, King the Second, for draining and preferring

if Powers were to be given for enlarging, improving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Ilte of or re-building the present Pump Rooms, and other Ely and County of Cambridge, between the , other-Buildings and Conveniences belonging to the said wife Grant, Ouse, and Rivers, and bounded

Springs and Baths — That the said public Baths, and on the South East by the Hard Lands of;

the Springs supplying the fame, are liable to be in- , Sobam, and and for empowering the

jured or wafted, and the Waters thereof to be di- Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty Of the Company verted, by Reason of their being closely surrounded of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, by Houses and Buildings belonging to Individuals called Bedford Level', to (ell certain Lands within the not particularly interested in the Preservation of such said Limits, commonly called Invejled Lands, and for Springs and Baths, and the same are liable to further laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated Upon the Injury by evil-disposed Persons throwing Things into said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof,’

the fame, and committing divers Misdemeanors in respect thereto. — And being further examined, he said* That he conceives it to be of the highest Importance to the said City, and to the Public in general, that

the said Medicinal Springs and Baths Should be guarded and protected as completely as may be from being injured, wafted, or diverted, and that it is expedient that suficient Powers Should be given for those Purposes, and also for punishing Persons spoiling or damaging the fame, or committing any Misdeameanour in respect thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from Injury by Encroachments and Annoyances, for enlarging or re-building the present Pump Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious: And that Mr. Moyfey and the Lord Baybam do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Grodby in- Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to cloture Bill whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ,tport ' the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Grooby, in the Parish of Ratby and County of Leicester, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feyerally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition from A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Market Har- and others, resident in and near the Town of Market Favour oftke Harborough, in the County of Leicester, whose Names Soar, &c. are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, ar>d read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, for making a Navigable Communication between the Towns of Loughborough, Leicester, and Melton Mowbray: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Fly Drainage Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report

Bill reported. from the Committee to whom the Bill to amend and render effectual an Act of the Thirty-first Year of

Was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once" read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom st. Chad s. the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Pa-rishoners, and Owners of Freehold Estates, in the Parish of Saint Chad, in the Town and Liberties of

Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; hnd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: iWherc the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Steuart being examined, said, That the Church of the said Parish of Saint Chad did, in July last, suddenly fall down, and the fame, together wits^ the Organ, Bells, Pews, and other Furniture, were entirely destroyed, whereby the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants, are deprived of a proper Place to assemble in to hear Divine Service — That the Scite whereon the said Church flood is too small and inconvenient, and the Foundation thereof, as well as the Church Yard, is improper for the Purpose of erecting a new Church; and therefore i; will be necessary to purchase a House and Premisses, and also Part of a Piece of Land called The Quarry, situate within the said Parish, in order to build a new Church, and for providing a Church Yard or Cemetery adjoining, for the Use of the said Parish, the Expences of which are proposed to be defrayed by a Rate upon the Inhabitants

And the Witness added. That it is intended to enlarge the old Burial Ground, by purchasing several Houses and Premisses adjoining thereto, as soon as a Sum of Money sufficient for that Purpose shall have been raised by Subscription.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial* Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery: And that Mr. Hill and Mt,

Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers in the Bo- Petition from rough of Penryn, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the House having thought Hawker* and 2 it, *«"«»

CocWburn-spath Bridge Petition reported.

oo 28 0 Aprili1780;

it just and necessary to pass an Act for preventing Hawkers and Pedlars carrying on or exercising their Trade within certain Distances of Market Towns, to the Prejudice of the resident Tradesman, who is ne-celTarily burthened with many Taxes, which cannot poiTibly fall on such itinerant Traders, therefore praying. That the restraining Clauses against the Hawkers and Pedlars may not be repealed, as such a Measure mult inevitably be attended with great Injury to every fair resident Tradesman, who chearfully contributes his Quota towards the Exigencies of the State.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

Mr. Home reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of certain of the Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the Twenry-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Berwick upon Tweed to Dunglas Bridge, and of other Persons whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the faiu Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read) and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that certain Tolls t^ere granted for repairing the said Roads, and building a Bridge over the Pecs or Pass of Jpath: And,

John Fordyce, Esquire, being examined, said. That

great Progress has been made in building the said Bridge, but the same cannot be completed without further Aid. — That the Road in the said Act mentioned is Part of the Great Post Road on the Ealt Side of Scotland, along the Sea Coast, and is the principal Line of Communication between London and Edinburgh, and in great Falls of Snow is the only payable Road for Carriages, Troops, and other Passengers. — That the building the said Bridge over that difficult and dangerous Pass, is a great Undertaking, attended with much Labour and Expence, which has been defrayed by private Subscriptions and public Aida formerly granted} but, notwithstanding such Subscriptions and Aids have been regularly applied, they have been found inadequate to the completing the fame.

Then Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, were read; whereby it appeared, that His Majesty was empowered to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors the forfeited Estates in Scotland, upon their paying certain Sums into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be applied in such Manner as is therein mentioned, and that the Balance thereof should remain for the Disposition of Parliament: And,

Mr. Fordyce being further examined, said, That he believes the Sums directed by the said Acts to be paid into the Exchequer have been paid accordingly, and all the Applications thereof have been made pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts) and a Balance of the said Money unapplied still remains under the Care of the said Court of Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament. — That the completing and fimlh-ing 'the said Bridge and Communications are Works so beneficial, and of such National Importance, that the Witness apprehends Part of the said Balance cannot be more properly applied than for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Bill for the preventing vexatious Removals, and for supplying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the Poor of this Kingdom, be read a Second Time'upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Nantes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir James Tylney Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, paying to the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor in the Parish of in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Crowdy being examined, said. That the I’arish of Highworth is very large and populous, and the Poor thereof have of late Years become exceedingly numerous and burthensome — That if a Workhouse was to be provided for the said Parish, wherein the Poor might be kept, and properly employed, and sufficient Powers granted for that Purpose, it would be the Means of rendering them less burthensome, and they might also be better maintained and provided for.

And the Witness added. That One Cause of the present Evils arises from the Want of a proper Person to be appointed as an additional Overseer, for the sole Purpose of taking the Care and Management of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Highworth, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish: And that Sir James Tylney Long and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to authorize, for a limited Time, in same of Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize, in same of Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador.

Ordered, That Mr. Roje do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Saturday last, for reading a Second Time, upon day Morning next, the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near Green,

in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, in

the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill,in the County of Derby, and the other

from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park,

in

Day appointed

for Second Reading of Poor Removal Bill.

Nantes Nat. Bill read.

Highworth Poor Petition reported.

Bill to authorize the I mpor* tation of Provisions into Quebec, &C« passed.

Cromford Cara! Bill deferred.

Accounts

prcicnttcl.

Foreign Good* entered for Exportation to ilie Sugar Culouies.

Coflf c, Cocoa, *&c. imported from the Sugar Colonies.

Ships entered

and cleared in the Sugar Colonies*

British Goods entered for Exportation for the Sugar Colonies.

Ships cleared Outwards, and entered In-, wards, to and from the Sugar I (lands.

Ships entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the Sugar Colonies,

Account of DispoGtion ef Grants ordered.

Account of Sums necessary for Payment of Orders for Relief to American and Bad Flprida Sufferers* ordered.

29 Geo. III. 28°

301

' in Two Branches, into the Parish of ,in the County of Nottingham, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order bedischarged. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 7th Day of May

next.

The House being informed that Mr. In-

speftor General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, -at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value and Amount of Goods (being Foreign Produce and Manufacture) entered for Exportation to the British Sugar Colonies, from the several Ports in Great Britain, from Christmas 1787 to Christmas ,1788; distinguishing such Goods as have been imported by the East India Company: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee, Cocoa, Pimento, and other Goods (Rum and Sugar excepted) as have been imported into the several Ports of Great Britain from the British Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1787 to Christmas 1788; distinguishing such as are of the Produce and Manufacture of the said Colonies, and of Foreign Countries, with the Duties of Customs on each Article: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, and Number of Men, which have entered and cleared in the British Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1787 to Christmas 1788: And

also.

An Account of the Value and Amount of Goods (being British Produce and Manufacture) entered for Exportation, in the several Ports of Great , for the British Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1787 to Christmas 1788, inclusive: And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships and other Vessels, cleared Outwards, and entered Inwards, at the several Ports of England, to and from the British Sugar Islands, with their respective Tonnage, from Christmas 1787 to Christmas 1788, , inclusive: And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the British Sugar Colonies, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1788 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act of last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to such " Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Difiencions in tr rica, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence " of the Cession'of the Province of East Florida to the " King of Spain,'’ for Sums less than 50, together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of ior. Vol. XLIV.

per Centum per Annum, that will become due for Three Quarters of a Year, on the 5th of April 1789, when the same are to be paid off and annihilated:

And also, the Amount of the several Orders made forth for the Sum of £ 50, or the Multiples of £. 50, ’ with Interest thereupon, after the Rate of 3. 10 J. per Centum per Annum, due and payable for Three,

Quarters of a Year, on the said 5th Day of April 1789,

together with the Sum of ^.6. $s. per Centum, of the

Principal Sum contained in such Orders of J. 50, or upwards: And likewise the Amount of the Money

that will be necessary to pay Half a Year’s Interest,

after the Rate of £. 3. 10s. per Centum per

which will become due on the 10th of 1789,

on the Sum remaining unsatisfied on the Principal Sum of such Orders, together with £.6. 5 j. per Centum, in

further Reduction of the Principal Sum contained in

each respective Order.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the juport Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Provision for That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, Mueu®‘ be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament.

The said Resolutions'being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable by Hawkers and ties.

Pedlars, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

’ Mr. Hawkins Browne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received 'Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, of the Wanstead Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for re- SJjjy11 2,11 building the Church of the Parish of Saint Wan±

Jlede, alias JVanJlead, in the County of Essex, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending an Act, of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for re-building the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary, alias IVanJlead, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Sir James Jylney Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being readj The House resumed the adjourned Debate, on the Motion, made upon the 8th Day of this Instant That the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for

4. H the

Debate on Motion for committing the Westminster Society Bill resumed.

BiH committed*

Buck wort Vs N*me Bill reported, most passed*

Highland Society Petition i (ported*

i86 — icf jiprili$> ^.1789*

the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named ‘The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships, be committed;

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the nth Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.


Mercuriiy 29* die;

Anno 29* Georgii III*" Regis, 1789. Prayers.

SIR Henry Hogbton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles John

worth, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Shaker ley y pursuant to the Will of Peter Shakerley, Esquire, deceased, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hogbton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Highland Society of Edinburgh was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the famej as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as follow-.eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Seton produced to your Committee the Charter,

whereby the Petitioners were incorporated, for the Purposes of enquiring into the State of the Highlands and I (lands of Scotland, and for promoting Improvements, by establishing Towns and Villages, making Roads, building Bridges, advancing Agriculture, extending Fisheries, and introducing useful Trades and Manufactures in that Part of the Kingdom; and he also produced to Your Committee a List of the Premiums offered by the Society, for promoting the above Purposes.

Then an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read; whereby it appeared, that His Majesty was empowered to grant to the Heirs of the former Propiietors the forfeited Estates in Scotland, upon their paying certain Sums into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be applied in such Manner as is therein mentioned, and that the Balance thereof should remain for the Disposition of Parliament.

Mr. Seton being examined, said. That he believes

the Sums directed by the said Act to be paid into the Exchequer have been paid accordingly, and all the Applications thereof have been made pursuant to

the Directions of the said Act 5 and that a Balance o^ the said Money unapplied still remains under the Care of the said Court of Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

A Member present then informed your Committee* That the Society, in Terms of their Institution, have advanced considerable Sums of Money for the above useful Purposes, and particularly towards extending the Fisheries; but that they find themselves unable to carry this beneficial and extensive Plan effectually into Execution, by the voluntary Contribution of their Members, which is their only Support.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Skene reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through the County of Renfrew, and the Bridge cross the River Inchinnan, for regulating the Statute Labour of the said County, and for railing an additional Assessment for building Bridges, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Town of Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, was referred» That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr Aldridgereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Placet and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wheres the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dunccmbereported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the East and West Ridings of the County of and the Town of Kingston upon was referred j

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had been complied with; and that -the Committee had 1 examined

Renfrew Roads Bill reported*

Bill for lower* ing the Tonnage Duties at New Shoreham Harbour reported*

Selby Bridgo Petition reported*

Petition for additional Provision to Congieton Pond BUI xcpomd.

examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table*. "Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Eadon, being examined, said. That there is

no Communication, except by Ferries, over the River Ouse, between the Ridings and Districts bounded by the said River, from the City of York to the River Humbert which are upwards of Forty Miles distant from each other by Water, and near Thirty by Land — That the Ferry over the at Selby, is nearly Central between the City of York and the Humber, is much frequented by Passengers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, and the only Way for the Inhabitants of the adjacent Towns to pass to and from their Market- — That the Passage over the said Ferry is at all Times attended with Delay, in some Seasons dangerous, and at others impassable; and that if a Bridge was erected over the River Ouse, at or near the said Ferry, the same would be of great public Utility, and of elfcntial Service to the East and West Ridings of the County of York, and also to the Town of upon Hull.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Pprish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York: And that Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, and the Lord Downe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilbraham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen of the Counties of Derby and Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that so much of the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, as requires Notices to be given of the intended Application to Parliament, had not been complied with, the Parties not having it in Contemplation to make the Road mentioned in the Petition until it was too late to give the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; and that the said Road is only a Third Part of a Mile in Length, or there-

abouts; and that the Committee had directed him td> report the fame, together with the Matter of the said Petition, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; v.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Bryan Grey being examined, said, That there art certain Copper and Brass Mills, called The Mills, situate within Half a Mile of the intended Congieton Road, and that it will be of great Utility to the Proprietors of the said Mills, and to the Public, to have a Branch made from the said Road to the said Mills.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Congieton to Colley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green, in the Parish of Preftbury, in the County of Chester, and for setting out and making a new Road from Smithy Green aforesaid, to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at Tha Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for setting out and making a new Road, from the said first mentioned Road, at or near The Lowe, to the Havannab Mills.

Mr. Hopkins (from the Commissioners for executing of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) ex^o7n»"x< presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Com- pres«u*d* mand, \

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1789: And also, <

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1789.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy* is preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth j viz.

ABSTRACT

3°4

2 p° Ap

A. 1789.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1789.

N’

1.

2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7-.

8.

9‘

10.

11.

12. 13-14.

*5-

16.

»7-

18.

Yards — <

29,949

10,432

4,200

3»585

4.057

6,126

2.434

4,946

14

6

5

18

16

10

8

7

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, l£ Commissioners of the Navy, with /

their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating { thereto ——

Superannuated Sea Officers — —

Pensions and other Allowances — —

Chatham — — —

Deptford — — —

fVoolwich — — —

Pertj mouth — — — r

Sheerness — — —

Plymouth — — —

Mutter Matter, and other Officers of the Out Ports —

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary — —

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein —

Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, &c". — — —

Half Pay to Sea Officers — — —

Bounty to Chaplains - —

Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment — — —

Ordinary Charge for Sick and Hurt Seamen — — —

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1789 — £.

rfs, |

£ J.

56,003 14 1

40,382 1 8

25.351 5 4

4,508 6 11

77,507 11 9

33.598 5 —

59,480 ——

204>910 ——

175.000 — — I.231 l7 6 29,649 LI 5 6,150 7 —

713.773 2 6

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1789, amounts to Seven hundred and Thirteen thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Cha' Middleton. Geo. Rogers.

7- Uenjlo IV. Palmer.

Geo. Marsh. lVm Campbell. E. Le Cras.

NAVY

g

eg'

I-h

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

NAVY OFFICE, 43d March 1789.

<JAn ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and £ other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1789.

X

r

Place where.

Deptford — —

IVoclwich — —

Chatham — —

Guns.

Ships Names.

98 IVindJor Cajilc — —

74 Brunswick — —

— Mars — —

Sloop Hound — —

\3 2 Thames — —

28 Nemcfis — ' —

Stores'1. Dromedary — —

38 Thetis — - —

23 Brilliant — —

— Alligator — —

98 Boyne — —

74 Minotaur — —

Centaur — —

Sloop Martin — —

38 Latcna — —

32 Ceres — —

*4' JUf.O Ampbitrite — —

20 Sphinx — —

Sloop Kattl.r —

110 Lille de Paris — —

100 Queen Charlotte — —

Sloop Rattlesnake — —

74 Marlborough — — O

Conqueror

Building, or Nature of their Repair.

Building —

Building —

Ordered to be built Building —

Large Repair —

Large Repair —

Large Repair — Middling Repair — — Small Repair

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand In I land In Hand OAober 1789 September 1789

Building — Building —

Ordered to be built Ordered to be built f Between Middling { Large Repair C Between Middling I Large Repair For completing her f Between Middling I Large Repair C Between Middling I Large Repair Small Repair

In Hand In Hand

and |

and |

Rigging and Stores and |

In Hand June 1789

and

Ordered to be'built

Building

Ordered to be built C Between Middling and \ Large Repair Large Repair -

nd J

June 1789

In Hand In Hand

In Hand

In Hand July 1789

Completed.

For completing her Rigging and Stores —

Uncertain — Match 179c ! Uncertain — Uncertain — 'Septetnber 1789 [September 1789 Ljune 1789 -Uncertain — [July 1790


Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

Uncertain

June 1789 January 1790

March 1790 — -

June 1789 March 1789

Uncertain dugujl 1789 Uncertain

May 1789

August 1790

Charge of their

dulls, Mads, and Yards. R‘gg‘ing Stores.

0 L-

8,000 —

11,000 1,270

5,100 — -

1,120 2,080

4,410 —

2,880 650

4,830 —

I,fcOO 2,880

1,700 3,000

— 650

14,190 8,260

3,630 —

940 —

1,340

7,200 2,120

5,500 —

— 690

2,340 —

4,950 550

2,130 600

4,100 —

22,700 6,560

2,000 —

8,260 —

4,900 750

L-

8,000 12,270 5,100 3,200 4,410 3^530 4,8 :o 4,480

4»7°°

650

22,450

3,630

940

1.340

9,320

5.500 690

2.340

5.500 2,730

4,100

29,260

2,000

8,260

5,650

>0

VO

o

w

o

Total.

VO

o

A

X

t»

o

U\

Sheerne/s

Portsmutb

Plymouth

74 Irrefijlille — — Small Repair — 17

Invincible — — Large Repair — I

— Monarch — — Large Repair — I

64 Dictator — — Small Repair — 1

50 AJHJlance — — Small Repair "* J

Sloop Fly — — Small Repair — I

5° Leopard — Building — — I

Adamant — — Large Repair — I

36 L'Aigle — — Middling Repair

32 Cleopatra — — C Between Middling £ Great Repair and!'

Sloop Shark — — f Between Small and Mid- 7 . 1 dling Repair — 3

— Childers — — Middling Repair — 1

98 Prince of Wales _ Building — — 1

Dreadnought — — Building — — 1

Sloop Fury — Building — _ ]

100 Britannia — — f Between Middling 1 Great Repair and j

— Vinery — — Great Repair _ 1

98 i^ueen — — Great Repair

74 Courageux - — C Between Middling I Great Repair and 1

— ‘Triumph — — Middling Repair

64 Ardent St. Albans mmm — Middling Repair — C Between Small and Mid- 7

£ dling Repair -I

— Repulje — — . Small Repair —

Cutter Liberty A J — — Middling Repair — f Between.Small and Mid- 7

Advice I dling Repair -5

80 Cefar — — Building — _

— Foudroyant — — Ordered to be built —

Sloop Serpent — y — Building — —

80 Gibraltar — — C Between Middling I Great Repair and |

74 Egmont — — Great Repair —

— Powerful — — Small Repair —

64 Diadem — Small Repair — -

3* Siren — — Very Small Repair —

Cutter Resolution — — Small Repair —

In Hand

In Hand

May 1789

July 1789 March 1789

March 1789

In Hand March 1789 In Hand

In Hand

In Hand In Hand June 1789 March 1789 May 1789

May 1789 — 5,290

March 1790 — 14,600

November 1789 — i7»I2°

May 1789 — 4.470

September 1789 —; 6,600

March 1789 — 530

November 1789 — 9,840

March 1789 — 3>76o

December 1789 — 6,920

Uncertain — 1,560

June 1789 — 2,360

April 1789 — 1,130

Uncertain — 6,000

Uncertain — 5,000

Uncertain — 2,030

July 1789 — 25,480

April 1789 — 13,340

Uncertain — 1 i,6oo

May 1789 — 8,610

January 17 90 — 1 i7>5°°

May 1789 — 6,920

September 1789 — 16,260

October 1789 — 7,53o

April 1789 — 1,030

April 1789 — 690

Uncertain — 7,000

Uncertain — 1,000

Unceitain — 1,620

December 1789 — 17,270

December 1789 — 18,790

March 1789 — 4,5 20

September 1789 — 6,750

May 1789 — 3, *4 0

July 1789 — 890

570

1,820 16,420 17,120

— 4,47o

a,73° 9.330

510 1,040

3>49° 13.330

730 ' 4,49°

5° 6,970

40 1,600

2,000 4»36o

— 1,130

__ 6,000

—— 5,000

1,800 3.830

— 0 'O 25,480 0

— I3>34° K.

2,570 14,170

8,610

2,090 19,590 w

— 6,920

2,020 18,280

— 7,530

49° i>52°

560 1,250

_ 7,000

— 1,000

— 1,620

— 17,270 k

— 18,790

1,290 5,810 M

— 6,75°

— 3»HO 00

9OO 1,790 \o

— Mutine — — Middling Repair — 1789 May 1789 — 1,140 9co *

90 Ocean — — For completing her Masts and Yards — — 39° "

74 Valiant — — For completing her Masts and Yards — — — 260 —

Swiftjure — — For completing her Masts and Yards _ - — - 480 —

64 Argonaut — — For completing her Masts and Yards — _ _ 560 —

— Belliqueux — . — For completing her Masts and Yards — — - — 240 ' - - *"

— Magnanimt — — For completing her Masts and Yards mmmmm — 200

44 Severn — — - For completing her Masts and Yards — - — ~ - 100 -- *

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards — — . - — 385»34° 54,620 _

2,040 390 26 o 480 5.60 240 200 IOO

439,960

MERCHANT’S YARD.

Bucklerjhard — — [ 74 [Hl — — [ Building — — Jin Hand — 1789- — 9,580 — 9,580

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards, brought forward — — 385>34° 54,620 439,960

Grand Total for the Ships — — 394>92° 54,620 1 449-54°

Woolwich

Chatham

Tortsmouth

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

On Works of the Yards. T

Towards carrying on about 50 Feet on the West, and 50 Feet on the North Side of the Inner Mast Pond, the Wing Wharfs, Drains, *, Apron, and Gates between the Mast Ponds, and as much of the South Side of the Outer Mast Pond as Circumstances will admit* and about 100 Feet of the Wharf next the River — ~ ' — — — «.

1-2,000’

To building a New Top House with a Slip-To building a New Treenail. House —

Tb laying the Floor of the New Laying House Towards building the New Rope House

To r oo Feet running of Stone Wharf at the North Side of the Mast Pond — — -

To 100 Feet running of Stone Wharf, to the Pier of the New Dock proposed — — r

To making a Dam to extend from the Wharf between the Landing Hulk to the North Side of the South Dock Towards taking down and re-building the North Side of the Reservoir — — —

To building Two Storehouses (to form the Square) at the South End of the Officers Lodgings —

To building the Boat Storehouses — — — ' — . — —

To building the Tron Storehouses — — — — . —

To building and fitting a. Storehouse at the East End of the Officer* Offices — . — - —

2,150

2,480

1.400-15,000-

5.400-3,000. 3.S-00

10,000

9,700

600

600

4,510

29 Geo. III. 29° Ap 307

Plymouth

Lambeth

l

Red

Pertsmouth

Plymouth South Down

o

o

To blowing and levelling the Rock of IVbitt IJoufe HiUand Mad Pond - _ _ —

To completing the New Dock ——

To completing the Dam and Gates of the New Dock - — . __

To joining ana carrying on the Wharfs on each Side of the New Dock that front the Harbour

To digging the Rock and Rubble round the Head of the New Dock, and North Part of the Yard — —

To building Working Sheds each Side of the New Dock — — — — __ —

To making good the Timber Work of the present North Jetty Head — — — ~ __ _

To repairing the Timber Work, and carrying on the Wharf Wall of the South Middle Jetty Head — — — __

Towards building the North East New Rigging House, and fixing Bollards and Strapping Stocks for Block? therein — - —

To digging away the Rock behind the New Rigging House - — —

Towards laying the Slip at the East End of the Mast Houses with Purbeck Pitchers — — — — ___

Towards building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock at the East End of the Plank Houses that stand over the Mast Locks to form the Road in Front of the said Houses — — . — — — — _ _

Towards building New Team Stables - — _ _

Towards carrying on the New Joiners and House Carpenters Shops ——

To ftuccoing Part of the Fronts of the Marine Barracks at Stonehousewith Composition Mortar ——

To completing the Reservoirs at the Marine Barracks — — — . ——

To complete the Barge House for the Barges belonging to the Admiralty and Navy Offices, with Apartments over Part of them for the Barge Mailers, and a Slip to extend down to Low Water Mark - —

On Improvements in the Victualling Premisses j viz’.

To building a Fence Wall, and making 7,000 Yards of Ground to fill up the Old Mill Stream — — __

To building a House for the Clerk of the Brewhouse - — __

To building a House for the Porter, including a Lodge and Store - — __

Towards building a New Brewhouse, and making a Fire Engine and Liquor Back, which are Appendages to it — — __

To repairing, enlarging, and better securing the Old Storehouse, facing the Harbour adjoining the New Storehouse near the Quay

To crecting a rolling Stage ——

To building an Office for the Clerk of the Cheque’s Clerk, a Porter’s Lodge, and Tap House ——

To making a New Well ——

0 4

To building a New Bakehouse ——

To taking down the Old Seasoning House, and building another on a larger Scale ——

Total —

Grand Total for the Ships brought forward —

820

4.30°

1,560

10,500

1.000 550

1,210

3»°3°

5,360

1,230

2,200

950

2,090

1.000 220 630

700

UO

o

00

1,800

700

650

5,000

3,200

2,500

240

M50

2,150

250

126,030 449>54o

575,570

Grand Total

6%Li -yr -itjudfr 06t

Vol. XLIV. 4 K Qrierdt

VO

A BS TRA CT.

f Hulls — — 385,340")

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards — — — i I 439,960

Rigging and Stores — 54,6203

r Hull — — 5,580")

For a Ship in Merchant’s Yard — — V C 9,580

’ . ' Rigging and Stores — — J

Towards the Improvements in the Yards, Victualling Premisses, &c. - 126,030

- Grand Total — 575,570

Vi9\

The Sum of Five hundred and Seventy-five thousand Five hundred and Seventy Pounds.

Cha' Middleton.J.HenJlom. Gto.Marsh. Geo. Rogers*

W. Palmer. fVm Campbell.E. Le

o

NO

Geo. III.

Lor J s Amendments to Bill to suspend County Elections Act, agreed to.

Petition from Hull in favour of the Soar, See. Navigation Bill.

H.irton Road Bill committed.

\Vi,pylt Em* banking and Inclosure Bill conmitted.

i io 29* A 1789.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better secur- ing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at " County Elections," and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1.1. 19. Leave out from <c the" to " unless," in 1. 11, and insert, lt Fifth Day of " Aprilwhich shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety; and that " every Act, Matter, or Thing, " directed by the said Act to be c* done or performed, or to commence on any Day, or any " Month, in any Year, shall re-c spectively be done or performed, " or commence, on the like Day " of the same Month, on the Year " next following."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords 5 and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Traders, and Ship Owners of the Town and Port of upon

Hull,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making the River Soar navigable, from its Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrenton, in the County of Leicester, to or near Lady’s , in the Parish of

Saint Margaret, or to or near Bridge, in the Pafilh of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making the River Ik'reak navigable, from its Junction with the River in or near the Lordship of to the River

Eye, and for making such last mentioned River navigable to MillCloje llomejlead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the said County: And praying; That, the said Bill may pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie- upon the Table.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Ilobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for embanking the Common Salt Marsh, within the Township of Walpole,in the County of Aojcik, and for dividing and inclosing the fame, and several other Commons within the said Township, was rend a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. waring, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William,

Esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aldridge, Sir William Dolben, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill From the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir John Philipps, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to

be fold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the Estates so to be veiled in Trustees to be sold, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aldridge, Sir William Dolben, S.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hawkins Browne, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to comfidet of the Duties now payable by Hawkers and Pedlars, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now charged upon, and payable by. Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu and instead of the; said Duties, a Duty of Four Pounds pen Annum be charged upon every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and every other trading Person or Persons going from Town to Town, or other Men’s Houses, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horse, Horses, or otherwise, in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or exposing to Salt?, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Pounds per Annum be charged upon ever^Person, so travelling, for each Horse, Afs, or Mule, or other B.east bearing, or drawing. Burthen, hear Ihe shal^. so travel with, over and above the said first-mentioned Duty.

The said.Resoluttons being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it .-be an instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and; amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty " Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

they

Hal left's E (late Bill committed.

Philippa's Estate Bill committed.

Report Hawkers and Pedlars Duties.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Committee on Callicoe Printers Bill.

Committee on Report of CockbumCpath Bridge Petition.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Accoonfoi Produce of Fine* and Forfeitures in Scotland presented.

they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways' and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of de- signing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, " and Muslins, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a " limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, /That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please tp receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of certain of the Trustees, appointed by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Berwick upon Tweed to Dunglas Bridge, and of other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, be now read.

Arid the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Dempster accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for applying the Sum of £. 1,000, out of the unexhaufijed Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards completing and finifiiing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburn/path, in the county of.

And Mr. Dempster moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for applying the Sum of £.1,000, out of the unex-haufted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburn-Jpath, in the County of Berwick: And that Mr. Dempster and Mr. Home do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in \ and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Aprilis. 311

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Fines and Forfeitures, and what Part thereof was paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Year 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferre(l-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30* die Aprilis;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

MR. Gilbert,according to Order, reported from Report Ways

the Committee of the whole House, to whom an" Mean* it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as folio we th j 'viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pay and That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the of

Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, "tia* for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. , and Mr. Steele,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.m

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry to the Lords Mr. Gilbert the ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to authorize, LordT^Bin in same of Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, to authorize Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, into vision* into the Province of Quebec,.and all the Countries border- Quebec, &cl ing on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador , and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Jt^nd Soto consider of the Report which was made from the ciety Petition, Committee, to whom the Petition of the Highland Society of Edinburgh was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

3 Mr.

V

reported.

Bill oidertd.

Day appointed for coniulcring Mr. lUftirgs'i Petition.

Berwick St. James and Fisherton Anger Inclo-luir Hill committed.

Flv Drainage Bill passed.

312 ^0° Aprilis — A. 1789.

Mr. A limhinreported from the Committee, That

he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Minchin accordingly reported from the said

Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of £.3,000, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited E(fates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh, to public Ul'es, in that Part of the Kingdom.

And Mr. Minchin moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of £.3,000 out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh, to public Uses, in that Part of the Kingdom: And that Mr. Minchin and Lord Frederick Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Warren Hajfings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning;

And Notice being taken that the Name of the Right honourable Edmund Burke (a Member of this House) is mentioned in the said Petition;

And Mr. Burke being in his Place in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Tylney Long, Mr. Hobart, &rc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render effectual an Act, of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and MildcnhallRivers, and bounded on the South

East by the Hard L.ands of IJleham, Fordham, and Wicken, and for empowering the Governor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invejled Lands, and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof, was read the Third Time.

Retched, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render effectual, an Act of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Ifie of Ely and County of Cambridge, between the Cant, otherwise Grant, Ouje, and -

/. // Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of Jflebatn, Fordham, Soham, and and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invejled Lands, and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mf. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine 1 And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That, from Circumstances which make it inconvenient to the Commons to proceed in the Trial of Warren Iiajlings, Esquire, this Day, the Commons desire the Lords to postpone the same to a future Day.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the said Message.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, *« An Act " for the better securing the Rights of Persons qua- lifted to vote at County Elections."

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-sevenrh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing " and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muf-<c lins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited " Time," was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Button,alias Podington, in the Village or Tything of Easton, in the Parish of Chickerill, alias Chickerill, in the County of Dorset -, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart reported. That he had been at the House of Lords, and delivered the Message directed by this House; and that the Lords answered, That they, having taken the said Message into Confederation, will, proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1eneris, i° die, Maii;

Anno 29° Georgii III. U Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

MR. Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Buriat

Ground,

Militia Pay Bill piefented.

Message to the Lords to postpone Mr* Halting*'* Trial,

Bill for repealing County Elections Act, defeired.

Callicoe Printers Bill deferred*

The Lord# have agreed to

Putton Inclosure Bill,

Lords Answer to Message for postponing Mr. Haft-inga’t Trial*

St. OaiPa

Ch»i ch Bill

presented.

Shad don Gate Road Bill committed.

Copies of Acts jeipccting Slaves pic-ien.ed*

Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill-for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sb near to the present Turnpike Road at , and from a

Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binjey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumberland, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Stepbenfon, Mr. Walpole,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Townshend presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copies of several Acts for the Regulation of Slaves, passed in the West India Islands; viz.

N® 1 . — Island of Grenada — *Copy of an Act for the

more effectual Trial and Punishment of Criminal Slaves; passed 9th August 1788: And also,

N° 2. — Istand of Dominica — Copy of an Act for the suppressing of Runaway Slaves, &c. and of Five fub-sequent Acts, reviving, continuing, and amending the same: And also,

N° 3. Copy of an Act for the Encouragement, Protection, and better Government of Slaves; passed 23d December 1788: And also,

N° 4. — Istand of Saint Vincent — Copy of an Act for the making Slaves Real Estate, and the better Government- of Slaves and Free Negroes; passed nth July 1767: And also,

N° 5. — Bahama Islands — Copy of an Act for governing Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, and Indians, and for suspending several Acts therein mentioned; passed 7th Jufy, 1784: And also,

N° 6. Copy of an Act for explaining and amending an Aftx passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act forgoverning Negroes, Mulattoes, Mustees, and Indians,

" and for suspending several Acts therein mentioned ;" passed 25th February 1788: And also,

N° 7. — Istand of Saint Gbr Copy of an Act for tke better Government of Negroes and other Slaves; passed 24th March 1702-3: And also,

N° 8. Copy of an Act for attainting several Negroes therein mentioned, and for the more effectual preventing Negroes from running away from their Masters Service, and for explaining and rendering more effectual an Act, intituled, "An Act for the better Government of Negroes and other SlavesAnd also,

N° 9. Copy of an Act for punishing with Death all Negroes and Slaves who shall attempt to take away the Life of any White Man, or Free Person, by Poison: And also,

N° 10. Copy of-an Act to prevent the cutting off 'or depriving any Slaves in this Istand of their Limbs or Members, or otherwise disabling them; passed the 28th Day of November 1783: And also,

N° 11. — Istand of Antigua — 'Copy of an Act for fur-

ther Prevention of Damages to the Harbours, and Abuses in carrying on the Inland Trade of this Istand, regulating the Hire and Manumission of Slaves, and for advertising Runaways committed to Gaol; passed the 20th February 1761: And also,

N° 12. — Island of Tortola, — Copy of an Act for the good Government of Negroes and other Slaves, for preventing the Harbourage and Encouragement of Runaway Slaves, and for restraining and punishing all Persons who shall abet tljc pernicious Practices of Vol. XLIV.

trafficking with Slaves for any of the Staple or other Commodities of these Islands: And also,

N° 13. — Island of Nevis — Copy of an Act for the good Government of Negroes and other Slaves in this island; passed 21st October 1717; And also,

N° 14. Copy of an Act to amend, explain, and make more effectual, an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled,

" An Act for the good Government of Negroes and " other Slaves in this island ;" passed aoth June 1737: And also,

N° 15. Copy of an Act to prevent Slaves from felling any Thing without a Ticket from their Masters, and to prohibit Slaves planting Cotton for themselves; passed 31st March 1739: And also,

N° 16. Copy of an Act to prevent Slaves from felling any Thing without a Ticket from their Matters; passed the 14th June 1749: And also,

N° 17. — Istand of Montserrat — Copies of several Acts relative to Negro Slaves: And also,

N° 18. Copy of an Act to restrain the Insolencies of Slaves, and for preventing them from committing any Outrages, as also the better ordering of such Slaves, &c.; passed 16th June 1693: And also,

N° 19. Copy of an Act for the further Restriction of Slaves, by prohibiting them from planting.any Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa, and from keeping a public Market on Sundays; and for further restraining licentious Meetings of Negroes; passed 23d December 1736: And also,

N" 20. Copy of an Act for the better Government of Free Negroes, and for discouraging and prohibiting of Traffick with them, and with all Slaves; passed 7th May 1761: And also,

N® 21. — Istand of Jamaica — Copy of an Act repealing several Acts, and Clauses of Acts, respecting Slaves, and for the better Order and Government of Slaves, and for other Purposes; passed 22d 1787: And also,

N® 22. Copy of an Act to repeal an Act, intituled, "An Act to repeal several Acts, and Clauses of Acts, K respecting Slaves, and for the better Order and ct Government of Slaves, and for other Purposes;" and also to repeal the several Acts, and Clauses of Acts, which were repealed by the Act intituled as aforesaid; and for consolidating, and bringing into One Act, the several Laws relating to Slaves, and for giving them further Protection and Security; for altering the Mode of Trial of Slaves charged with Capital Offences; and for other Purposes.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Sibford Ferris, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through the County of Renfrew, and the Bridge cross the River; for regulat-

4 L ing

Sibford Ferris Inclosure Bill presented*

RcnfrewRoads Bill passed.

Groohy Inclt-lure Bill palled#

Haifton Tn-cloliire Bill presented.

Day appointed for Second Beading of Soar, kc. Navigation Bill*

C.illicot Puntus Bdl reported.

MallingHeaih Roads Bill committed*

3*4 i° Mail. 1789.

ing the Statute Labour of the said County; and for railing an additional Assessment for building Bridges, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Alts, made in the Twenty -sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through the Counties of Lanark and Renfrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Skene do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lord ship or Liberties of Grooby, in t,he Parish of Ratby, and County of Leicfler, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Grooby, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger ford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of,

in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the River Soar navigable, from its Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of ton, in the County of Leicester, to or near Lady’s > in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of,

and for making the River Wreak navigable, from its Junction with the River Soar, in or near the Lordship

of Cojfngton,to the River Eye, and for making such last-

mentioned River navigable to Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the said County, be read a Second Time upon Sevcnnight, the

i 2th Day of this Instant May.

Mr. Thomas Stanley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of deligning and printing Linens, Cot- tons, Callicoes, and Mullins, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direlted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns, on East Mailing Heath, to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from Brdnd Bridges to the Wentsf near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. wood, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faverj,in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near, or adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Reltor of the Parish of Paul, Covent Garden, in the Liberty of and the

Trustees named and appointed in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Church of the said Parish, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Alt, Power was given to the Trustees to make Assessments upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, not exceeding Six Pence in the Pound, in any One Year, of the Yearly Relit pr Value of their respcltive Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and such Trustees were thereby authorized, by the Sale of Life Annuities, to be charged upon the Monies arising by such Aftelf-ments, to raise any Sum of Money, not exceeding £. 6,000, for the Purposes of the said Alt; and that, upon delivering in the Bills of the different Tradesmen employed in and about the Repairs of the said Parish Church, for the Quarter ending at Lady Hay last, it appears that such Sum of £. 6,000 will not be sufficient to defray the Expences of carrying the said Alt into Execution, but a sufficient Sum may be raised for that Purpose by a further Sale of Life Annuities, without increasing the said Assessments beyond the Sum of Six Pence in the Pound, authorized to be made by the said Alt; and that such Necessity for raising a further Sum of Money, to carry the said Alt into Execution, was not known to the Petitioners until the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying. That, in Consideration of the Circumstances aforesaid, Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for a Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers of the said Alt.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Reltor of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, and the Trustees appointed by the said Alt, passed in the last Session of Parliament.

An ingrossed Bill for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erelting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

Faverlhatri Paving Bill committed.

Petition for Leave to present a Petition to amend the Act for repairing Covetu Garden Church.

Leave given.

Bill for

lowering the

Tonnage

Duties at New

Shoreham

Harbour

passed.

Voice* to

Committee OH Ta» porley Road Bill.

Member added 10 bring in Chelworth Inclosure Bill*

Chelworth In* closure Bill presented.

Petition from Owner* of Estates within the Boundaries of the late Forest of Braydon against D° Bill.

jesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Sboreb in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair.

Ordered, That Mr. Aldridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from in the County Palatine of Chester, to Acton , near Wea-

verham, in the same County, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed, to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of Estates within the Inner Boundaries of the late Forest of Braydon, and within the Manors and Ty things of Great wertb and Little Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called Chelworth and Eighty-four Acres of Land in Greens and Lanes, within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chehvorth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts: And the farrfe was received j and read the First Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of George Adams and and the several other Persons whose Names are. thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands' and Estates within the Outer Boundaries, and also within the Inner Boundaries of the late Forest of Braydon, within the Manors and Tythings of Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, or One of them. In the Parish of Cricklade Saint , in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth, That the Petitioners find a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing Chelworth Common, and certain Greens and Lanes within the Inner Boundaries of the said Forest, which Petition dates, that the said Common, Greens, and Lanes, belong to the Owners of Estates within the said Inner Boundaries in Right of such their Estates; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to acquaint the House, That the Owners of Estates within the said Outer Boundaries are entitled to an equal Right and Interest in the said Common, Greens, and Lanes, with the Owners of Estates within the said Inner Boundaries, and have uniformly, and without Interruption, Time out of Mind, used and enjoyed, as Owners of such Estates, without the said Inner Boundaries, a Right of Common and Depasturing upon the said Common, Greens, and Lanes, in common and together with the Owners of Estates within the said Inner Boundaries; and that the Common, Greens, and Lanes, now about to be inclosed, are the only Common, Greens, and Lanes, within the aforesaid Manor of Great and Little Chel-worth, for the Use of the Petitioners, and others, the Owners of Lands and Estates, as well within as without the said Inner Boundaries, and if the said Common, Greens, and Lanes, Should be divided and inclosed, the same must be separated into such small Parcels, as to be of very little Value to the several Persons entitled thereto, and would in other Respects be a very great Injury to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Owners of Estates interested in the said Common, Greens, and Lanes; and that by an Act, made

in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, called The Middle Field, Farfield, Redlands, The Great Hitching, Trinder’s Piece, South Meadow, and Mafkelyne'sMeadow, and also a certain Piece

of Common called The One hundred and Fifty , adjoining and lying open to the said Common called Chelworth Common, within the Manors and Tythings of Great and Little Chelworth aforesaid, or One of them, have been inclosed, divided, and allotted, and the said Common, Greens, and Lanes, were purposely omitted out of and not included in such Act of Parliament, in order that the same might, at all Times thereafter, remain open and uninclosed, and be used and enjoyed, as Common, by the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein as thentofore: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tar ble, until the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called Chelworth Common, and Eighty-four Acres of Land in Greens and Lanes, within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, and several principal In- petitions from habitants, of the Borough and Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to Favour of*111 the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti- Cromford tioners find a Bill is depending in the House, far Cin&1 Blll‘ making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Cromford Green, in the County of Derby, to communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, in the Parish of Eajiwood, in the County of Nottingham, together with a Collateral Cut from such intended Canal into the Parish of in the County of Derby: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Aldermen, and several of the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Langley Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the River Trent, through the Erewash Canal to Cromford, in the County of Derby: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Petition from others, of the Towns of Helmjley, and New Malton, and the Villages of Hovingham, Stonegrave, Oswaldkirk, again*York and other Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, in i’d?R1ne the North Riding of the County of was presented 01 1

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find a Bill is depending in the House, for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from the " City of York, to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and " from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike,

*< towards Oulflon, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York ;" -and Alledging,

That the Trustees for carrying the said Act into Exe- cution

3i6 i° Mail A. 1789.

cution have taken under their Care a small Part of the Road leading from New Malton towards upon the Top of the said Bank, and in the Year 1786 caused a Turnpike to be erected thereon, and have flopped up Part of the ancient Course of the said Road leading from New Malton towards,

by Reason whereof Travellers and Carriages passing along that Road are obliged to pass upon the Road which the said Trustees have taken under their Care for about in Yards, and are thereby charged with Toll at such Turnpike, whereas if the said Road leading from New Malton towards Helm/ley had continued in its ancient Course, they would not have been obliged to pass along the Road so taken under the Care of the said Trustees more than 40 or 50 Yards, and consequently would not have been liable to the Payment of any Toll, and the Inhabitants of Helmjley and O/waldkirk, passing between those Places, although they make Use of the Road so taken under the Care of the said Trustees for the Space only of about 480 Yards, are charged at the said Turnpike with Tolls for their Cattle, and with the like Tolls for their Carriages, as Persons who pass the whole Extent of the said Road (which is upwards of Twenty Miles) are subject to, which are very great Hardships upon the Petitioners, and all other Persons under the like Circumstances: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, in Support of their Cafe, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill to restrain the said Trustees from continuing or erecting any Turnpike, or collecting any Toll, upon the said Road, nearer to the O/waldkirk Bank End of the said Road than the South Side of the said Village of O/waldkirk.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ' Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of O/waldkirk , and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the said Road in Sutton , through towards Oul/lon, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Leave given Mr. Pulteney, from the Select Committee appointed

lie* Kic'llo!" tr? anc* determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir CominUtee'to Samuel Hood, Baroner, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of adjourn. Ireland i and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Elcftors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty, acquainted the House, That the said Committee desired Leave to adjourn, at the Rising of the Committee this Day, until Monday Morning next, the Counsel for the Sitting Member having closed his Evidence, and desiring that Time to prepare himself to Rate his Observations, without any Objection being made thereto by the Counsel on the other Side, and no Expence arising to the Parties by the Attendance of Witnesses in Town.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted Pastures within the Township of Langcliffe, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 66 Beast Gates, and 121 Sheep Gates, who did not choo(p to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure, or who are Minors, or who could not be met with; and that the’ whole Property in the Lands to be inclosed consists of 296 Beast Gates, and 939 Sheep Gates; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and MU!ti*Pay Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain te^ con"n"* called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon slave Trade Saturday last, for the House to resolve itself into a dcferred* Committee of the whole House, upon next,

to consider of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the A/rican Slave Trade, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon uefday Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill forrep«ai-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last deferred. Session of Parliament, intituled, <{ An Act for the M better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to " vote at County Elections," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Mr. H»sting«’» into Consideration the Petition of Warren Hajlings, ?«'*«>" con- Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, be now "*r read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be now taken into Consideration.

The

Motion to ad* joui n,

Neg%

Previous Question Neg* for calling in /Mr. Gurney.

Committee appointed tain* speft Precedents respecting Complaints of Expressions used on Trials of Impeachment*

King's Content to Bourton and Watch-field Indol'ure Sill.

Ways and Meant deferred.

Supply deferred.

Maii.

317

*57-

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Petition into Consideration.

And the said Petition was again read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Sir Gilbert Elliot, Y Mr. Michael Angelo > 97. Taylor: , J

Tellers for the Noes. |

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-, posed, That Mr. Gurney, one of the Short Hand Writers of the Notes taken at the Trial of Warren,

Esquire, in Westminster Hall, be now called in j And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed to inspect Precedents, and to report to the House what Evidence has been received, by the House, respecting any Complaint of Expressions or Words used on the Trial of any Impeachment, by any Members of this House employed to manage such Impeachment i The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

f Mr. Minchin, 7

Mr. St. John: J

102.

i7-

Tellers for the Noes. }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And a Committee was appointed of the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Ellis, the Matter of the Rolls, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Ord, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Swinburne, the Earl of Mornington, SirJames Johnftone, xht Lord Mr.

ten, Mr. Ryder, Mr. JohnMitford^ Lord John And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ....

Ordered, That the said'"Committee have Leave- to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Petition of Warren Esquirei late Governor General of B&ngal, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

T

Notice being taken That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing,; allotting, and inclosing the Open’Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste . Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Haitalets of and

Watcbfield, in the Parish of Shriven bam, in the County of Berks -, which JiilL whs, upon Saturday last; read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty!s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed ;of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The athpr Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this' House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted tb His; Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will; upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply.granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

f.

Vol. XLIV.

Lutub, 40 die Maii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

MR. Duncombe presented to the House, according Selby Bridge

to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge at or Bill near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from ir\ the

West Riding of the County of York, to the oppofuc Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Langclitt; in-Stinted Pastures within the Township of Langcliffe, in cioiure Bill the West Riding of the County of York, was read the P*11*41*

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted Pastures within the Townrtiip of Langcliffe, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Letbieullier presented to the House, accord- Andevor ing to Order, a Bill for making and maihtaining a Canal Bill Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of - Presented* vor, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambridge the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for County writ, the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge, in the room of Sir Henry Peyton, Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according Highworth to Order, a Bill for providing a Workhouse for the Poor Bill pre-Ulfe of the Parish of Highworth, in the County of ftnted* Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Pa-fish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the Hoyfe, according Hemmington to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open inciofure Bill or Common Fields, Meadow, Pastures, and Waste Pres,ntod* Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of -

ton, imthe Parish of Lockington, and County of Lei-, cejier: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to old street whom the ' Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Road Bill Three Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty- rePorteU' ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and also for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worship Street to Crown Street, along the East Side of Moorfields, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be ' true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and , he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-

4 M livered

r

Shoreditch Roads#.11 reported.

&T tnL s Nat. iMV cum-fMttwd.

318 40 Mail A. 1789.

livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mainvearing reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfiand from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly flood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Bush Hill,in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees, under an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for maintaining, regulating, and employing the " Poor within the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting the said " Parish, and establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein ;" and also, the Petition of the several Per-, fons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, irt the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Land, Inhabitants, and Parishioners, respectively, within the Parish of Homjey, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and all other the: Land Owners, Inhabitants, and Parishioners, within; the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Land, and-Inhabitants, within the Parish of Mary,

in the County of Middlesex -, and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Land, Inhabitants, and Parishioners, respectively, within the Parish of Saint Mary, Stoke Newington, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Land Owners, Inhabitants, and Parishioners, within the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish Church of Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and other Inhabitants of the same Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; Thae the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found ithe same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W’here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the I Ioulc, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolTvd.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Nantes, was read a Second Time.

AV o'ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hemy

EoJ.’ion, Mr. PL-elips, See.: And they are to niece 1

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Anderson Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadow s, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Home presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Sum of £. 1,000, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus, arising from the forfeited Estates in North Brittowards completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnfpath, in the County of Berwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

r

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt, in the King’s Bench Prison: And also;

A Petition of the Insolvent Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Prison for the County of Wilts

Were severally presented to the House, and.read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and stir the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors: And that.Mr. Barger and Sir Richard Sutlon do prepare, and bring in, the fame. . j

, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, in the County of Somerset, was presented to she House, and read; Setting forth, That Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinham toi the End of the Parish of ‘Timsbury, and also the Road from

Midjomer Norton, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Philip, and also the Road from Tucker’s Grave to the Road leading from Wellow, to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset; and that a certain1 Branch of Road1 in the Parish of Kilmerjdon, in the said County, and leading to the Road comprized in the said Act from Bucklar.d Dinham aforesaid, in the Street of Radjtock (being about Ono Mile and Three Quarters in Length) is greatly out of Repair, and, in some Parts, narrow and inaammo-dious, and cannot be effectually amended* widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be a Convenience to the Public, and of Benefit to the aforesaid Roads, if the said Road was properly amended and rendered commodious for. Passengers and Carriages, and the Course thereof so altered as may be found more convenient and bdneficial to the Public, which might be done, if the same was put under the Management of the Trustees for carrying the above mentioned Act into Execution: And therefore praying, That Prbvifron may be made in the said intended Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Branch of Road above mentioned, in such Manner as the House-shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution%an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing $ " and

Denton Inclosure Bill presented.

Cockburn-lpath Bridge Bill presented*

King's Bench| ami Wilts } Debtors Petitions.

Debtors Bill ordered.

Petition for additional Provision to Buckland Dinham Road Bill.

29 Geo. III.

Mail.

319

Debtors Bill presented*

Cambridge Town W lit.

Bramley Inclosure Bill prcl'euted*

Highland Society Bill presented.

Day appointed

for Second Reading of St. George, lia novc|* Squaie, Poor, See. Bill.

" and widening the Road from Buckland Dinbam to " the End of the Parish of S and also the

Road from Midjomer Norton to the End of the " Parish of Norton Saint Phand also the Road " from Tucker sGrave, to the Road leading from

" Wellow, to a Place known by the Name of The Red " Pofi,in the County of Somerset," is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Burges presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the room of James IVhorwood Adeane, Esquire, who, since his Eleftion for the said Town,' hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to: Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Bromley, in the Parish of Leeds, and County of York: And the same was received* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. - "

., . 4 »

> . 1 1

Lord Frederick Campbell, presented to the House,

according to Otder, a Bill for appropriating the Suni of £.3,000, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland "Society of Scotland at Edinburgh, to public Uses, in that Part of the Kingdom: And the same was received* and read the First Time. r v ' -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

: v -i . ;-

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Patish of George,' Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the-City-of Westmirtjler , foe repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol j for paving, repair-

St. Pancras Paving Bill committed.

Committee on Militia Pay Bill.

ing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances. and Annoyances within feverail of the Streets, and other public Passages dnd Places within the said Parish* for apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain Expences incurred on: Account, of the said Parish; fordjfcontinuing the common Use of the Burial Ground behind the Work house *' and for making some Alterations relative to the . Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish, be read> Second Time upon V/ednesday.Morning next. .: ‘

A Bill for paving, lighting, deanfing, watering, and watching the Streets, and other public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the North and South Sides of the new Road leading from Paddto , called Sommers Town,' and for preventing Nuisances and Ob-strudti.ons therein, was read Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Dempster, Ac.: And - they are - to meet this Afternoon, atJ?ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. , . '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to reiolve itself into*a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day :of March One thousand Seven hundred and' Eighty-nine, be now read. f

And the said Order being read accordingly *

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr; Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the preventing vexatious Removals, and for supplying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the Poor of this Kingdom *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wedr.efday Morning next.

1

- An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of the Arts of designing and print-ing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by " vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers,

" Printers, arid Proprietors, for a limited Time," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That-the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,-An Act for continuing an Act, made in they Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement "'‘of the'-Arts of designing and printing Linens,

Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the ' " Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and " Proprietors, for a lkftited Time;"

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to' the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the^Marquis of Graham do make the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to itifpeft Precedents^ and to report to the House what Evidence has been received, by the House, respecting any Complaint of Expressions or Words used on the Trial of any Impeachment, by any Members of this House employed to manage such Impeachment.

- The Marquis of Graham accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter to them referred, and had directed a Report to be madetQ.the House* and he read the Report ini his Place* and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read* and is as followeth* viz.

Your Committee have found no Precedent respecting any Complaint of Expressions or Words used on the Trial of any Impeachment: But as the Proceedings In the same of Words spoken, or supposed to have been spoken, by Sir Dudley Digges and Sir John Ellyott, in the Course of the Proceedings on the Impeachment of the Duke of Buckingham, may be deemed analogous in some Respects to the Subject of the Order of Reference, your Committee beg Leave to refer the House to the Journals of the 3d, 8th, 9th, 12th, 13th, 15th, 16th, 17th, 19th, and 20th Days of May 1626, which contain those Proceedings.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Poor Remora 1 Bill deterred*

Calllcoc Printers Bill passed*

Report from Committee appointed to inspect Precedents respecting Complaints of Expressions used on Trials of Impeachment*

A Petition of the Rector of the Parish of Paul, Covent Gar-Covent Garden, in the Liberty of Westminster, and the Trustees named and appointed in and by an Act,

passed

Mr. Hiftingt't Petition further Conti tiered*

M . Gui ney r il> t jn, and C*iUlliK<i*

passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Church of the said Parish, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, Power was given to the Trustees to make Assessments upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound in any One Year of the Yearly Relit or Value of their respective Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and such Trustees were thereby authorized, by the Sale of Life Annuities, to be charged upon the Monies arising by such Assessments, to raise any Sum of Money, not exceeding £.6,000, for the Purposes of the said Act; and that it appears such Sum of £. 6,000 will not be sufficient to defray the Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution, but a fuffiquent Sum may be raised for that Purpose by a further Sale of Life Annuities, without increasing the said Assessments beyond the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, authorized to be made by the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of the said Act for repairing the said Church of the Parish of Saint Pau^ Covent Garden, for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church, and for removing the present Watch House, and for providing another for the Use of the said Parish, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fox, Lord John 'Tdwtif-bend, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power'to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Petition Esquire, late Governor General of; .

A Motion was made, and the Question, being pfo-posed. That Mr. Gurney, One of the! Short Hand Writers appointed to take Minutes at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, in Hall, be called

in, and examined touching the Allegations contained in the said Petition;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " touching the " Allegations contained in the said Petition," and inferring the Word? ".rel'peCling so much of the " Allegations in the Petition as, relate to Words " alledged to have been spoken by Mr.

" cerning Nundcomar,"instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. George Augustus

MMgdt I 6S-

Taylor

Tellers for the Noes, j , ' 'S'

So it palTeri in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " respecting so much of the Allegations in the Petition as relate to Words alledged to have been " spoken by Mr. Burke, concerning be

inferred instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the ma;n Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That Mr. Gurney, One of the Short Hand Writers appointed to take Minutes at the Trial of V/arren Hastings', Esquire, in Hall, be called

in, and examined respecting so much of the Allega-

A. 1789.

tiens in the Petition as relate to Words alledged to have been spoken by Mr. Burke, concerning Nundcomar.

Mr. Gurney was accordingly called in j and, at the Bar, examined in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

A Morion was made, and the Question being proposed, That no Direction or Authority was given, by this House, to the Committee appointed to manage the Impeachment against Warren Raftings, Esquire, to make any Charge or Allegation against the said Warren Hastings, respecting the Condemnation or Execution of Nundcomar;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " and that the Words spoken by the Right honour-" able Edmund Burke, One of the said Managers, " viz. " He (meaning Warren , Esquire)

" murdered that Man (meaning Nundcomar) by the " Hands of Sir Elijah Impeyf ought not to have been " spoken."

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by adding at the End thereof, the' Words, " although in the Charge exhi-' " bited by the Commons of Great Britain, upon " which the House voted the Impeachment, there are " the following Words; viz. "That the Evidence " of this Man (meaning Nundcomar)not having been!

" encountered at the Time when it might, and ought " to have been done, by the said. Warren Hastings, " remains justly in Force against him, and is not " abated by the Capital Punishment of the said " comar, but rather confirmed by the Time and Circ.um.stances in which the Accuser of the said War-' " ren Hastings suffered Death," and to which Charge. " the said Warren Hastings, at the Bar of this House, " made the following Answer; viz. " To the malicious Parts of this Charge, which is the Condemriatien of Nundcomar for a Forgery, I do declare, in the most solemn and unreserved Manner, that I had " no Concern, either jdireftly or indirectly, in the apprehending, prosecuting, or Execution of " mar ;" and although the Managers who have been " appointed by the House to arrange the Evidence, " and enforce the Charges against the said Warren " Hastings,are of Opinion, that the aforesaid Dc-

clarations, used by the said Right honoutable Edmund Burke, were eflbntially necessary to the Support of One of the principal Charges voted by this " House;"

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn ;.

It passed in the Negative. '

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be added to the said proposed Amendment be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative. v

Then the Question being put, That the Words " and that the Words spoken by the Right honour^ " able Edmund Burke, One of the said Managers, " viz... " He (meaning . Warren Hastings ± Esquire)

" murdered that Man-(meaning Nundcomar) by the " Hands of Sir Elijah Impey"ought not to have been " spoken," be added at the End of the Question;

: The House divided.

.The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for ,he Yeas, ^ord *4, J

Teners for the Noes, «

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That no Direction or Authority was given, by this House, to the Committee appointed to manage the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, to make any Charge or Allegation against the said War-< ' ren

40 Maiu

Question

rel'pecting

Nundcomar*

Mouon to

adjourn.

RefoWition

respect 11.

Nundcomar*

PrfvioOi Qurftion Nfg* to thank the Managers.

Wsys »mt

Mum deferred.

Supply de# fared.

Mr. Sumner 10 cirry to the Lords the Bill to (ufpend County Election i A&.

Sr. Chad's Church Bill eooauued.

Petition from Farerflnm, Ashford, &c. against Favcr-sham Pating

Bill*

40 — 50 Mali.

311

ren Hastings, respecting the Condemnation or Execu*

tien of Nundcomar , and that the Words spoken by the Right honourable Edmund Burke, One of the said Managers, viz. " He" (meaning Ha flings,

Esquire) " murdered that Man" (meaning Nundco-mar) " by the Hands of Sir Elijah ought not

to have been spoken.

A Morion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Thanks of this House be gifen to the Right honourable Edmund Burke, and the rest of the Managers, for their Exertions and Assiduity in the Prosecution of the Impeachment against IVanen I la flings, Esquire, and that they be delired to persevere in the same;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put j

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read,

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVednfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WedneJdaj Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after One of the Clock on ! Morning,

adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 50 Maii 5

Anno 29° Georgii III*" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

f\RD ERED, That Mr. Sumner do carry to the Lords the ingossed Bill, intituled, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons " qualified to vote at County Elections," and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

A Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewjlury, and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hill, Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of certain of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Faversham, Ashford, IVye, and and the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Kent, was presented. to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Corporation of the Town of Faversham are inverted with certain Droits or Dues, payable at the Port of the said Town, on all Corn, Hops, and various other Articles exported there, as also on the Importation of Coals, &c. which Droits or Dues are payable by such of the Petitioners, and others, as reside Vox.. XLIV.

without the Liberties of the said Towxl, and the said Corporation are inverted with such Droits, as Trustees; to apply the Produce thereof towards cleansing the Creek or Branch of the Sea, which runs up to the said Town, and forms the Port thereof, and towards re- pairing the Pavements and Highways of and within the Limits of the same Town, and moreover the Inhabitants of the said Town of Faversham, of whom Part of the Petitioners form a large Number, pay an Annual Cess of Six Pence in the Pound on the Rents of their Houses and Lands, towards repairing the Highways within the Liberties of the Town; and that the said Corporation, and the Surveyors of the Highr ways within the Liberiies of the said Town, have, from the Produce of the above mentioned Funds and Revenues, kept the Pavemencs and Highways of and within the Liberties of the said Town in very good Repair till within a few Years lart part, so that the same were rather commended than complained of; and that the Members of the said Corporation, with some others of the more affluent Inhabitants of the said Town, have presented a Petition to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for new paving, watching, and lighting the said Town, by which Bill new Duties are proposed to be laid on the Petitioners, and others. Inhabitants of the said Towns and Country; and that, supposing the said Bill should be amended in the Committee, by omitting the Duty on Coals, as has been proposed, such Amendment must create dill heavier, and more durable. Duties, to be paid by such of the Petitioners, and others, who reside within the Liberties of the Town of Faversham, which will be particularly burthensome on many of the Petitioners, who are Fishermen, and poor, although such Duties may, in the Assessments, be so modified as to make such of the Petitioners pay a less Proportion of such intended Duties for the Houses they occupy, than will be paid by the Occupiers of Houses of a higher Relit within the Town; and that the Petitioners can obviate any Plea in Favour of the said Jlill, founded on the present Defects in the Pavement of the said Town, by producing Proof, that it has been purposely neglected for upwards of Two Years last past, in Contemplation of the said Bill, by the public Acknowledgement of the Town Clerk himself; and that the Petitioners can bring Proof that the general Vote of the Inhabitants of the said Town has not been taken, and that at their last Meeting, held by public Advertisement, Declarations were made of a Change of Plan which could receive no Approbation from the Town, nor give any Security to the Country, because a Decision by Vote was not allowed j and that the Petitioners being entitled to a good Pavement, by their Intereli in the faithful Application of the aforesaid Droits, will bring Evidence of the probable Amount thereof, in Confidence that the House will not suffer the original Appropriation of the said Droits to be applied to any new Projects of Improvement; And therefore praying, That the said Bill for the new paving, watching, and lighting the said Town of Faversham, may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

4 N mittee,.

SiHford Ferris Inclosurt Bill committed*

Accounts of Exports an! Imports, See, to and from the Sugar Colonies to be printed.

Militia Pay Bill reported.

Banham In* closure Bill reported.

T rial of Mt+HaHingt.

312

50 Matt. A. 1789.

mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Sibford

Ferris, in the Parish of Swin the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Dolben, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts, which were presented to the House upon the 28th Day of April last, by Mr. Irving, In-fpcCtor General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was committed.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Bantam, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and also to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of f. 150, who did not choose to sign the Bill, and the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value off. 80. ioj. who had not been applied to; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of f. 2,542; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and

Places adjacent, and the PaflTages leading to

fter Hall, and summon the Members there to attend

their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and being returned.

The House was moved. That the Proceedings of the House Yesterday,' upon taking into further Consideration the Petition of Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Htrfton ra-and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several *,ofure ®j|i Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harfton, in the eomm" County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Congieton the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Congieton to Colley Bridge, reportea* and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green, in the Parish of Preftbury, in the County of Chester, and for setting out and making a new Road from Smithy Green aforesaid, to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at 'Thatcbmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiH, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition, from thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an A&, made BridgtRo»d* hi the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and Bill.

" keeping

20 Geo. III. Mail. 323

" keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike " Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County," the Trustees therein named, and their Successors, were empowered to borrow, on the Credit of the Tolls to be raised by virtue of the said Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as they Should think needful for carrying the said Act into Execution; and that the Petitioners, or the Persons whom they respectively represent, have advanced to the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road, on the Credit of the Tolls thereof, and on the Faith of the said Act, several considerable Sums of Money, which, with a long Arrear of Intc-rest, are yet unpaid; and that, the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near Cromford Green, in the County of Derby, to join and 'communicate with the Erewash Canal at or near Langley Bridge in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, and also Tvto Collateral Cuts, One frdm the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Miili'to dr near Pinxton ,in the County of Derby,

and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of Selfton,in the County of , and, if the fame ftvould pass into a Law, the Tolls upon the said Turnpike Road are likely to bt greatly lelfened thereby, and the Petitioners Securities on the said Road materially injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Stourbridge Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to reported whom the Bill for more effectually amending, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Roads leading from the late Market-House in Stourbridge, to Wordesley Green Gate, and to the Town of Bromsgrove, and to the Road leading from Blakedown Pool to The of the Hands near Holloway Head, and to Iverley Hill, and to Colley Gate, and from thence to Halesowen, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, and for opening a more commodious Communication between the last mentioned Road and the Birmingham Turnpike Road, at

owen aforesaid; and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates to the said Roads, and for amending the Road from Coalbourne Brook, through Wollaston, to Churchill Field Corner, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was committed > That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed -to . l by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Coie(hiURoadt Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Perted°n re* Pct, E*oa of several of the Trustees appointed or

' elected for putting in Execution the Powers of Three

Acts of Parliament, made in the Second, Seventeenth,

and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, for repairing the Roads from Colefhill, in the county of,

through the City of Lichfield, and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield, and also the Road leading from Tew nail's Lane to Toxall. Bridge, in the said County of was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and-that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, ^is it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is ias followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Kinckley being examined, said, That rile Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed a large Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, which remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be altered and enlarged, and it would be of great Convenience if the Powers of the said former Acts were reduced into One Act.

The Witness further said. It would be of great public Utility if Power was given to continue the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Ogley-Hay, across the Common called Ogley-Hay, near Knaves-Castle, to a Public House known by the Sign of The Sun, in the Parish of Norton under Cannock, in the said County of Stafford,in the Great Road leading towards Shrewf-

bury.

Mr. Joseph Wyatt being examined, confirmed the abdve Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms of Three Acts, made in the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Coles-hill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Anson, and the Earl Gower, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lord* House, That their Lordships will proceed further in Wl11 the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Trial. Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will,-To-morrow Morn- Bill for «-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, £f*^g E|fg upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last tioniAadel Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the fared.

better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4 Mercurii,

6° Mail

Cong let on Jload Bill parted.

Philipp*! EtUtc Bill reported, and paired.

f>*int George, Hanover Square Poor, Sec. Bill committed.

3J4

Mercurti \66 die;

Anno 29* Georgii III*" Regis, 1789. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from -gleton to Colley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green, in the Parish of in the County of Chester, and for setting out and making a new Road from Smithy Green aforesaid, to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at thatebmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Revived, That the Bill do pass:-And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green, in the Parish of Prejlbury, in the County of Chester, and for setting out and making new Roads from Smithy Green aforesaid, to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatcbmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby, and from the first-mentioned Road to the Havanna Mills.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deGre their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir John Philipps, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising from (he Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the Ertates so to be verted in Trustees to be sold, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee } and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of minster , for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish; for apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain Expences incurred on Account of the said Parish; for discontinuing the common Use of the Burial Ground behind the Workhouse, and for making some Alterations relative to the Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish;

And the House being informed. That the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 25th Day of April lart, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

A. 1789.

Jervoi/e, Mr. Hunt, &d.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George. Hanover Square, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf, of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, which was presented to the House upon the 2 tth Day of April last, be referred to the Confiaeration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they, think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt, in Wore«ft*r; His Majesty’s Gaols of the City and County of Wor- pedb^<p^. cester: And also, . non*.

A Petition of the Prifotiers confined for Debt in the-Castle of Chester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Dirtrefs, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voice* to Committee to whom the Bill for paving, lighting. Committee on

1 r j - . to6 j St. P*ner»*

cleansing, watering, and watching the Streets, and paving Bill.

other public Places, within such Part of the Parish of

Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the North and South Sides of the New Road leading from Paddington to Islington, called Sommers 'town, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, is

committed.

The Lord Westcote reported from the Committee, Royal Ex-

to whom the Petition of the Governor, Sub Governor, ch,nle and Deputy Governor and Directors of the Royal -«porud! °n change Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter vof the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Letters Patent granted in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, were produced to your Committee, whereby it appears that the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, were incorporated, and amongst other Powers thereby granted to them, they and their Successors were empowered to make any Contracts or Agreements under their Common Seal, with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for any Assurance or Assurances of the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons whatsoever, in Manner in and by the said Letters Patent particularly mentioned:

Then,

Mr. James Booth, the Accountant to the said Company, being examined, said. That the Stock of the said Company amounts to the Sum of £. 500,000, which is applicable to Loftes by Fire, and Insurance for Lives, and that the said Sum is much more than sufficient to answer the Demands on the Company, upon Account of Ibch Loftes and Insurances.

John Lubbock, Esquire, being then examined, said,

That he is a Banker; that if a public Office for granting, and for purchasing under due RestridUons, Annuities for Lives, was properly established, he is of

Opinion

Opinion that the same would be beneficial to the Public, as such Office would grant and purchase Annuities at more equitable Rates than at present, and on better Security, and that he conceives the Royal Exchange Assurance is a proper and competent Office for that Purpose.

Mr. Richard Twopenny being examined, said. That he is a Stock Broker, and has been so for many Years part j that he is acquainted with the Business of granting and purchasing Annuities for Lives; that, very little of that Business has, for some Years, been done v by respectable Persons in or about Lloyd's Coffee-house, or the Bank, or the Royal Exchange, and that if a public Office of known and established Reputation was enabled so to do, it would be much more beneficial to the Public in general, and that they might be purchased and granted upon more equitable Terms, and upon better Security, than the same now are, and that he thinks the Royal Exchange Affur-ance an Office fully proper and competent for that Purpose

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and fell Annuities, upon or for any Life or Lives: And that the Lord Mr.

-And Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air. Strutt tu Ordered, That Mr. Strutt do carry to the Lords the ttrKo^dB?u n8ro^c^ Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and to the LonU. enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from through the Parish

of Penifien, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester, and delire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Barton Road Sir John Wodthouse reported from the Committee, Bill rcportedi to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on The Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

biietftEfate sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to

and passed! whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill Vol. XLIV.

to the Lbrdai and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Baybam presented to the House, accord-4 *»* Streets} ing to Order, a Bill for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of from Injury by Encroachments and Annoyances, for en- -larging or re-building the present Pump Rooms there} for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths}

Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tittle.

An ingrossed' Bill for more effectually repairing the Shoredirth Roads from the Stones End in the Parish Of Saint , Leonard, Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the *"*"* Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton for* merly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Buff in the Pa- rish of Edmonton, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End in the Parish of Saint Leonard,

Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Bush Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Old Street of Three Acts, made in the Twenty-fixch and Twerity-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke, and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and also for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worship Street to Crown Street, along the East Side of Moorfields, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgt the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke, and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and also for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worship Street to Crown Street, along the East Side of Moorfields.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according South Kit-to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and rented.' pfe* within the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

RJohtd, That the Bill be ntad a Second Time.

4 O Mr,

Hiv*ker» *nd Vedlart Bill presented.

Scotch Elfe* tiun Bill or* dtred.

Stout bridge Road* Bill passed.

Account, See. of African Company prrlented.

Binham In* cloUirc Bill pailcd.

Soar, kc. Navigation Bill deferred.

6* Matt. 1789.

Mr. Detnpfter presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars,

" and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their " Trade:" And the same was received i and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further regulating the Forms of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Sir James Johnftone and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the late Market House in Stourbridge, to Green

Gate, and to the Town of Brand to the Road leading from Blakedown Poof to The Cross of the Hands near Holloway Head, and to Hill, and to Colley Gate, and from thence to H, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, and for opening a

more commodious Communication between the last mentioned Road and the Birmingham Turnpike Road at Halesowen tforcizi^, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates to the said Roads; and for amending the Road from Brook, through

Wollaston, to ChurchillFielft Corner, in the Counties of

Worcester and Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titje be, An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the late Market House in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates to the said Roads’; and for amending the Road from Coalbourne Brook, through to Churchill

Field Corner, in the Counties of Worcester and Staff

ford> , , .

Ordered, That Mr. Creyue do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1787 — The Account of

" the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper Title And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1787 — -Orders and Regulatiens."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Banham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Banham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for reading’a Second Time, Upon l’uefday

next, the Bill for making the River Soar navigable, from its Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrehton, in the County of Leicester, to or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places,- in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making the River Wreak navigable, from its Junction with the River Soar, in or near the Lordship of Coffmgton, to the River Eye, and for making such last mentioned River navigable to Clofc Hoshe-

Jlead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the said County, might be read. ' ' - »

And the said Order being read-accordingly; i

Ordered, That the said Order tie discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill "tie read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the ,14th Day of this Instant May.;

Mr. Cotes reported from the Committee, to whom Llanfyllin

the Petition of the High Steward, Recorder, Bailiffs, of»j^oufc and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Petition'll

in the County of Montgomery, and1 of several Gentle- P°rted* men. Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the-House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame-, as it appeared to them, to the House f and he read tho i.

Report in his Placet and afterwards delivered it in ai the Clerk’s TableV Where the same fcas read;' a'rtd ii as followeth; jt>/z. ' ’ " y ’ "

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Humffreys Jones, Esquire, being’ examined, Taid.ThaC the Market House of the Town of'Llanfyllin was, about the Year 1775, deemed to tie In lo ruinous ’a State that it was then taken down', and the fame-has never been re-built, by Reason whereof the Resort to the Market hath considerably decreased, and is Itill decreasing; and that several of the Bridges arc much decayed, and the Pavements of the Streets of the said Town, and Avenues leading thereto, are in bad Condition, and the Lanes and public Highways in the several Townships of Globwll and Bacbia are very much out of Repair — That it would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and all Persons resorting thereto, if the Market House was re-built, the Bridges repaired or re-built, the Streets and Avenues to the said Town properly paved, and convenient Drains or Sewers made under the same; and it would also be of public Benefit to all Persons travelling along the said Lanes' or Highways if the same were properly repaired and amended, or turned and diverted — That the Church Yard belonging to the said Parish is too small for depositing the Dead, and it is necessary that some other Place should be provided and consecrated for that Purpose.

And the Witness further said. That the several Parties interested in and entitled to Right of Common upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Waste Ground within the Lordship of Llanfyllin, called Llwyn Bricks, Gwaun Llys, and Godor, have agreed, that the same shall be veiled in a Commissioner to be sold towards railing Money for carrying the above useful Purposes into Execution, and for repairing and widening the public Highways in the Townships of Globwll and Bacbia (within which the said Commons are situate) in Aid of the Statute Duty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County t»f Montgomery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof by Sale of certain Waste Lands, in 6 the

2'9 QeO. III.

6° Mail.

327

the Townships of Globw and in the said County: And that Mr. Cotes and Mr. Lloyd.

Vaughan do prepare, and bring in, -the fame.

Eve (ham Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Corncnittee, to

fe°o!Laetltl°n w^om Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of and Gloucester, and of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the Trulls and Powers of the Three Acts of Parliament under mentioned, whose Names are respectively subscribed, was referred; That the" Committee had examined, and found that the Standring Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774,'. relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; apd'he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was.read.;

' and is as followeth; viz. \ .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Tb/ee Acts, made in the First, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of > in the County* of-

-Wbtcester, and several other Rodds do the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, and read: And*

Charles Welsh, Esquire, being examined, said, 'Fhat the Sunroof £.2,800 has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which. Bill remains due — That so much of the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late. Majesty ’as related to making the Roads in the County of Warwick, has been repealed by a subsequent Act — That* the Tolls now payable are inefficient to repairthe' ROads, and pay the Interest of the Money due, and that several Amendments and Alterations are necessary to’be made to the said'Acts. And the Witness added, That it would be rtnore convenient to the Country if the Trustees were discharged from. the Care-and Management of such Parr of the said Roads as leads from the Great London Road to the Northward End of Hinton Lane- (being Three Quarter^ of a Mile in Length) and If the same was included in a BilL now depending before the House for repairing the Road from Hinton Lane to Field, in the Pa-

rish of Overbury, and County of ' Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, of the First, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Evesham, and several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester: And that Mr. Edward Foley and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hinton Lane Road Petition reported.

of Overbury, and County of Worcester, passing along a . deep and miry Soil, through, the Parishes of Hinton on the Green, Ashton tinder hilt,'Bec in the County of Gloucester, and extending in Length Eight Miles, is very much out of'Replir, an4 dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament. (

And. the Witness add$d. That it is proposed to communicate the said l^oad, with the Great -

Road.leading from Perjhore,in the County of Warwick, xoEvesham, and to include Part of the Roadj under, the EvejhamTruft, being in Extent about

Three Quarters of a. Mile, which the Trustees for the Evejhqm Road are defirpus should be done.

Ordered, Tha,t l^eave. be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, ana keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Cross Hands'.in Teddington Field, in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcester, to the London Turnpike Road, between Evesham and Perjhore,in the said County: And that,

Mr. Edward Foley arid Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r

An iugroifed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Miliu* Pay Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of ®l11 Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth J}ay of MarchOne thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine* was read the Third Time.

Resolved| ‘fha^ the Bill do pass:. And thatthe Title be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britairi called England, for One Year, beginping the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred, and Eighty-nine.

Ordered, Ttyiat Mr . Gilbertdo carry the Bill to the 1,-ords, and desire their Concurrence. i

_ Ordered,.That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, f upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Farliament, intituled, An (Act for the " better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to <c vote at County Elections," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chipr.

Mr. Blackburne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mf. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him tp report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Bill for repeal ingCounty Elections

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Barnes, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That the Road from the Northward End of Hinton Lane, in the County of Gloucester, through that Lane, and Sedgberrow, AshtonGraft, and Beckford Lanes, to the Cross Hands in Teddington Field, in the Parish

Poor Removal Bill deferred.

Wiy* and Meant deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the preventing vexatious Removals, and for supplying certain Delefts in the Laws relating to the Poor of this Kingdom, be read a Second Time upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Friday Morn- Supply de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole J House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,

ferred.

328

Mail

A. 1789.

Sirtw Road Bill piffed.

Voice* to Committee on Shaddon Gate Road BUI.

Haflamfliirt Cottars Peti. tien reed tgxin, end re* ferred tom

LoyneNerl* f mtion Bill frtkattd*

TnmJ of Mr.

Hiftwgft*

7*;

Anno 29* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on The Old River at Barton., to Brandon in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on The Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term . of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from don Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulafide, and from a Place in the said Turnpike

Road, between B'mfey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumberland, is committed.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several of the Freemen of the Corporation of Cutlers, in the Lordship and Liberty of in the County of York, established by an Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, which was presented to the House upon the Twentieth Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Buncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, See,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rawlinson presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lame, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to -

ftrrHall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly j and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster , and clear the

«C

fame of all Stranger*, and summon the Members there) if arty, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediatelyj and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over* and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pbelips reported from the Committee, to whom BuckUnd the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the parted. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from Buckland " Drnbamto the End of the Parish of Timsbury, and

also the Road from Midfomer Norton, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Philip, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from fVellow, to a Place known by the Name of The Red Pofti in the County of Somerset and also, the Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, in the County of Somerset, were severally referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the first-mentioned Petition, except that the Notices were given in the Newspapers Once in the Month of September, and T^ice in the Month of October', and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said first-mentioned Petition (no Person having appeared in Support of the second-mentioned Petition) and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House) and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said first-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Miles being examined, said. That the Sum of £. 2,950 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which still remains due — That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinbam to the End of the Parish of and also the Road from Midfomer Norton to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from Wellow to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Pbelips and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereto Petition tjsinft subscribed, being Inhabitants of that Part of the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, of which the ' Foot Paths are intended to be paved, by a Bill now before the House, was presented to the House, and

read;

y° Mail.

329

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, Ordere, That there belaid before this House, an Account* of from the Votes, that a Bill is depending for lighting Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Hoiifes and £'rt'*"o°f and watching the Town of Chelmsford, and Hamlet Windows were Handing out on the 5th of January Hoofesand o(Moulsham, and for paving the Foot Paths of Part 1789, under their respective Heads; distihguishing

each County. remaining »if

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an '»« Hand* of Account of what Monies remained in the Hands of Gen*l<aC|e,e,* the respective Receivers General of the Duties upon ordered.’ Houses and Windows on the 5th of January 1789; together with the Totals.

of the said Town, and for preventing and removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein; and that the -said Bill, so far as respects the lighting and watching the said Town and Hamlet, and preventing and removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, will be of general Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Hamlet, but the Foot Paths of the said Town do not require paving, as in the said Bill is proposed, and the Pavement thereof, in such Manner, will be a very great and unnecessary Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and extremely burthensome to many of them who are not of Abilities to pav any additional Abates,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lords

Walker; will proceed

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further ini the Trial of Warren llafiings, Esquire, on 'Tuejdcy

the present Rates of the said Parish being already, very Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster heavy: And therefore praying, That they may, be Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

'U.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Catholic Dissenters of was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That Sentiments unfavourable to the Petitioners, as Citizens and Sub-Paflfages, and Places within the Town of Chelmsford, jests, have been entertained by Protestants,

and Hamlet of Moulsham, in the Parish of Chelmsford, and the Petitioners are subject to various Penal Laws in the County of Essex, for cleansing, lighting, and on Account of Principles which are asserted to be watching the said Town and Hamlet, and forremov- maintained by the Petitioners, and other Persons of ing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and En- their Religion, and which Principles are dangerous to croachments therein, is committed; and that the Pc- Society, and totally repugnant to Political and Civil

heard, by themselves or Counsel, again!! that Part of the said Bill which respects the paving the Foot Paths of the said Town passing into a Law, unless under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem right.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the Footways of the several Streets, public

Catholic

Distcntoi

Petition*

Cole&il! Road* Bill presented*

titioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.’

Mr. Gilbert presented to the Hqufe, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms of Three Acts, made in the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Colejhill,through the City of Lichfield and the

Town of Stone, to the End of the County of in the Road leading towards Chester, and several othqr Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield, and for making more effectual Prp-vision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and

Liberty; and that the Petitioners think it a Duty which they owe to their Country, as' well as to themselves, to protest, in a formal and solemn Manner, again!! Doctrines that they condemn, and that conlti-tute no Part whatever of their Principles, Religion, or Belief, and they are the more anxious to free themselves from such Imputations, because divers Protestants, who profess themselves to be real Friends to Liberty of Confidence, have nevertheless avowed themselves hostile to the Petitioners, on Account of the Opinions which the Petitioners arc supposed to hold, and the Petitioners do not blame those Protestants for their Hostility, if it proceeds (as the Petitioners hope it does) not from, an intolerant Spirit in Mattery of Religion, but from their being mifin-formecFas to Matters of Fad: That the Petitioners acknowledge, that they should merit the Reproach of being dangerous Enemies to the State, if.it were true that they had adopted the Maxims that are erroneously imputed to them, but the Petitioners deteft those unchristianlike and execrable Maxims; and the Pe-

other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of titioners federally claim (in common with Men of all

Stafford: And the same was received;

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member added

to bring in Llanfyllin Market House* See. Bill.

and read the other Religions) as a Matter of Natural Justice, that they ought' not to suffer for, or on Account of, any wicked or erroneous Doctrines that may have been holden, or that may be held, by any Foreign Roman Catholics; which Doctrines the Petitioners publicly disclaim, any more than any of the British Protestants

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert be added to the Gentle men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,;

Bill for re-building the Market House of the Town of ought to be rendered responsible for any dangerous

Llanfyllin, in the County of , and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof by Sale of certain Waste Lands in the Townships of Globwlcb and Bacbiau, in the said County.

Llanfyllin Market House, &c. Bill presented.

Doctrines that may be held by any Foreign Protestants, which Doctrines they the said British Protestants disavow — ift. That the Petitioners have been accused of holding, as a Principle of their Religion, that Princes excommunicated by the Pope and Council, or by Authority of the See of Rome, may be Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to deposed or murdered by their Subjects or other Pep-Order, a Bill for re-building the Market House of the fons, but so far is the above-mentioned unchristianlike Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of Montgomery, and and abominable Position from being a Principle that for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Petitioners hold, that they reject, abhor, and deteft the Expence thereof by Sale of certain Waste Lands it, and every Part thereof, as execrable and impioup, in the Townships of Globwlcb and Bacbiau, in the said and the Petitioners do solemnly declare, that neither

County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. XUV.

the Pope, either with or without a General Council, nor any Prelate, nor any Priest, nor any Assembly of Prelates or Priests, nor any Ecclesiastical Power what-

4 P ever.

33°

Maii. A. lySy.

ever, can absolve the Subjects of this Realm, or any of them, from their Allegiance to His Majesty King George the Third, who is by Authority of the Legifla-turc the lawful King of this Realm, and of all the Dominions thereunto belonging — adly. That the Petitioners have also been accused of holding, as a Principle of their Religion, that implicit Obedience is due from them to the Orders and Decrees of Popes and General Councils, and that therefore if the Pope, or any General Council, should, for the Good of the Church, command the Petitioners to take up Arms against Government, or by any Means to subvert the Laws and Liberties of this Country, or to exterminate Persons of a different Religion from the Petitioners, the Accusers of the Petitioners assert, that the Petitioners hold themselves bound to obey such Orders or Decrees, on Pain of eternal Fire," whereas the Petitioners positively deny that they owe any such Obedience to the Pope and General Council, or to either of them, and the Petitioners believe, that no Act, that is in itself immoral or difhoned, can ever be justified by, or under Colour, that it is done either for the Good of the Church, or in Obedience to any Ecclesiastical Power whatever: The Petitioners acknowledge no Infallibility in the Pope, and they neither apprehend nor believe, that their Disobedience to any such Orders or Decrees (should any such be given or made) could subject the Petitioners to any Punishment whatsoever: That the Petitioners do solemnly declare, that no Church, nor any Prelate, nor any Pried, nor any Assembly of Prelates or Priests, nor any Ecclesiastical Power whatever, hath, have, or ought to have, any Jurisdiction or Authority whatsoever within this Realm, that can directly or indirectly affect or interfere with the Independence, Sovereignty, Laws, Conditution, or Government thereof, or the Rights, Liberties, Persons, or Properties of the People of the said Realm, or of any of them, save only and except by the Authority of Parliament, and that any such Assumption of Power would be an Usurpation — 3dly. That the Petitioners have likewise been accused of holding, as a Principle of their Religion, that the Pope, by virtue of his Spiritual Power, can dispense with the Obligations of any Compact or Oath taken or entered into by any Person of the Religion of the Petitioners, that therefore no Oath of Allegiance, or other Oath, can bind the Petitioners, and confe-ouently that the Petitioners can give no Security for their Allegiance to any Government: That the Petitioners admit that this Concludon would be just, if the original Propofltion upon which it is founded were true, but the Petitioners positively deny that they hold any such Principle, and they do solemnly declare, that neither the Pope, nor any Prelate, nor any Pried, nor any Assembly of Prelates or Priests, nor any Ecclesiastical Power whatever, can absolve the Petitioners, or any of them, from, or can previously or subsequently dispense with, the Obligations of any Compact or Oath whatsoever — 4thly. That the Petitioners have also been accused of holding, as a Principle of their Religion, that not only the Pope, but even a Pried, has Power, at his Will and Pleasure, to pardon the Sins of Persons of the Religion of the Petitioners, and therefore that no Person of the Religion of the Petitioners can pofiibly give any Security for his Allegiance to any Government, inasmuch as the Pope, or a Pried, can pardon Perjury, Rebellion, and High Treason: That the Petitioners acknowledge also the Judness of this Conclusion, if the 'Proposition upon which it is founded were not totally false but the Petitioners do solemnly declare that, on the contrary, they believe that no Sin whatever can be forgiven at the Will of any Pope, or of any Priest, or of any Person whomsoever, but that a sincere Sorrow for pad Sin, a firm Resolution to avoid future Guilt, and every pofliblf Atonement to God and the

injured Neighbour, are the previous and indispensable Requisites to establish a well-founded Expectation of Forgiveness — .$thly. That the Petitioners have also been accused of holding as a Principle of their Religion, That«« Faith is not to be kept with Heretics," so that no Government, which does not profess the same Religion as the Petitioners, can have any Security from the Petitioners for their Allegiance and peaceable Behaviour — That; the Petitioners reject, reprobate, and abhor, the Doctrine, that Faith is " not to be kept with Heretics," as being contrary to Religion, Morality, and common Honesty, and the Petitioners do hold, and solemnly declare, that no Breach of Faith with, or Injury to, or Hostility against, any Person whomsoever, can ever be justified by Reason of, or under Pretence that, such Person is an Hesaaic or an Infidel; and the Petitioners further solemnly declare, that they do make this Declaration and Protcftation, and every Part thereof, in the plain and ordinary Sense of the Words of the fame, without any Evasion, Equivocation, or Mental Reserva-tien, whatsoever, and the Petitioners conceive that they who thus solemnly disclaim and from their Hearts abhor, the above-mentioned abominable and yn-. christianlike Principles, ought not to be put upon

Level with any other Men who may hold and profess those Principles: And therefore praying, That the House will grant such Relief to the Petitioners as the House shall deem to be j uft.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Total Number of Houses in England w A

and Wales charged or chargeable with the Duties on Duty, and of Houses, Windows, or Lights, as also of the Total Cott»g« Number of Cottages exempted from Payment of the ordered. Duty, according to the lad Survey j together with an Account of the Total Number of Houses throughout Scotland chargeable to the Duties on Houses and Windows.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accost of Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Fundo^wli Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th Day of April 1789.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Counfci beard Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Retdm^of Navigable Canal from or near Cromford , in the Cromford County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Clntl BiI1* Erewash Canal, at or near Langley in the

Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them; and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the County of Derby, and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of Selfton, in the County of Nottingham

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whole,

Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled, «« An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge,in the County of " Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or nea Mill,in the said County," and the other passed in

the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’* Reign, and intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and Power* of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the 2 " Reign

a

a

7° — 8° Mail.

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from " Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the " Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said «« County}" and also, the Petition of Thomas Evans, Esquire, Samuel Fox, Esquire, William Stretton, Gentleman, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of the Navigation from the Town of Derby, on the River Derwent, to the River Trent, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making " the River Derwent, in the County of Derby, navi- gable/’ and also, the Petition of the Right honourable Charles fc'arl of and the humble Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and also of Thomas Evans, Esquire, Jedediab Strutt, Esquire, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Mills situateon the River Derwent, in the County of Derby; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Derby and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed} and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Erewash Canal, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Five first-mentioned Petitions was heard, and examined several Wirncflcs in Support of the said Petitions, and went through his Evidence,

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Erewash Canal was also heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through his Evidence.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Morning

next.

frtition from A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of Lelcef- Borough of Leicester,in Common Hall assembled, itr in favour was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigation from Bijhcp’s Meadow, near the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Towns of Leicester and Melton Mowbray, in the said County: And praying, That the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 8® Maii;

Anno 49* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1789.

Praters.

Shiddon Gate OIR Henry Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulajide, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binjey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck,in the County of Cumberland, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the

Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appointing additional Trustees.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of James Mansfield, of the Middle Temple, Petition from Esquire, John llingeston, Esquire, and John Matthew

Grimwocd,of Lincoln’s-Inn, Esquire, was presented to against Ando-the House, and read; Taking Notice of the^Jill for »<» Canal RiU. making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of Andevor,in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Mill-brook, in the said County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner James Mansfield is Owner of a valuable Corn Mill, situate in the Parish of Lower Clatford, or Gcodworth Clatford, in the said County, and the Petitioners, the said John Hingefon and John Matthew Grimwood, are Trustees of the Estates of Christopher Rawlin/on, Esquire, and John Rawlin/on, M. D. and of the Infant Son of the said John Rawlin/on, and as such Lords of the Manor of Upper Clatford, in the said County; and that Part of the said Estates of the Petitioners John llingeston and John Matthew Grimwood consists of Three valuable Mills, in the Parishes of Andevor and Upper Clatford, and of several extensive Meadows and other Lands, in the Neighbourhood through which the said Canal is proposed to be made, containing upwards of a,oooo Acres, and if the said Bill should pass into a Law, che Estates and Property of the Petitioners, and particularly the Mills and Meadows belonging to them, will be very much injured by the Streams and Springs, which now supply the fame, being taken for the said intended Canal:

And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Resident Traders, Petition from and other Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, was pre- fh"'^tkenf fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That ind Pedlar!! by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade, several Regulations were made, and intended to be for the Benefit of the Shopkeepers and Resident Traders of this Kingdom, and, amongst others, a Power was given to the Justices of any County or City, being a County of itself, or Town, being a County of itself, in England and Wales, to make an Order at their Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, to prevent any Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, or other Trading Persons, from vending their Goods in such County, City, or Town, under a Penalty of f. 10, which Power, the Petitioners apprehend, hath not had the desired Effect, they having been informed, that in the County of Cornwall such Order was made by the Justices at their Michaelmas Sessions, as required by the said Act, and one Hugh

Moore,

332 8 0 Maii.A. 1789.

Moore, of Sheffield, in the County of York, a Hawker and Pedlar, was convicted in £. 10 for felling Goods at a Fair, held at Saint in the said County,

contrary to the said Order of Sessions, but some Doubts arising on the Clause in the said Act, a State of the same was agreed on, and laid before an eminent Counsel, who gave it as his Opinion, That the said Hugh Moore was not liable to pay any Penalty for felling his Goods in any public Mart, Market, or Fair, notwithstanding the Justices had made the said Order; and that, by the Tenth Clause in the said Act, it is enacted, " That nothing therein contained " Should extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder any Person or Persons from felling, or exposing to Sale, any Sorts of Goods or Merchandizes, in " any Public Mart, Market, or Fair, but that such " Persons might do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making the said Act," by virtue of which Clause, the Revenue is greatly injured, and not only the Duties payable by the before-mentioned Act, but also those payable by the Act of the Ninth and Tenth of King William, greatly evaded by those Itinerant Traders, as great Numbers of them now travel from one End of the Kingdom to the other, felling their Goods without taking out any Licence, alledging the y are not by Law obliged to take a Licence, as they fell in Fairs and Markets only, on which Account they escape from Conviction, as Fairs or Markets are held almost every Day in the Week, in different Towns throughout such Parts of this Kingdom as they think proper to travel; and that the permitting those Itinerant Traders on Market and Fair Days felling Goods, either defective, or made on Purpose for such Sale, is a very great Injury to the Resident Traders, who are thereby prevented from disposing of their Goods, in the Manner they other-wile would, to enable them to discharge the Burthens of the State, the heavy Relit of Houses, and the Duties and Offices they are obliged to undertake in the City or Town in which they reside (none of which these Itinerants are liable unto): And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and prevent Hawkers, Pedlars, and all Petty Chapmen, under such Description, from coming into any City or Market Town to fell their Goods on Market or Fair Days, or at any other Times, to the great Injury of the Resident Trader, and to grant the Petitioners such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

OrderedThat the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Buckiand Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to B.ii prucntedl Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eighth Year of H is present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckiand Dinbam to the End of the Parish of Timflury, and also the Road from Norton

to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from Wellowto a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rovai Ex- Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to change AiTu- Order, a Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance rented.' pr*" of Houses and Goods from Fire, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and fell Annuities, upon or for any Life or Lives: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

oj.hamlnclo- Mr. Thijllctbwayte reported from the Committee, fur*ied'11 re* to whom the Bill for dividing, alloting, and inclosing, l>°' the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs,

Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings of Odiham. Northwarnborough, Hillftde, Rye, and Stapely, in the Parish of Odiham, in the County of Southampton, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Newton Ogle, Doctor in Divinity,

Dean of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Winchester, on Behalf of himself, and of the Chapter of the same Church, and also the Petition of Richard Moore, Esquire, Lessee under the said Dean and Chapter of certain Estates in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Newnham presented to the House, Baker* Com-according to Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Powers, p1*

and limiting the Jurisdiction, of the Matter, Wardens, *nU and Assistants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of ’a Baker, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish " Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flppr, or " Bread And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf p^vision'to of themselves and others, exercising that Business Pawnbroker* within the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the Bili* House, and read} Setting forth. That a Petition hath been presented to {he House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make perpetual Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers; and that, the Petitioners conceive, instead of making the said Acts perpetual, as they now (land, it is expedient that the said first-recited Act Should be amended and altered in certain Respects, and that, subject to such Amendments and Alterations, it will be for the Benefit of the Trade, and of public Utility, that the said first-recited Act Should be made perpetual: And therefore praying. That in the Bill so prayed for by the said Petition Provision may be made for amending and altering the said first-recited Act in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of themselves and others, exercising that Business within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality,

That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition now presented.

A Bill

29 Geo. m. 8Mm.

333

Cork Kiim- A!Bi1! for applying the Sum of £. 1,000, out of 'the unrxhaufted Balance or Surplus, arising from the i*d. c*mraK* forfeited Ed arcs in North Britain, towards completing ana finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pats of Cockbum/path, in the County of Berwick, was read a: Second Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole H'uife.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 18th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open or Com- Heimnington mon F'ields, Meadow, Puftures, and Waste Grounds, Inc|ofyreBiil within the Manor or Lordship of Hemmington, in the committ Parish of Lockington, and County of Leicester, was read

a Second Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. gerford, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rohm* Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, to whom

uijuJ8'11 Bill to enable Arthur Annejley Roberts, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Wifi of John Powell, F.squire, deceased, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

PdltJon for Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, to whom

Duk.ng The Petition of Jacob Earl of , Owner of an

FUct'stRtMo Eftace in the Precind of Fryers, in the City of

Temp'e street London, was referred; That the Committee had exa-

Lmre*, W ed m'nc^ Matter of the said Petition; and had di-

rtrded htrn to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Pilkington Inring examined, said, That the laying out and making a commodious Street for Carriages and Passengers, from or near a House in the Occupation of flarmier Man’s Mercer, in Fleet

Street, in the City of London, to a certain Street called Temple Street, leading to the Inner Temple, and also another Street or open Passage from the said new Street, in or towards a certain Street called Water Lane, would be of great Convenience to the Society of the Inner Temple, and to the Public in general, and a considerable Improvement of the Estates of the Owners of Lands and Houses within the said District. And the Witness further said. That when the said new intended Streets are opened and made, several of the Passages leading in or through the said Precind will be rendered unnecessary, and that the (hutting up the same will be of no Inconvenience to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to Temple Street, in the City of London, and also a public Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane, and for (lopping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and setting out others near to or communicating with such new Street and Passage: And that Mr. Bouverie and Sir James Tylney Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bnmlev In- A Bill for dividing and iftclosing the Commons dofureSiii and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Township of commute. Sramfey,rrr the Parish of and County of Turk,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be cbrtvmitfed to Mr. fi Botnar Stanley, Mr. buncombe, &c‘.And they ale to

Vol. XLI V.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Cold KirkEjr Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inefe°nr^[8,11 Fields, Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cold Kirkby, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Bridlington whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of HubourBiU several Acts, paired in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Kin'g William the Third, and in the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-fixrh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish of Petition SaintP,vicras, in the County of and of fe- j5na»»Sp»v-

veral of the Inhabitants within the same Parish, was ingBiil. prefenred to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, lighting, cleaning, watering, and watching the Streets, and other public Places, within such Part of the said Parish as lies on the North and South Sides of the new Road leading from Paddington to I/lingtcH,called Sommers Town, and for preventing

Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and Setting forth. That some of the Provisions contained in the said Bill will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be very inconvenient and injurious to them, and to many, other of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now (lands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counfei, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be inconvenient or injurious to them, and that they may have such Relief as to the House shall appear reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counfei, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counfei to be heard, at the same Time, in p'avour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Hawker* and Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- JjJShJJJ1

4 CL jesty.

The LorJ$ hive agieed to

Stokenchurch Road Bill.

Stafford, Nantwich, and Chester Road Bill.

V/anfVatl Church Bill*

Foifar Roads Bill.

Perth Roads Bill.

Grooby Involute Bill.

!>«chfont and Bcechir gitoke Inclulurv t5dl.

3 eft/, intituled, ,( An Act for granting to His Majesty ,c additional Duties oh Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty " Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," was read a Second Time.

RefolvtdyThat the Bill be committed.

Rejolvti, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejolvtd, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.' Hclford and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of ,to Wheatley

Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enjloiv , and from Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Beg-

broke, to New Woodstock, in the said County, and for

making, amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Cheyr.ey Lane up Headington Hill, to join the present Enjlow Branch of Road in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Chey-ney Lane and Shot over Hill, to the West End of the

Town of Wheatley, and for amending and widening the Road from the West End of the said To>^n to the said Enjlow Branch of Road -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford,in the Poll Road towards the City of through Woor, in the County of , to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarpon ley, and from -thence through , in the said

County of Chester, to the said City of together

with a certain other Road therein mentioned, so far as relates to the First District of the said Roads } without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for re-building the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary U, alias Wanstead, in the County of Ejfcxj without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same i without any Amendment: And also.

The lyjrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth } without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Pields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Crorby,in the Parish of Ratby, and County of

Leicester-,without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Urchfont and Beech. ngjloke,in the County of Wilts’, without any

Amendment: And also,

3

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Biiito»uth*. Act to enable His Majesty to authorize, in same of ^ratioooof Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian p rovilions into Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories Qffbee» belonging to the United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mechen ifcocd Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Mechen fore Bill.

If coed, and Plas y Dinas,in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An _Wh*tt©o Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and nKnt». Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wbatton, in the County of Nottingham-, with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, TheLwh

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act h«»e passed for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Bazil Fiufcerbeitt Fitzherbert, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for Estate Bl11, applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Parts of the settled Estates remaining unfold; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of thisHouse: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Moiand’* enable Richard Moiand, Esquire, natural Guardian of Eftl,e Bl11* his Infant Daughters, Elizabeth Moiand, Anna Maria Moiand, Latitia Martha Moiand, and Margaret Lucy Moiand, and, in case of his Death, the future Guardian or Guardians of his said Daughters, during their Minorities, to grant Building Leases of One undivided Moiety of certain Lands, in the Parishes of mingham, and Aston near Birmingham, in the County of

Warwick, and to lay out convenient Streets, Ways, and Passages, to the Buildings to be erected thereon to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for SUney't Edit* vesting divers undivided Parts of certain Estates in B, Staffordshire, the settled Property of the Reverend Jonas Slaney, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in entire Estates to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Confrderation LordeAmend-the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open cloforeBiU* and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common greedw. Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wbatton, in the County of Nottingham,

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. 8. 1. ao. Leave out " several."

1. ai. Leave out from " out " to " in " in Line 22.

1. 31. After " proper " insert so that the " Part or Share thereof to be set out and allotted to the Vicar of the said Parish be, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners,

of the Annual Value of Thirty Pounds at the least, and fi> de- dared by them."

And the House being informed. That the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second

Timcj.

Molind'f State Bill md.

Righworth Poor Bill committed*

Dwitooln-dofure Bill coamittfd*

Time j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Moland, Esquire, natural Guardian of his Infant Daughters, Elizabeth Moland, Anna Maria Mo land, Leetitia Martha Moland, and Margaret Lucy Moland, and, in case of his Death, the future Guardian or Guardians of his said Daughters, during their Minorities, to grant Building Leases of One undivided Moiety of certain Lands, in the Parishes of Birmingham, and Aftoa near Birmingham, in the County of Wanvick, and to layout convenient Streets, Ways,

and Passages, to the Buildings to be cre&ed thereon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Highworth, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. He-neage, Mr. Bouverie, fice.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for. dividing, allotting, and incloHng the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. gerjord. Sir John Thorold, fire,: And they are to meet

-rim. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. ITuHgerJord be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Reverend John Myers, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Wybaton,in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, Robert Barlow* Esquire, John Betts, Esquire, James Whiting Torke, Esquire, the Reverend Wharton Partridge, Clerk, William John Peel, Robert Clijton, Benjamin Wade, and *

Jon Bothamley, Gentlemen, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the same Parish of Wyberton.

Mr. Hungerjord presentfcd to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of Wyberton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1788 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day of May 1789, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

Member added to bring in Wyberton Inclosure Eiil<

Wyberton Inclosure Bill presented.

Account of Dispofibon of Grants presented*

V*

An ACCOMPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1788 has been difp&fetf bf/'distinguished under the several Heads^until the 8th T5ay ol May

and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Defteieftcytthereupon.

rr, yL

D

(O'

I — h

n'

CD

Q.

CJ

O

o

0

00.

?r

SERVICES*

TFor Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 18,000 Men, including 3,860 Marmes, ffr#ta -the I lit Day of January 1788 - — — . > —

£ I For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officer*, for the Year 1788 — ~

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra1 Work stover *nd>

j above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1788 cw.. i

|^For defraying the Expences incurred by the Augmentation and Equipment of His Majesty’s Naval Forces, since the:18th bay* of

For cleansing and securing the Harbour of Cat<water and Sutton Pool, near Plymouth, in the County of Devon _ _ ' —

c 1 For Ordnance, Land Service - .

2 \ For Ordnance, Sea Service -;

For defraying the Expence incurred by the Office of Ordnance, on Account of the late Armament — -u--

For defraying the Charge of 16,982 effe&ive Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’a Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and strfey, including the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Chafcge^of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and of Allowances to be made ta Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Maffers, and for Serjeants, for the Year 1788 ——

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and those in Garrison at Gibraltar, including she ‘Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officer* and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing the Non-commissioned Officer* and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeon*, and ^e/jeants, for the

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments, of 7 Regiments and Com panic*3 of Foot, serving in North America, the West Indies, and the ljle of Man, for 366 Days, from the 25 th of December 1787 to the'24th of December 1788, both Days inclusive - — — 8,758 *‘14.

For the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in East'bidht, "

for the Y-ar 178-8 - > — .

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1788 — — - L

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 17^8 — -a —

For Allowance to the Paymaster General of the Forces, the Secretary at War, the Commisskry General of Musters, die ^Judge Advocate General, the Comptrollers of Army Accompts, their Deputies and Clerks, including the Contingencies of rtlei ^-Offices for the Amoont of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General5 and on Account of Poundage to be feturned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1788 ——

For defraying the Chage of Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Two Troops of Grenadier Guards, from the^£fh of December 1787 to the 24th of June 1788 — — — ‘ — — — — 'fi —

For defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Life Guards, from the 25th Day of June 1788 to the 24th of December f&lldnvirfg, both Days inclusive - —

For defraying the Chirge of the Compensation to be made to the several Reduced Officers of the Four Troops~bfHorseJGuards and Horse Grenadier Guards, from the 25th Day of June 1788 to the 24th Day of December following, bofti Bays fnf-

For defraying the Charge of re-paying to the Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guard* the Sum^rtfjpe&tfely p$8d by them on their Admission into the Troop* — — — — W —

*. d.

s

I*

889,^0^ .

:700,doo ——

.1600,5o<r~ .

75.^07 5 M

r. '*

'4fM°7 — 1 46,800-1 —

----- aa - -

1C*

59*>*37 10

— 3«5*% »9 »

!>.*$* 6

~ 28,490

Suinj'VofTedor granted. \ ’ Sinai psrid*

-£ s. d. £.

*.364.^07 5 |J a.isbo — — 2^48, ii8 5 9I

'484,^07 — 9 -484,507 — 9

v ( K,

H i 4 d

Remain, to be paid.

>6.489 — >i

1,060 — _

OO

O

OO

vo

g

cq‘

N

CD

Q_

cr

<5

o

r

♦ — i

<5

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentleman of the Two Troops of Horse Guardi rt* duc*J, an.1 to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Hors* Guards, for the Year 1788 — »

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty*® British American Forces for the Ye ir 1788 — — _ —

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty *s British American Forces, for the Year

For the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Ye,.r — — — _

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty* Land Forces *nd Marines, for the Year f *88 — _

For defraying the Charge ot Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commilftoned Officers, and Expences attending the fame, for the Year 1788 — ' - — . _

For defraying the Charge ot In and Out Perfumers of Chtlfra Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the

For defraying the Charges incurred by the la e Armament, so far as the same can at present be made up by the War

For defraying the Charge of Subsidy which will be due to the Landgrave of H'fft Caffcl, for the Year 1788, pursuant to

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred,

from the 25th Day of December 1786 to the 24th Day of December 1787, and not provided for by Parlia- £. /. el,

ment - — — 480.058 3 4

From which dedudl the Amount of Army Savings and Stoppages, in the Years 1786 and 1787 — 43,053 4 lo

*J 7 —

55.09* 10 —

4.907 10

3.30* >4 2

*7*>77^ 3 —

99;8 >4 3

*73.833 1 9

59,878 4 —

36»c93 *5 —

437,004 i8 6

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Neva Scotia, from the id of January 1778 to the ift Day of January

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, from the 24th Day of June 1788 to the 24th Day of

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the ill Day of January 1788 to the ill Day of

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of same Breton, from the 24th Day of June 1788 to the 24th Day of June

For^le?raying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the ill Day of April 1788 to the ill Day of April 1789 — — " ——

For defraying the Charge of supporting the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ill Day of January 1788 to the ill Day of January

For^defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda, or Somers JJlandi, from the 24th Day of June 1788 to the 24th Day of

For defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the id Day of January 1788 to the ill Day of

For defraying ^the Charge of the Civil Establishment in New South Hales, from the 10th Day of Oficber 1787 to the loth Day of October

For defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1788 — —

Towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year 1788 ——

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements 00 the Coast of Africa ——

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint, in the Year 1787 — < ——

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty*s Orders, in pursuance of Addresses ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Mjesty’s Order, pursuant to Address, for carrying on and completing the Works at Carlton HouJ'e — — — — ' - —

To make good to His Majesty the like Stun which has been issued by His Majesty’s Order, pursuant to Address, for the Purpose of discharging the Debt of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales - ~ "

In full of the Sum of f. 161,000, which by an Address His Majesty was desired to issue, for the Purpose of discharging the Debt* of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales — ' ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued from His Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty* Service Abroad, since the 5th Day of January 1787 - — — — *"*"

2,038,85* 11 8

5,845 6 —

4,300 ——

1,900 — — 2,100 — — i»i8* 10 —

4,080 — —

580 — —

600 — . —

2,877 to — 4,000 — — *

25.000 -

13.000 — — .

*4.*45 5 H

1.394 6 8

»7>4y& *4 6

20.000 -- —

60,000 -

101,000 — 58,166 — —

2,038,85a it 8 5,845 6 —

4.300 — — . 1,900 — —

2,100 -- — .

*>18* 10---

4,080 — ---

580 — ---

2,877 —

2,000 — —

5,000 --- —

13.000 — — *4. *45 5 H

i,394 6 8

17,496 14 6

20.000 — —

60.000 — — 101,000 — —

58,166 — —

600 — —

2,000 — —

20,000 — —

i9 Geo. III. Mali

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

To make pood to HI. Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Corson, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of Allowaoeet for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officer*, and other* who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty* Government — — — ,

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum ifl'ued to Ditto, to be applied as a present Relief, and upon Account, to such Persont who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, as have given satisfactory Proofs of their Losses to the Commissioners appointed by an Act 23* GeoH j*M, in a Proportion, not exceeding £. 40 per Cent. to those who bore Arms, and £. 30 per Cent. to such others of the said Persont as were resident in America during the late War ' — > — - —

To make g*»od to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Ditto, to be by him paid over to Thomas Dntedae and Jeremy Pemberton, Esqutret, Commissioners for Amman Claims, for their Expeners in the Execution of their Commission, and also the Fees attending the Receipt thereof — —

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum ifl'ued to Ditto, to discharge Fees due to the late Attorney General, Secretary and Surveyor of Lands, and for Expences of surveying and laying out Lands in Nova Scotia, for Surveys of Land at Cape Breton, for Fees to Deputy Surveyors of Lands in the Bahama ljlamts, the Difference between Sterling and Currency on Two Bills drawn by Governor Pat erf on, for Expence of surveying Lands in the lstand of Saint John, and for Fees attending the Receipt thereof ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum ifl'ued to Ditto, to pay Bills drawn by Andrews Phillip, Esquire, Governor, and Andrew Millar, Esquire, Com miliary in Ne*w South Wales — — — . —

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Dunean Campbell, FJqoire, for confining, maintaining, and employing Convi£ts on the River Thames To make good to His Majesty the like Sum ifl'ued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for maintaining and guarding Convicts on Board the Dunkirk Hulk, in the Harbour of Namssu ——

T# make good to His Majesty the like Sum ifl'ued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to the Secretary of the CommUfioneri appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom - — — — _

To make good to His Majesty the tike Sum issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners, and also to the Commissioners, appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown — _ — — — *

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Mr. James Monatt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Sec*, received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and Contingent Expences in their Office — —

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued, in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren thftings, Esquire — — — — . — m —

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the Sufferers, by the Cession of Bast Florida — — _ — _ _ .

To be carried to the Consolidated Fund, the like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency of the Fond for paying Annuities,

granted A* 1758, on the 5th of January 1787 ——

— the like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities,

granted Anno 1778, on the^th of April 1787 — — —

— the like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities,

granted Anno 1780, on the 5th of April 1787 ——

— the like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities,

granted Anno 1783, on the 5th of April 1787 ——

— the like Sum paid out of the oinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities,

granted Annis 1784 and 1785, on the 5th of January 1787 „ ——

— the Amount of the respective Sums paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency, on the jth

of January 1787, of the Duties granted by Two Acts, of the 24th and 25th Years of His Majesty* Reign, for repealing the Duties on Tea, tofatisfy the several proportional Sums directed to be applied to make good the Loss to sundry Funds, as also the Loss to the said Sinking Fund, by the Repeal of the said Duties ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1786, at Lady Day 1788 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1786, at Michaelmas 1788 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1787 - —

To pay off and discharge the Principal Surnof/. 2,500,000, in Exchequer Bills, tnadgoot by virtue of an Act 27* Georgii 3th, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 178S, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same — — ~

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 27* Georgii 3tH, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year *788, together with the Interest and Charges attending the

To pay off an^ discharge the Principal Sum of^f. 1,500,000* in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other A & 27° Georgii 3tl*, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, fur the Service of the Year 1788, together with the Interest and Charges attending the

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them diilnbated and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of (he several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act *8# Georgii y* - — — ’

To be carried to — D#

To be carried to — D»

To be carri^l to - D®

To be carried to — D°

To be carried to D»

60.491 4

>4.aJ4 8 —

i/tti — 6

4,982 12 l

4.652 7 3

30,083 10

4-533 6 6

4,5*0 12 —

600 — —

5,000 — —

813 *3 6

8,058 *5 *

1,000 — —

21,816 3 6i

61,895 16 8J

*43.6*4 *3 10*

*7®,*44 10 —

76,362 8 — |

89,899 2 5i

166,125 *7 9

194,604 *3 4 i

63,671 18 H

2,566,020 3 4*

1,556,815 1 4

*558*5*4 2 1

480,0 00 — —

60,491 4

*4»*J4 1 —

4,111 — 6

*,98* 12 1

2,652 7 3

30,083 10

4.533 6 6

4*5»o 12 —

600 — —

5,000 — —

813 *3 6

8,058 *5 *1

1,000 — —

21,816 3 6*

68,895 16 8i

*43.6*4 13 10i

*78*44 10 —

76,362 "i

89,899 2 5i

166,125 *7 9

194,604 >3 4 i

4*5*4 >5 2

2,566,020 3 *

1,556,815 1 4

»,558*S84 2 >

— —

59*»57 3 — i

480,000 — —

00

'&%Li -fr ’ttPffl „8

To the said Governor and Company, in Reward for receiving the Contribution!, and paying the Prizes in the said Lottery, and for Discountt oa

For the Charge* and Expencet attending the preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates

To make good the Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of January 1789 ——

For the Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the Commissioners, for the Reduction of the National Debt — — —

1 1,614 10 4 12,000 — 112,101 9 8 1,436 2 6 1,614 4 7,300 112,101 9 8 I.436 1 6 u vo 0 1 w

12,666,412 13 6| 12,081,466 to 4 584,9^6 3 ij 0 I

WAYS and MEANS for answering the fame.

£. t. d.

2,000,000 — —

750,000 — -

589,16* 15

2,545,0°° ——

750,600 — — 3,500,000 — ---

2,000,000 — — 200,000 — "

By 4 per Lib. on Land.

By the Duty on Malt continued Ann* 1788.

Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5 th of April 1788.

Out of the future Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

By a Lottery.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids to be granted for the Service of the Year 1789.

By Exchequer Bills, charged farther on Ditto.

Remaining in the Exchequer of Monies granted for the Ufcof the Forces, in the Year 1786.

C* *

204.408 6

48,887 18

St 1

12,334,762 15 2i

331,649 18 3i Deficiency of Ways and Means*

12,666,412 13 61

Towards satisfying the Servicea unpaid.

There remains to be raised on the Consolidated Fond Of Lottery Contribaiions — —

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services

AW-.

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money it provided, are as follow $ via*.

For the late African Company’s Creditors — _

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. 19/. 1}/. — __

To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of and far Cent. granted Anna 17 8 5 — — _ _

For Army Services for the Year 1787 _ _

For Roads and Bridges in Scotland _ _

253.296 4 «®i

331,649 18 3J

OO

O

£ '

900 12 10

1 570 >7 7*

816 13 5i

57.336 9 74 9

1 1,004 — —

I 60,628 13 6J

Prtfcuted tk 8 th D17 of M*y 1789. by

IT. Sfttr.

O

cq'

N

CD

Cl

O

o

fi)

vo

54a

& Mai.

A. 1789.

Bill for re-pca'lingCounfy Elections Act rcpoited.

Committee appointed to consider of better securing the Right* ot Per ton* qualified to vote at County Eleftioni*

Pipers r? Tpefting an Inicft supposed to infeit American Wheat, referred to a Committee#

Ordered, That the said Account do He jUpon -the Table, to be perused by the Members of the poufe

Account of Produce of Excite on Salt in Scotland prefen ted.

The House

being

informed that

- - ebrds.

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power ^o fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-

Mr. Aicock.

from the Commissioners of the Custoips iA Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called ~inj; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanjt to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Product ©fEx-t. cife on Salt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, distinguishing the Sums paid out of the Gross Produce under each particular Head, from the jth of January 1788 to the 5th of January 1789, being the latest Period to which the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon t&e.Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Blackburne, according to Order, reported from, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at Courrty " Elections," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered- the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Tablfc t; Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upoit the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Captain Berkeley, Mr. Crewe, Sir Robert Salusbury , Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Powys, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Hencage, Mr. Nicholas; and all the Knights for Shires, and Gentlemen of the Long Robe in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House, by Mr. Chancellor of the Ex-quer, upon the 7th Day of April last, containing the Proceedings of His Majesty’s Moll Honourable Privy Council, and Information received respecting an Infeft supposed to infeft the Wheat of the Territories of the United States of America, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the ' Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Obfer- . various thereupon, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Steele, the Earl of Mr. Caret*,

the Lord Belgrave, Mr. Rose, the Marquis of J

Mr. Neville, Sir James JohnJione, Mr. , Mr.'J

A Hue bin, Mr. Eliot, Captain Berkeley, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ord, Sir John Aubrey, Mr. Crickitt; and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, ffent,

Sussex, Hants, Dor/el, Devon, Cornwall,

Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, neth, Carnarvon, Anglesey, Flint, Denbigh, Chester,

Lancaf.cr, Westmoreland, and Cumberland: And they arc meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine

2

Resolved, That, this House will, at -the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. J:

i The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of ,the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " jA.n Act for the well governing and " regulating of Corporations," might be read.

! And the fam^ was read accordingly.*

The House was ialfo moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles (the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dao-* gers which rqay happen from Popish Jlecufants," might be read. ‘

And the same being read accordingly *

A Motion was made* and the Question bting put, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as requires Persons, before they arc admitted into any Office or Place in Corporations, or having accepted any Office, Civil or Military, or Jany place of Trust tinder the Crown, to receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of England;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for the Yeas.

102.

'"Mr. Plumer, 1

The Lord Maitland: 3 1'Mr. George Augustus 1 North, > 122.

(Sir William Dolben: J So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Noes.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Bazil Fitzherbert, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from tho Sale thereof in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the: fame, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Parts of the settled Estates remaining unfold, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Amingrdfled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers undivided Parts of certain Estates in Staffo'rdshire, the settled Property of the Reverend Jonas Slaney and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in entire-Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.-

Refqlved, That the Bill b$ read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ling, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply,granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to.consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

House refo!v« to adjourn to Monday#

Motion for a Committee to consider of the Corporal on and Tett Aifu, Neg.

Fitzherbert's Ellate Bid read#

Slaney'sE&atc Bill read.

Ways and Means defer* red.

Supply deferred#

29 Geo. L

ir

Luna, 11° Maii 5

Anno 29* Georgii III. M Regis, 1789;

Prayers.

South JCiJ-woiih Indo-lure Rill com mated*

Od ham Indo*

fore Bi-1 passed*

34*

read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting additional Duties on Hawkers, Pc.dlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade, several Regulations were made, and intended to be for the Benefit of the Shopkeepers and Resident Traders of this Kingdom, and, amongst others, a Power was

AB I L L for dividing and inclosing the Open and given to the Justices of any County or City, being a Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of County of itself, or Town, being a County of itself, and within the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County in England and Wales, to make an Order at their of Leicester,was read a Second Time. (baelmas Quarter Sessions, to prevent any Hawkers,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hun- Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, or other Trading Persons, ger/ord, Mr. Pocbin, &c: And they are to meet this from vending their Goods irt such County, City, or Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Town, under a Penalty of £. 10, which Power, the Chamber. Petitioners apprehend, hath not had the desired Effect,

they having been informed, that in the County of An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Cornwall such Order waS nriade by the Justices at their ing t fie Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Michaelmas Sblfioris as required by the said Act, and

Wafie Lands, and other Commonable Places, within one Hugh in the County of the several Ty things of Odibam, Northwarnborough, a Hawker and Pedlar, was convicted in io for fel-

Hillfide, Rye, and Stapely, in the Parish of Odibam,in the ling Goods at a Fair, held at Saint Aujlell, in the said

County of Southampton, was read the Third Time. County, contrary to the said Order of Sessions, but Resolved, Thar the Bill do pass: And that the Title some Doubts arising on the Clause in the said Act, a be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the State of the same was agreed on, and laid before an Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste eminent Counsel, who gave it as his Opinion, that the Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the fc- said Hugh Moore was not liable to pay any Penalty for vcral Tythings of Odibam, Northwarnborough, Hi/fide, felling his Goods in any Public Mart, Market, or

Rye, and Stapely, in the Parish of Odibam, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Thijlletbwayte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition* from Proprietor* of Salt Work* in Cheshire and the Inhibi-tints of Kft* tning {in favour of the Soar, Ice. Navigation Bill.

Fair, notwithstanding the Justices had made the said Order; and that, by the Tenth Clause in the said Act, it is Enacted, " That nothing therein contained should " extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder any Person or Persons from felling, or exposing to Sale, any Sorts of Goods or Merchandizes, in any Public Mart, Market, or Fair, but that such Per-

A Petition of the Proprietors of Salt Works in the County of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set- fons might do therein as they lawfully might have ting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the done before the making the said Act," by virtue of Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House formak- which Clause the Revenue is greatly injured, and not ing the River Soar navigable, from its Junction with only the Duties payable by the before-mentioned Act, the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the but also those payable by the Act of the Ninth and Liberties of Garrenten, in the County of Leicester, to Tenth of King greatly evaded by those Iti-

or near Lady's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, nerant Traders, as great Numbers of them now travel or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, from one End of the Kingdom to the other, felling or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town their Goods without taking out any Licence, alledg-of Leicester, and for making the River Wreak naviga- ing the y are not by Law obliged to take a Licence, as ble, from its Junction with the River Soar, in or near they fell in Fairs and Markets only, on which Account the Lordship of Coffingtcn, to the River Eye, and for they escape from Conviction, as Fairs or Markets are malting such last mentioned River navigable to Mill held almost every Day in the Week, in different Cloje Homestead,in the Parish of Rlelt on Mowbray, Towns throughout such Parts of this Kingdom as they

in the said County: And praying, that the said Bill think proper to travel; and that the permitting those flnay pass. Itinerant Traders on Market and Fair Days felling

Another Petition of the Proprietors of Salt Works Goods, either defective, or made on Purpose for such in the County of Chester, whose Names are thereunto Sale, is a very great Injury to the Resident Traders, subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; who are thereby prevented from disposing of their Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the Goods, in the Manner they otherwise would, to ena-preceding Petition. ' ble them to discharge the Burthens of the State, the

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, heavy Relit of Houses, and the Duties and Offices and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Kettering, in they are obliged to undertake in the City or Town in the County of Northampton, whose Names are there- which they reside (none of which these Itinerants arc unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, liable unto): And therefore praying the House to take was likewise presented to the House, and read; Set- their same into Consideration, and prevent Hawkers, ting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, Pedlars, and all Petty Chapmen under such Descrip-that a Bill is depending in the House, for making the tien, from coming into any City or Town to fell their

River Soar navigable from its Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrenton, in the County of Leicester, to Leicester, and for making the Rivers Wreak and Eye navigable from the Junction of the said River Wreak with the Soar to Melton Mowbray, in the said County: And praying, That the said Bill, upon Examination of its Merits, may pass.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition from Creditor! sgainst the Hawker* and Pedlars*

Goods on Market or Fair Days, or at any other Times, to the great Injury of the Resident Trader, and to grant the Petitioners such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feeiri meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition* do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of ati Act, staddonOn* of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for re- Ko3d fii11 pairing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, pa ed*

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Resident Traders, near to the present Turnpike Road at Mula-

and other Inhabitants of the Town of Crediton, in the side, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, be-County of Devon, was presented to the House, and tween Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Vol. XLIV. 4 S Turnpike

Berwick St, June* and Filbert cm Anger Inclo-fore Bill reported.

Petition from Bradford,

T rowbridge, and other Placet, against Bath Streets, Ac. Bill.

Turnpike Road at Skill beck, in the County of Cumber-tend, was read the Third Time,

Refohtd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An A ftfor enlarging the Term of, and amending, an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Cate, near CarliJU, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulafide, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binjey Mires and North Raw to join the

Turnpike Road at Skill beck, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Rowland do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Sir James Tylney Long reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk*s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and Householders, of the Towns and Parishes of Bradford, Trowbridge, Melksham, and in the County of

Wilts, and Frejhford, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending before the House, at the Instance and on the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Bath, for the Purpose of enlarging and widening several Streets, Lanes, Courts, and other public Passages, and also to delign, make, open, and lay out, certain other new Streets and Passages, to render the Pump. Rooms and Baths of easier Access, and to form more commodious Communications between different Parts of the said City, and for raising the Expence of such Improvements by an additional Toll to be collected at the Turnpike Gates round the said City of Bath; and that the Petitioners cannot in the least be benefited by the intended Improvements of the said City, but that the Means of an additional Toll on the Turnpike Gates, by which it is intended to be effected, the Petitioners conceive will prove very partial and oppressive, and materially affect and injure them, as they have the greatest Part of the Raw Materials, used in their large and exten-five Woollen Manufactories, brought by Carriages, which unavoidably pass through and pay Toll at the Bath Turnpike Gates; and that the Petitioners at Bradford, Frejhford, Devizes, Melksham, and Corsham,

have as well their Raw Materials, as the Whole of the Coals consumed by them, brought by Carriages, which unavoidably pais through and pay Toll at the Bath Turnpike Gates; and that the Petitioners in the several Parishes of Bradford, Trowbridge, and Frejhford, have also their Lime for building and for manuring their respective Lands brought from the West Side of Bath, and which also unavoidably palfes through and pays Toll at the Bath Gates, and the Raw Materials made Ufc of by the last mentioned Petitioners in

their said Manufactories, and also the Coals consumed by the Petitioners at Bradford and Frejhford, unavoidably pass through and pay Toll at the Bath Turnpike Gates, but never enter the said City: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, and that such Relief may be given to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for protesting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from Injury by Encroachments and Annoyances, for enlarging or re-building the present Pump Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Puntp Rooms, more safe and commodious, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bouverie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for opening a new Street from Street to Temple Street, in the City of London, and also a public Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane, and for flopping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and setting out others near to, or communicating with, such new Street and Passage: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of the said Corn-million, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Parish, for apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain Expences incurred on Account of the said Parish, for discontinuing the common Ufc of the Burial Ground behind the Workhouse, and for making some Alterations relative to the Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish; and Setting forth. That the- said Bill is intended to give certain Authorities to the Committee of Paving therein mentioned, which directly, and very materially, interfere with and abridge the Powers with which the said Commissioners of Sewers are by Law inverted, and which, for the Benefit of their District, it is highly necessary they should retain, without Alteration or Diminution: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by them-felvesor Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the said Commission, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses, situate in Bond Street and Blenheim Street, and in Part of Stafford Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That Bond Street, Blenheim Street, and Part of Stafford Street, have been paved many Years ago by the General Commissioners for paving the several Streets in Westminster, by virtue of a certain Clause in an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, called the Optional Clause; and, in Consequence thereof, the Petitioners are charged with higher Rates than the Owners and Occupiers of

Houses

Bill for making Streets from Fleet Street to Temple Street, &c. presented.

Petitions from the Commissioners of Sewer* j and Occupiers of HouiesiuBood Street, &u. |

1 gain ft 9aiat George, Hanover Square Poor, Sic*

Bill,

Petition from fertral Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Hi* sorer Squire, &c. again if Saint George Hanorer Square Poor, Icc. Bill,

Highland Society Bill committed*

Loyne Kart*

gation pill committed.

4

29 Geo. III. n° Maii. 345

Houses within the several other Streets comprized in the said Bill; and that, as all the Streets within the said Parish have been new paved, the Petitioners apprehend they ought no longer to be charged with any higher Rates than are charged on the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in other Streets within the said Parish, and that the Debts incurred, and now due, on Account of paving the several Streets comprized in the said Bill, should be consolidated and made chargeable upon the Rates for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that they may have such Relief as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, and others, whoftr Names arc thereunto subscribed, being many of them the nearest Relations or Friends of Persons whose Bodies have lately been interred in the common Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, situate in Mount Street, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners feel the Impropriety of the present Application for discontinuing the Use of the said Burial Ground (which has for Time immemorial been consecrated Ground, and is situate in a Centrical Part of the said Parish) and are much affetted with Apprehensions on Account of the Bodies of their Relations or Friends, which have been deposited therein, being liable to be disturbed, and who were interred upon the Faith that such Ground would have continued to be used as the common Burial Ground of the said Parish, being, from its Situation, more convenient to the Inhabitants in general than the Place which is proposed to be appropriated for that Purpose i And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as authorize the discontinuing the common Use of the said Burial Ground, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the first and last mentioned Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before . the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Bill for appropriating the Sum of £.3,000, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh, to public Uses, in that Part of the Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of I.ancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Raw-linfon, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to inert this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of fhfe City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Nonce of the Bill for building a Bridge at dr near the Ferry Over the River from Selby, in thfe West Riding of thfc County of York, to the oppositfe Shore, in the Parish of Hemitigbtrough. In the East Riding of the said County of York} and Setting forth. That York is a very ancient and cohsiderable City, ih a Central Part of the extensive and populous County of York, and many Fairs, Marts, and Markets, are held in the said City, and the Cidzehs thereof arb entitled to various Privileges, by ancient Grants and Charters, and immemorial Usage, or otherwise , and that the Trade and Prolperity of the said City, not-whhstanding its Distance from the Sea, hath hitherto been in a great Degree supported by the Advantages arising from a free and fare Navigation for Verfefs of considerable Burthen to the said City, on Payment of very low Tonnage Rates, and by continuing the Roads and Communications thereto in their ancient and natural Course; and that the Petitioners are materially interested in the Welfare and Prosperity of the said City, and the Trade and Population thereof, and the Value of their Estates, Franchises, and Interests, held and enjoyed by ancient Charters, Grants, and immemorial Usage, very much depends thereon, and the Petitioners apprehend the same would be ef» fentially prejudiced and affected by the Erection of any Bridge cross the River Ouse, at or near And therefore praying, That the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners may be preserved, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that they majr have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Traders, Owners, and Masters of Ships and Vessels, and others!, resident in and near the City of York, on Behalf ol themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said City and Neighbourhood, was also presented to the House, and read $ likewise taking Notice of the said Bill 1 and Setting forth, That York is a very ancient City1, and the Number of Inhabitants resident therein, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, very considerable , and that the River Ouse has always been navigable from the River Humber to the said City, and such Navigation has been improved under the Authority of Parliament at a great Expence, so as to render it safe and commodious for Vessels of considerable Burthen, by Means whereof the Petitioners can have cheii* Merchandize and Commodities in the same Bottoms from London, and every Part of the Coalls of Great Britain; and that a Set of Vessels, from 100 to 15O Tons Burthen each, have been purpolely built, and have been for several Years past, and are now, constantly employed in the Trade between London and York, and another Set of Vessels have been and are now constantly employed in conveying Buttet and Bacon immediately from York to London; and the'fai4 City of York, and a great Extent of Country fof many Miles above the said. City, are supplied with Coals brought up the said River j and that the Petitioners apprehend the Navigation of the said Rivet Ouse, and the Trade of the City of York, and alt Places above Selby, will be materially injured by the Erection of any Bridge across the said River there, the Situation for which is very improper, the Court?’ of the said River above and near Selby being very* crooked, the Current of Water very rapid, and the Tide rising a considerable Heighth i, and that’

Vessels can now pass and re-pass there "at the fame*

5 Time,

Petitions from the Corporation; and Merchants, See* of York; against Selby Bridge Bill,

ie

Petition from the Trustct* of the Ouii Navigation, against Selby fridge BiJJ.

544

11° Mali. A. 1789.

Time, whereas, if a Bridge be erected with One or even Two Apertures, the Navigation will be greatly impeded, and rendered so extremely dangerous, aa in a great Measure, if not totally, to prevent Ships of so great Burthen navigating above Selby, and thereby oblige the Traders of the City of Turk to change Bottoms, or have their Goods lightered up for the Space of about 25 Miles, the Distance between the City of York and Selby by Water 5 and that, in August last, a Meeting was held* in pursuance of a

public Advertisement, at Selby, of about Fourteen Gentlemen only, being Owners of Estates, or resident in that Neighbourhood, respecting the building the said intended Bridge, and they appointed a Second Meeting on the 3d of October following; and that, on the id of that Month, a General Meeting of the Citizens of York, called by public Hand. Bills, was held at the Guildhall in the said City, at which many of the Petitioners attended, and several Persons were examined, and it was thereupon unanimoqfly resolved, that the building any Bridge cross the River

Ouse-, at or near Selby, would occassion much Trouble, great Delay, and imminent Danger to all Persons navigating Ships and Vessels through the fame, would be extremely prejudicial to the Navigation of the said River, and also be very injurious and detrimental to the said City and Neighbourhood, and to all Places having any Communication therewith, and that the same Should be opposed; and that a Copy of such Resolutions was delivered at the said Meeting, held at Selby on the Day following, to which Resolutions it was said due Attention should be paid, and that Meeting being adjourned to the 20th of November following, the Purport of such Answer was inferred in the Advertisement appointing the fame, and the same Meeting was further adjourned to the nth of December, which, the Petitioners believe, was the last Meeting held by Advertisement relative to the BuG-ness, but no Notice was ever given to any of the Petitioners, or their Solicitor, of what was intended to be done, nor have any Plans been Ihcwn or delivered; and it being afterwards reported (and understood by the Petitioners) that the Subscription for building the said intended Bridge was not filled, the Petitioners, for those Reasons, and from the Length of Time elapsed, apprehended the same would not be applied for during the present Session of Parliament: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by them-(elves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, that a reasonable Time may be allowed them to produce their Witnesses to prove the Dangers to be apprer hended therefrom, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names, are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for improving the Navigation of the River Ouf in the county of,

on Behalf of themselves and the other Trustees of the said Navigation, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the said Trustees are empowered to make the River Ouse more navigable for Ships and other Vessels, and to remove all Gravel Beds, and other Impediments whatsoever, which may hinder the Navigation either in failing or haling Ships or Vessels upon the said River, and are entitled to receive divers Tolls and Duties for Goods and Merchandize Conveyed upon the said River above a Place called Wharfs Mouth; and that the said Navigation hath been improved at a very considerable Expence, and particularly by the Erection of a very expenflve Lock and Dam, at the Distance of about Five Miles by

Water from the said City, in order to raise the Water in that Part of the River above the said Lock and Darn, and the Tide flows up to the said Dam, so that Vessels of considerable Burthen can safely navigate from the Sea to the said City; and that many Parts of the said River, below . the said Lock and Dam, are so shallow that any Interruption to the free Course of the Tide would materially prejudice the said Navigation, and occasion great Expence in deepening the same; and that about 1,900 Vessels pass through the said Lock to York Annually, and return through the fame* and the Petitioners apprehend the Erection of any Bridge at or near Selby would not only materially interrupt and stop the free Course of the Tide, but would also be very dangerous, and occasion great Delay to all Ships and Vessels having Occasion to pass through the fame, and would materially affedb the Trade upon the said-River above Selby, and greatly decrease the Tolls and Duties which the Petitioners are.authorized by Parliament to take as Trustees of the said Navigation: And therefore praying. That the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners may be preserved, that they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time j and the Two last mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms of Three Acts, Coieftiii made in the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth *oad‘ Bj!* Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads comm,tt from Colejhill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Ghtfler, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for re-building the Market House of the Lianfyliin Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of Montgomery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and de- mittwi. fraying the Expence thereof by Sale of certain Waste Lands in the Townships, of Globwlcand Bacbiau, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Sir Roger Mofiyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Bill for re-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for K1rn-?Co'iniy " the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified pJrej?n*

" to vote at County Elections," was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 27. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " shall" in Line 28.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House , and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

6 Resolved,

29 Geo. III. n ° Ma345

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections."

Ordered, That Mr. Blaek'bume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Normanby Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to re'rMrf*BU w^om Bill for dividing and inclosing. the Open repo and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of

manby, next Spittal, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Hotife, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trueand that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.;

The House being informed that Mr. , from Accou^f or the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,' pursuant rented.*" to their Order,

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th Day of April 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tifle of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

1

Vol. XLIV.

4 T

To

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th Day of April 1789.

O*

INCOME.

D*

D®

D®

D®

Consolidated Excise Duties < —

D® Customs — —

D* Stamps — —

Salt — —

Letter Money — —

Tax on Hackney Coaches and Chairs Tax on Hawkers and Pedlars Duties on Houses and Windows, granted A* 1766 Tax on Inhabited Houses, A" 1778 — Tax on Shops, — — —

Tax on Horses — —

Tax on Male Servants, A* 1785

Tax on Female Servants, — D# — Tax on Four-Wheel Carriages, D# —

Tax on Two-Wheel Carriages, D# — .

Tax on Waggons, — D° —

Tax on Carts, — D# —

*>394>®*3 ——

67 *>954 8 71

299,17° ——

89,627 17 7

73*°°o ——

7,500 ——

200 — — 58,428 3 4

26,713 16 2J

9»*76 13 1

*3>764 *0 4

*3»95° 5 5>3ao 3 *i 2i>753 *2 8* 4,447 18 — f 2.257 14 *} 2,330 14 11

CHARGE.

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities which were formerly charged on 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Three Months, due 5th April 1789 yths Excise, with D* ——

£3*700 perWeek, with D® ——

A* 1706 — D® ——

1707 — D® — — —

per 1 ft Act, 1708 'D® ——

2 Act, 1708 D* - —

on Two and Three Lives, formerly charged on yths Excise — —

Lives with Benefit of Survivorship ——

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

Annuity and Management on 24,065,084. 13. ni, their present Capital, for Three Months, due 5th April 1789 —

BANK OF.

Annuity and Management on £.32,750,000,4 per . Consol. Annuities, for 6 Months, due D® - —

D® — for 30 and 29 Years, by Acts 18 and 19 3'" Rs. — . —

D® — for long Terms, consolidated by several Acts of Parliament, for D® — Annuity and Management on £.37,340,073. 16 4 3 per Cent* Reduced Annuities, after

abating the Sum of £. 126 from the same, being after the Rate of £. 450 per Million for Management on the Principal Sum of £.560,000, purchased by the Commissioners appointed for paying off the National Debt, for 6 Months, due D® — — -

Annuities granted A?*777, for 10 Years, amounting to the Sum of £.25,000 which ceased upon the 5th of April 1787, and is to be placed to the Account of the above Commissioners, for D® ——

2,649

*5 7\

18 —

II 8

2 IO|

— 6*

*3 n

6 3t

18

*83.993 *3 5t

662,368 15 — 204,440 1

344,014 *2 2i.

568,376 10 5f 12,500 — —

11° Maii. A. 1789

17>587 i 3i

Tax of 1 s. per £. on Offices and Pensions —

Tax of 6d. per £. on all Payments from the Crown ——

Seizures of Uncustomed and Prohibited Goods —

Sheriffs Profers — — —

Fines of Leases — — —

Relit of Allum Mines — — —

Relit of a Light House — — —

Compositions in the Exchequer — —

Imprest Money re-paid by Daniel Macnamara, Esquire, Executor of Richard Rigby, Esquire, late Pay-master General of the Forces. — 30,000 — —

D* by George Ro/s and Alexander Gray,

Agents to the 3* 19, 35th Regiments — — — 274 2 3

t>° by Alexander Adair and 'Thomas Bullock, Executors of Henry Bullock — — —

D° by D°, Executors of William Adair __ __

D° by Lieutenant General Altrr late Commander of the Forces in South Carolina —

1,-298. 8 ni

249 7 8

— 112 15 3

D° by James MerricExecutor of

James Merrick, Esquire, late Agent to the 66th Regiment

— at 16

D* by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills _ ~ _

8,585 ——

1,568 6 3i 63 16 11

480 — —

6 13 4 268

"4 13 4

32>071 3

1

Annuities and Management of £.3,200,000, at 3 Cent, per Ann. for 3 Months, doe

X2th February 1789 —

Annuity on £.4,000,000, purchased of the South Company, for 3 Months, due 5 th

1789 — —

— £ .500,000, at 3 per Cent. — — —

— £.1,250,000, D* — — ' —

— £.1,7 so.oooo, D* — — —

— £. 986,800, D* ——

D<

D'

D

D

for D* D* D* D*

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

Annuity on 3,200,000, at 3 per Cent, per Annum for 3 Months, due 5th April 1789 D* — 1,000,000, D° — — D* __

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances, for 3 Months, due D° ——

Charles Bembridge, Esquire, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the

former Duties on Wine Licences, for 3 Months, due D* — -

More to him as late Messenger in the above Office — ' —

Ann Cajs, late Office Keeper in the above Office — _

The Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, due D* —

For the Support of His Majesty’s Household, for D* — —

His Royal Highness Will" HJDuke of Glcu, on his Annuity of

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

His Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland

The Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esquire —

The Earl of Chatham — — —

George Lord Rodney — — —

Lord Heathfield — — —

Le-jois Lord Sondes, late One of the Auditors of the Imprest,

Lord Cardiffe, D° ——

Philip Deare, Esquire — — —

John Wiggle/worth, Esquire — —

John Lloyd, Esquire — — —

Charles Harris, Esquire — — —

Sir W" Musgrave, Bart. John T. Batt and John Martin Leake, Esquires, Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on their Annuities of £. 1,000 each Sir John Dick, and William Mollefcn, Esquire, D° on D° £.500 each For Clerks, Contingencies, &c. in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, for D* — Lady Dorchester, Guy Carlton and ’Thomas Carlt, Esquires, on £. i,oooo for D° —

8.000 —

9.000 —

8.000 —

3.000 —

4.000 —

2.000 — 1,500 —

7.000 —

7.000 — 300 — 300 — 300 —

2CO

25,000 — -

30,4.74 to xoj 3,750 ——

9>375 ——

7,401 ——

24,000 — —

7,5oo ——

3,262 10 — 3* 10 —

162 10 — 224,500 ——

2.000 ——

2,250 ——

2.000 — —

75° ——

1.000 ——

500 — — 375 ——

i»75° ——

1,750 ——

75 ——

75 ——

75 ——

50 ——

750 ——

250 — —

1,500 ——

250 — —

uo

i9 Geo. Ill- ii° Mali.

Money paid by the East India Company on Account of the Expence of victualling the Navy, and the King’s Troops in India — — —

300,000 — —

D* received by the Right honourable William Titt from a Person unknown, for Conscience Sake/ and paid into the Exchequer ——

Money paid on Account of Licences for felling Tickets in the Lottery established in the Year 1787 ——

Arrears of the 40th 4J. Aid, 177 500 — —

D# of the 49 4 Aid, 1785 956 7 2f

D® of the 50 4 Aid, 1786 11,601 15 6\

360 — —

*>5*7 *3 4

D* of Land Tax, &c. by John JackJcn — — ——

*3>5°8 9

3,070,164 1 5

Exchequer, the iith Day of 1789.

Thomas Earl of Effingham, Mailer and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint In for the

Expences of the said Mint, for — — — D° __

The Ulher of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for Necessaries.

The Quarter ended 5th January 1788 — — — 340 8 —

5th April 1788 — — — — 344 16 3

5th July 1788 — — — 422 7 71

10th QRober 1788, — " — — 305 6 lof

U»

3,450 -

00

1,412 18 9

Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 5th April 1789 Surplus of D# — for Da _________________ — — —

Memorandum:

The above Sum of /.689,182. 1 — is to be applied to the

following Purposes;

By Cash to be applied by the Commissioners appointed by

Parliament for reducing the National Debr — 250,000 — —

By Calli to be applied in further Part of £. 2,545,000, granted for the Service of the Year 1788 — — 439,182 1 — i

689,182 1 —

2,380,982 — 4 J

689,182 1 — f

3,070,164 1 5

James Fisher,

ii° Mali. A. 1789.

Debtors Bill read a Second Time,

Report from Westminster Election Committee respecting Lord Maitland'* Ulnefc.

Royal Exchange Assurance Bill committed.

2p Geo. III. 11° — 12° Matt. 349

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Chamber.

A Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy A Bill for embanking and draining certain Fens Noflon and

and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Re- and Low Lands in the Parishes of Notion and Potter-gulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned banworth, in the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish Drainage Bill Debtors, was read a Second Time. of Bra in the County of the City of Lincoln, was committed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being read a Second Time, put. That the Bill be committed; Refo That the Bill be committed to Mr.

The House divided. hart. Sir &c.: And they are to meet

The Yeas went forth. v this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Tellers for the Yeas fMr’ BurZes> I 22 Chamber.

ieuers for the leas, |gjr William Toung:I

t- r 1, xt V Mr. Ord, 7 Q Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com- inftmaion

Tellers for the Woes, Vansittart:J 8* mittee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of and starch, by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present j His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further and it being then after Four of the Clock; " regulating and ascertaining the Importation and of Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without " and Places therein mentioned," is committed. That a Question first put, till Tomorrow. Morning, they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for Ten of the Clock. ascertaining the Price, and for regulating the Im-

portation, of Rape Seed, and the Exportation of ________________________________________ Starch.

A Petition of several Gentlemen of the Counties of Petition for Hereford and Gloucester, was presented to the House, provVfion'to and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, Ledbury by the Votes, that Application is made to the House, Roads Blll> for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and Representing to the

MR. Pulteney reported from the Selcft Com- House, That the Road leading from the Ledbury Turn-mittee, appointed to try and determine the pike Road, in the Parish of to The Stocks, in

Merits of the Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, the Parish of Castle Frame, being One Mile and Three Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the hundred and Seventeen Yards, or thereabouts, is in a Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the ruinous Condition,' but if the same was repaired, and City and Liberty of Westminster,paying Scotland Lot, put under the Management of the Trustees for repair-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors ing the said Roads leading from Ledbury, it would of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in open a more easy and nearer Communication between Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Leominster and Gloucester, and be otherwise of public Electors of the said City and Liberty, severally com- Utility: And therefore praying, That Provision may plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said be made in the said Bill for repairing the Road lead-City and Liberty; That the said Committee met this ing from the Ledbury Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Day at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjourn- Bosbury, to The Stocks, in the Parish of Castle Frome ment of Yesterday, and the Lord Viscount Maitland aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think (One of the Members of the said Select Committee) proper.

not attending, the Committee continued to fit for One Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Hour, and then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition Eleven of the Clock. of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution

And Mr. Pulteney informed the House, That he an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His had received a Letter from Doctor John Moore, ac- present Majesty, for continuing the Terms of several quainting him, that Lord Maitland, having been in- Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Led-disposed in the Night, sent for him this Morning, and bury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Doctor finds his Lordship in such a State of the Parish of in the County of

Health as renders it highly improper for him to at- and through Corse Lawn, tjll it meets the Road from tend the Committee this Day; but, with proper Care, Gloucester to Worcester, and of several Persons who have has good Hopes that his Lordship will be able to at- advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the tend at the usual flour Tomorrow. said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto severally

Then the said Doctor John Moore was called in* subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath as to the present the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame.

State of Lord Maitland's Health. as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Excuse, now made on Behalf of Sir George reported from the Committee, Hereford

the said Lord Viscount Maitland, for his Non-Attend- to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Ra->ds ance this Morning, be allowed; and that he have Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- tl0"lffK,"t' Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance selves and others, being Trustees empowered to put on the said Select Committee, in case his Health shall in Execution an Act, intituled, "An Act for enlarg-require it. " ing the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in

" the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late A Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance of Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into Houses and Goods from Fire, and their Successors, to " the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads grant, purchase, and fell Annuities, upon or for any (t to Llcincloudy Hill, and Langua ," was re-

Life or Lives, was read a Second Time. ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ho- that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of bart, Sir Henry Hogbton, &c.: And they are to meet Hpril 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com-Vol. XLIV. 4 U plied

Martis, 12° Mail;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

Morpctfi; and Nottingham j Dchroi* Pc»

tltlOli*.

Bridlington H.tibour Bill passed.

W>bcTton In. cNiluie Bill

COIIIII1111C (I

350 ii° MaiL 1789.

plied with in respect to the Roads described in the said Act, but that the Standing Orders had not been complied with in respect to the additional Roads described in the Petition, which do not exceed Two Miles in Length, except the Standing Order which requires an Estimate of the proposed Expence of making such additional Roads; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read i and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said A A was read: And,

Several Members present informed your Committee, That the Sum of 4,000 and upwards is owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said recited Acts be further continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

That the Road leading from the City of Hereford to Hoarwitby Passage, through the Townships or Parities

of Lower Bullinghope, Rotherwa Dinedor, Holm

Ballingham, Little Dewchurch, and ,is in a

ruinous Condition, and necessary to be amended and repaired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge j and also for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road leading from the said City of Hereford to Passage,

through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned: And that Sir George and Mr. Al-

derman Harley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in Morpeth Gaol, in the County of Northumberland: And also,

A Petition of the several Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaols or Prisons for the County o (Nottingham, and for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table*

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the Eirll, Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, fur re building, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of lork,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir fames Pennyrnan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dclire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging

to the Parish of IVyberton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinbam to the End of the Parish of Pimsbury, and also the Road from Midfomer Norton to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Pucker's Grave to the Road leading from Wellow to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pbe-lips, Mr. Call,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for ascertaining the Powers, and limiting the Jurisdiction, of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company, of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Bu-finess of a Baker, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall " adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bart, Mr. Alderman Newnbam, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for the preventing vexatious Removals, and for supplying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the Poor of this Kingdom, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-? ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

r

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westmin-fler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in WefnninHall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; anil, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages,

who

B upland Dinhain Road Bill com* mi tied.

Bakers Com* pany Bill committed-

Poor Removal Bill deferred.

Poor Relief Bill deferied*

Supply defer* ted.

Way* and

Means deferred.

Trial of Mr. Halting*.

Accounts, &c. respecting the Free Negroes font to Africa, prefen ted.

Account of Negroes imported into, and exported from Jamaica $ and of those retained in the Island, order, ed.

Westminster f Society Bill transmitted to a Seteft Committee.

Petition from Launceston a gain ft the Hawkers and Pedlars.

9 Geo. III. i z° MaiL 351

who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele presented to the House', pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Sums of Money granted for the Maintenance, Cloathing, and carrying the Free Negroes from hence to Africa: And also,

An Account of the Number of Negroes collected, and of those who actually embarked for Africa: And also,

A Copy of the Returns from Africa of the Number of Negroes now remaining on that Establishment.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper

were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to cpnfider of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Negroes imported into, and exported from, the Island of Jamaica: Also, an Account of the Number Annually retained in the Island, as far back as the same can be made up.


Ordered, That the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named 'The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of, Lives and Survivor-ships, be transmitted to a Select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Henry

ton, Mr. Huffey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Resident Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Dunbeved, otherwise Launceston, in the County of ’, was

presented to the House, and read; Praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and prevent Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, under such Description, from coming into any City or Town to fell their Goods on Market or Fair Days, or at any other Times, to the great Injury of the Resident Trader, and to^rant the Petitioners such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted Pastures, within the Township of in the

West Riding of the County of without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-fe-venth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts " of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by veiling the Properties thereof " in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for " a limited Time j" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through the Counties of Lanark and Renfrew; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render effectual an Act of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and County of between the Cam, otherwise Grant, , and Mil-denball Rivers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of Ifiebam, Fordbam, Soham, and Wicken, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called vested Lands, and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers,* towards supporting the Banks thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Negroes imported into, and exported from, the Island of Also, an Account of the Number Annually retained in the Island, as far back as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to considerof the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Honywood reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for

The Lords have agreed to

Langcliffe Inclosure Bill.

Cillicoe Printers Bill.

Renfrew Road a

Bill.

Ely Drainage Bill.

The Lordt will proceed on Thursday on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Account of Negroes imported into, and exported from Jamaica; and of those retained in the Island, presented.

Mailing Heath Roads Bill re-poited.

Day appointed

for Second Heading of Chel woi th lncioiurc Bill.

Petition from the Correlation of Bi'rtol against the A Hoi tien of the Slave Trade.

xz° Mali. A. 1789.

for repairing and widtning the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four IVents near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called Common, and Eighty-four Acres of Land in Greens and L.ancs, within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampjon, in the County of , be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the -20th Day of this Instant May,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Briftin Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observing, by the Votes of the House, that it is intended immediately to proceed to the Consideration of the several Petitions presented against the Slave Trade, and understanding it is the declared Purpose of the Introducers of such Petitions to move for Leave to bring in a Bill for the total Abolition thereof, cannot but feel themselves most seriously alarmed at the Consequences of so great an Innovation, which, should such a Bill pass into a Law, would be made in the System of Colonial Commerce and Cultivation: Under the Sanction which has hitherto been given to the African Slave Trade, it is that the Sugar Colonies have risen to such a State of Importance, as Sources both of Commerce and Revenue, and connected with this Trade, which was coeval with the first Settlement of the Colonies, have all their peculiar Customs, Laws, Modes of Living, and Cultivation, been gradually formed; the Petitioners therefore cannot but entertain the most serious Apprehensions of the Effects which mud follow a sudden and violent Check to the Means by which such Colonies have been hitherto supplied with the Labourers necessary to their Cultivation; and that, as Guardians of the general Interests of the Citizens of Bristol, the Petitioners consider it their indispensable Duty to represent to the House, that the West India Commerce, with its concomitant and dependant Manufactures, form by far the moll important Branches of the Trade, and from which the greatest Part of the Opulence of the said City of Bristol has been derived, and that on its Continuance the future Profperityof the Merchant, the Trader, and the Artificer, chiefly depend, the Petitioners arc fully convinced, by the bell Authorities from whence they could derive Information, that a total and sudden Stop to the Importation of Negroes from Africa into the Sugar Colonies would be fatal to those Colonies, destructive to the Interests of the City of Bristol, and highly injurious to the Prosperity of the Empire at large; yet they are well aware that Regulations may be adopted, as well in this Country as in the Colonies, for carrying on the said African Slave Trade, and for encouraging the native Population of the IFeft India Islands, as may gradually and effedu-

ally remove the Evils complained of, so that Time and progressive Experience may decide upon the Useful-

ness and Practicability of any new System, and that the Customs and Habits of Cultivation in the Sugar Colonies may, by Degrees, assimilate themselves thereto: And therefore praying, That after mature Deliberation, such Measures only may be adopted as the Interests of Humanity require, and as may not tend to hazard the great Commercial Concerns of the Kingdom.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Common- Petition fnw alty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, was yeen^Iere, also presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, B'rftol^giinft That the Petitioners think it their Duty to represent the Abolition to the House the very great and serious Apprehensions ^def*' they cannot but feel for the Commercial Interests of the said City, and of the Kingdom in general, on learning that, on the proposed Consideration in this House of the Circumstances complained of in the Petitions against the Slave Trade, a Motion is intended to be made for its total Abolition; and that the Trade to Africa does, in itself, constitute a very considerable Part of the British Commerce, and, if it should be abolished, the West India Colonies cannot be cultivated to their present Extent, but mull inevitably decline, and give a decided Superiority, both in Commerce and Naval Strength, to Rival Nations j and that the Welfare and Prosperity of those Colonies, depending on the Continuance of the Trade, and the Encouragement given to it, it becomes a great National Object not to be hazarded in an Experiment which, without the Concurrence of other Powers, cannot be of any Service to those it is intended to relieve; and that the numerous Gaffes of Planters, Merchants, Creditors, and others, whose Property will be injured, will have a Claim on the Justice of the Public for a Compenfa-tien, increasing the Burthens of the State, and at the same Time diminishing the Resources for their Discharge; And therefore praying, That the intended Measure piay not be adopted, but that, should the Interests of Humanity be thought to require further Regulations, they may meet that cool and dispassionate Enquiry which a Question of so much National Importance demands.

A Petition of the African Merchants and Traders of Petition from the City of Bristol, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, deeply Bristol agtinll impressed with the Anxiety they feel on being inform- 1)0 ed that, on the proposed Investigation of the Petitions against the Slave Trade, a Motion is intended to be made for its entire Abolition, beg Leave to represent, that both the Legality and the Importance of the Trade to the Commercial Interests of the Kingdom having been acknowledged by repeated Acts of the British Legislature during a long Series of Years, the Petitioners have embarked their Property in it to a very large Amount, and they conceive the public Faith Hands pledged to them by the Sandtion and Support which Government has hitherto given to this Branch of Commerce, and that if it be once admitted as a Principle, that the Property of Individuals may be lessened in its Value without a Compensation, it may be carried to the most alarming Extent, and they think it their Duty to Hate, that the Trade to Africa constitutes a very important Branch in the British Commerce, Annually employing at lead Two hundred Sail of Ships in the different Ports of this Kingdom, with valuable Cargoes, confilling in a great Measure of the Manufactures of this Country; and rhat the British Settlements in West Indies, those grand Supports of the Revenue, Navigation, and Commerce of the Kingdom, arc indebted to the African Trade for their present flourishing State, and are so closely connected with, and dependent on, the Importations from Africa, that they mull necessarily Hand or fall together; and that different European Nations have endeavoured to obtain a Share in this valuable Branch of Commerce, but particularly at this Time

the

Petition from the West India Planter*, &c, in firittol again It the Abolition of the Slave Trade,

the French and Spaniards give the greatest Encourage- their Products; and that the Petitioner's cohfider the ment to it, and, was this Country to agree that it Abolition of the Slave Trade as putting an absolute Should be abolished, it would be eagerly seized on by and immediate Stop to all Improvements or Attempts other Nations, deprive us of the Benefit of fitting out of new Settlements in the British Colonies j that even Annually a great Number of Ships, be a great Detri- the major Part of the old settled Estates must decline ment to our Manufactures, and terminate in the Ruin Daily in their Produce* under the EffeCls of such a of our British Settlements in the West Indies: And Measure; so that many will inevitably fink under therefore praying. That a Measure may not be adopted, Losses and Disappointments which they have it not in which will, as the Petitioners conceive, annihilate their Power to prevent, and the Merchant, Annuitant, the large Property embarked in the African Trade, Mortgagee, and other Creditors, instead of contribute render our West India Colonies of little Value, and do ing largely, as at present, to the Burthenis of the State, an irreparable Injury to the Commerce of this King- must look up to thfe Public for Relief; and that, hav-dom. ing the increasing Rivalship of other Nations to con-

A Petition of the West India Planters, West India tend with, they presume to say, they should rather b6 Merchants, and others residing within the City of considered as entitled to Public Help and Counte-Bristol, and its Vicinity, who have adventured their nance, than be put under Restraints which must Property on West India Securities, either on Mort- terminate in their Ruin, and ultimately prove fatal to gage. Bond, Annuity, or otherwise, and of the Sugar the Commercial Interests of this Country; and that on Refiners in the said City of Bristol, was also presented the Cession of the Island of Saint *

to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Pe- and to the Crown of Great Britain, the Lands

titioners learn with serious Alarm that, on the pro- were sold at Public Auction, under the Direction of posed Investigation in the Committee of the House of Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament, and Commons of the Petitions against the Slave Trade, a the Money arising therefrom paid into the Treasury; Motion will be made for its entire Abolition, on which that, relying on the Faith of Government, some of Trade, the Petitioners conceive, the Welfare and the Petitioners purchased the said Lands at a great Prosperity, if not the actual Existence, of the West Expence, upon the express or implied Terms of cul-' India Islands depend: That it has been found by tivating and improving them by Negro Slaves, and recent Enquiries, conduced with the greatest Exact- the Purchasers have since expended very large Sums ness, that the African and West India Trade constitute ih clearing those Lands, and erecting Buildings and at least Three-fifths of the Commerce of the Port of Works for the Manufacture of Sugars, but which will Bristol, and that, if upon such Motion a Bill should be be useless and loft to the Adventurers, unless the brought into the House, and Should pass into a Law, Trade is continued, whereby only they can

the Decline of the Trade of the City of Bristol must procure Labourers to work the same; and that others inevitably follow, as the African Trade and the great of the Petitioners, being Merchants and Mortgagees West India Commerce, connected therewith and depen- of West India Estates, under the Sanction and Autho-dent thereon, form so considerable a Part of it, and this rity of different Acts of Parliament (and particularly to the very great Loss of the Petitioners, and to the that of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-Ruin of Thousands of Individuals who are maintained sent Majesty, passed for the Purpose of encouraging the reby, but who are not sensible of the impending the Settlement of the British Colonies and Plantations* Danger; and that the Petitioners, many of them and to induce People in Great Britain to lend Money from their own Experience, and all of them from the on the Security of Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-Reports of judicious People conversant with the West'merits, Slaves, Cattle, and other Things) have been Indies, on whose Representations they Can rely, are induced to advance very considerable Sums on the fully convinced that the Cultivation of the West India Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle, Colonies cannot be carried on to any Degree of Ad and other Things, forming what is generally styled a vantage, should that Trade be abolished by which Sugar Plantation, many of which Plantations being the y have hitherto been supplied with Negro Labour- still in their Infancy, never can be brought to Per-cfs from Africa, by the Subjects of this Country; and fection, or the Proprietors be enabled to repay the that, as the West India Islands are the great Market Sums so advanced by the Petitioners, without further for the British Herrings, that Fishery, which has ever Supplies of new Negroes from , to enable them been c'onfidered as the Nursery of our Seamen, and to complete the Settlement of those Plantations, and, the Source of Wealth and Employment to Numbers should this Supply be withheld, the very large Sums of the Subjects of this Kingdom, must be materially so' lent by the Petitioners, as Merchants and Mortga-affected by any Diminution of the Consumption in gees, under the Sanction and Authority of Parlia-those Islands; and the Petitioners beg Leave to repre- ment, will, in a great Number of Instances, be wholly fertt the Hardships to which the intended Measure loft, and, in those where it is not, the Security will be will expose the British Planter, in putting him on a rendered extremely hazardous, and the Time of Re-worse Footing than the Subjects of our great Rivals payment (if ever) will be so remote, that it may be in Trade and Colonization, the French, Spaniards, almost as injurious to the Petitioners as if they had Dutch, and Danes, especially the Two former, who suffered a total Loss; and that the Trade of Sugar have unbounded Tracts of rich Land, which yield Refining has, for many Years, been a very considerable Tropical Productions with little Labour and Skill: Branch of Manufacture in the City of and the

To these natural Advantages must be added the very Buildings, Utensils, and Dead Stock, employed therein great Encouragement which the Spanish Government to a very great Amount, are not convertible to any in particular gives at this Moment to its own Sub- other Purpose, and any Check to the ample Supply jects, and the Invitation which it holds out to Stran- of this Article, which is become in various Shapes a gers: On the other Hand, the major Part of the Necefiary of Life, would not only be ruinous in the British Adventurers have to contend with a sterile Soil Extreme to the Petitioners engaged in the Manu* and unseasonable Situations, requiring the utmost facture, but the Mischief would extend moil widely, Industry and Skill to make them in any Degree pro- throwing many Hundreds of Common Labouring ductive, so that without a Continuance of the African People, brought up to this Business, wholly out of Slave Trade, and the fostering Helps of the Mother Employment* and of course reducing them to the Country, so far from being able to meet Foreign Necefiicy of emigrating to Foreign Countries, or be* Colonies at any European Market, they will scarcely coming with their Families burthenfotne to their own* be in a State to supply even this Country, where they and that the Petitioners do not presume to deny that have now an exclusive Right of Trade for l'ome of some Regulations may have been necessary in the Vol. XLIV. 4X Manner

354

IX

Mail.

A. 1789.

Petition from the Manufac-tiners, Ship Builders, &c. of Bristol, against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Manner of carrying on the African Slave Trade j they are willing to believe that those already adopted have been /erviceable, not only to the Adventurers themselves, but to the Cause of Humanity; they may still, as the Petitioners think, be followed up by others, equally advantageous to the Interests of both:

It is with peculiar Satisfaction the Petitioners observe, that the principal Colonial Legislatures have anticipated the Wishes of the House, in passing such Laws for the internal Government of their Negro Slaves as they conceived to be consonant to their Situations, and fully to meet the Expectations of the People of this Country; and, the Petitioners doubt not the other Islands will soon follow this laudable Example, and the Petitioners trust, that the House will not hastily establish a System by which the most valuable Dependencies of the British Empire may be hazarded, and that in an Experiment only by no Means, in the Petitioners Opinion, likely to serve those it is intended to relieve: And therefore praying, That the Bill about to be brought in, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the same Bill, bur, should it be adopted, they hope the House will fee the Necessity of suspending its Operation to some remote and distant Period, previous to which a System may be devised that may, without Violence or the Operation of the intended Bill, pro-' duce the desired EffieCb; but if„ on the other Hand, the Bill Should pass, and it is deemed expedient, by the House, that its Operation should be immediate, the Petitioners look up to the Justice of the British Legislature for a suitable Compensation for the Losses they must inevitably sustain, and they trust that Commissioners will be authorized to enquire into the Amount, and Provision made for their immediate Relief.

A Petition of the principal Manufacturers, Ship Builders, Ship Holders, and Traders,' of the City of Bristol, was . also prefenced to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that on the proposed Investigation, in the House, of the Petitions against the Slave Trade, a Motion is intended to be made for its total Abolition j and that the Petitioners have large Capitals, expensive Works,

Docks, Ships, Buildings, and Warehouses, together with a great Number of People, employed in their several Trades and Manufactures, and their chief Support and Dependance, for carrying on their different Occupations, are the Trade to Africa, and the of , and

Exports and Imports to and from the West India County of Islands, which have been found, by recent and very accurate Enquiries, to constitute full Three-fifths of the Trade of the Port of Bristol, both with respect to the Tonnage of the Shipping, and the Capitals employed; and that whatever Regulations lefien either of these Branches of Commerce, will tend, in a great Degree, to annihilate the Trade of Bristol, and materially injure the neighbouring Country Towns, whose Manufactures are principally supported by the Exports from the said City; and that the Abolition of the Slave Trade, with the Effects it will necessarily have Jonas Slaney,

Petition from the Merchants ami i

C.f B I itoi to

Newtonnd-l.tnd, agamlt the Abolition c>t the Slave It adc.

the, Trade is also carrying on to a considerabk Extent by the Ships and Manufactures of France, with the Capitals and on Account of Merchants refidino- ia Great Eritainy to the Emolument of the French, the Injury of this Country, and in Proof that, whatever may be the Restrictions in these Kingdoms, the Slave Trade cannot be abolished: And therefore praying.

That the said Motion, for the total Abolition of the Slave Trade, may not pass into a Law, but that such Regulations may, after mature Consideration, be adopted, as will not be destructive of the greater Parc of the Trade of the Petitioners, and of the Wealth, the Shipping, and the Manufactures, of the City of BrijloL

A Petition of the Merchants, Adventurers, and Traders, of the City of Bristol, to the Island of Newfoundland, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are much alarmed at a Motion, they hear is intended to be made in the House, for the total Abolition of the Slave Trade, and are thereby induced to represent, that, among the many other Injuries this Kingdom would fullain therefrom, that most valuable Brandi of Commerce, and great Nurlery of Seamen, the Fishery of Newfoundland, would be mote materially affected, as the Annual Export of dry Fish froru thence to the West India Islands is very considerable, and, if flopped, would prove fatal to the said Fishery:

And therefore praying, That the House will nut fu'Ter any Bill to be brought in for the total Abolition of the Slave Trade, but only for such Regulations us the House shall deem righr.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered ro be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords,!intituled, An Act. Meaner® to enable Richard Moland, Esquire,- natural Guardian of his Infant Daughters, Elizabeth Moland, Anna Maria Moland, Ltftitia Martha Moland, and Margaret Lucy Moland, and, in case of his Death, the future

Eltattr 211 commuted.

Guardian or Guardians of his said their Minorities, to undivided Moiety of

grant

Building

Daughters,'

during

Leases of One. Lands, in the Parishes.

Birmingham,in the

certain Aston near ;nd to layout convenient Streets,

Buildings

Ways, and Passages, to th thereon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

to

erected

Av.ii'jh'.s William Sir

meet

Ed ov a, d

to Sir Cfcrge

&c.': And they are to meet this Afternoon, at _Eive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. ,' .

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers undivided Parts of certain Eftat.es in Staffcrdshire, the settled Property of the Reverend and Mary his Wife, in Trustets-, tp, be.

S: a '.ev'? Estate Hill committed.

on the Trade and Credit of the West India Islands, will deprive the Port of Bristol of so great a Share of its present Commerce, Shipping, and Advantages, that the other general Branches of its Trade will necessarily fink with-it, and altogether will be attended with such ruinous Consequences to the Petitioners, and the People employed under them, that it will involve Thousands in the utmost Difficulty and Distress, who,

fold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in entire Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, w.u$ vLfd-a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to S.r Ed-Jt.ita Littleton, Sir George Aimiftas etc

o o J r" ,

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at rive the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

of

Ad

with their Families, ought not to be the last Objects An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An of Regard to those who are actuated by Motives of for veiling certain Parts of the settled.Estates of -o true Humanity; and that, since the Restrictions lately Esquire, in Trustees, to be io.d, an: ior

laid on the Trade to Africa by the British"Legislature, applying the Money afifing from the Sale thereo m no less than Forty Sail of Vessels have been fitted out Discharge of the Incumbrances alreding the

out the Residue in the Purchase ot - other.

FirzViSerf s

ElUc 1:1 co.iunitied.

for that Coast in the States of Neva England-, and that and for

laying

other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Parts of the settled Estates remaining unfold, was read a' Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Sir George Augustus William &c.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

petition from A Petition of the Council and Assembly of the

‘^s:hly island of Nevis, was presented to the House, and aytinri the read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have un-the's'ave doubted Reason to believe that a Bill is to be brought

Trade/ into Parliament this Session, for the Abolition of the

African Slave Trade, and if a Bill to that Effect Should paf> into a Law, the Petitioners cannot but regard its Consequences in the most serious Light, tending, as it inevitably mull, to a gradual Diminution of their Fortunes, and ultimately to the utter Ruin of these 1 Hands, for the Petitioners are, by Experience, convinced of the impoflibility of keeping up their Number of Negroes without the Aid of th Trade,

and the universal Practice of every Foreign Sugar Colony confirms this Idea, the Necessity therefore of Supplies from Africa to the British Islands cannot be urged again!!: them particularly, as the Consequence of improper Treatment of their Slaves, nor induce a Belief that a different Treatment of them could preclude the Want of such Supplies: Were it possible to effect! so desirable an End, it is to be presumed, that some one of the many Foreign or British Sugar Settlements would have been fortunate enough to have accomplished it, and that they have all failed therein is owing, not to any general Severity towards Slaves, but to their dilfolute Lives, to their licentious Connexions with each other, which check their Breeding, and to the Frequency of Epidemical Distempers in these Islands, such as prevailed a few Years ago in Antigua, last Year in Saint Kill’s, and this Year in Nevis , and that a Natural Decrease of our Slaves being thus unavoidable, and all adventitious Supplies withheld, the Petitioners must gradually decline to cultivate their Lands as their Slaves drop off, and must with Pain look forward to that melancholy Period, sure of befalling themselves, or their Posterity, when their Lands must become entirely useless for Want of Labourers: Sugar Estates cannot, like Farms in Europe, be worked by a few Hands, the multifarious Business of the former requires the constant Attention of many Labourers, and, if such are not in Existence here, in the Capacity of Slaves, in vain are they to be fought under the Tide of a or Free Negroes, the latter are but few in Number, and addicted to Laziness, and, as to a White Pea-fantry, there is none in those Islands, nor could such a People endure the Labour of the Field in that Climate} and that the Petitioners, in contemplating the precarious Situation of their Fortunes during the Pendency of the Bill in Question, are constrained to lament that Government ever gave its Sanddon to Settlers in these Colonies — Instigafed by such Encouragement, the Petitioners or their Ancestors have veiled their whole Fortunes in Property there, and have, further to support the heavy Charges incidental to their Sugar Settlements, contracted large Debts to the Merchants of Great Britain, never imagining that the Time could possibly happen when Government, viewing West India Property in a different Light, would withhold from them the only Source whence they could possibly procure Labourers to work their Soil, and enable themselves to support their Families, and pay their Debts: The Petitioners therefore, regarding it as their incumbent Duty, in Behalf o.f themselves, their Posterity, and even of the Empire at large, to deprecate the Evils inevitably consequent on an Abolition of the Slave Trade, earnestly beseech the House to take the Premises into their mature and

serious Consideratloh, and not suffer the said Bill to pass into a Law} and' that they may be heard, by their Agent or Counsel, against the fame, at the Bar of the Hoofer

A Petition of Charles Spooner, Agent for the Island Petition from of Saint Christopher, in Behalf of the Proprietors of s^n^ch^ito-Lands and Negroes in the said Island, was also pre- phe 1* agiinft fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner having observed, from the Votes of the Trad*. House, that it has resolved to form, itself into a Committee, to take into Consideration the Petitions which have been presented, in the last and the present Session, praying an Abolition of the Slave Trade, and complaining of the Manner in which the Natives are transported from Africa by the Subjects of Great Britain, begs Leave to represent, that a considerable Part of the Lands in the Island of Saint Christopher having been ceded to Great Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht, the House of Commons, on the at ft of 1717, came to the following Resolutiort, " Resolved,

" That the Lands in the Island of Saint " yielded by France to Britain by the Treaty of " Utrecht, Should be sold to the best Advantage, and " the Produce of the same Should be applied to the " Use of the Public}" and, in Consequence of the said Resolution, his then Majesty, George the First, ort the 4th of June, 1726, caused a Commission to be ’issued to certain Persons therein-named, to contraCl and agree with any of his Subjects for the absolute Purchase of that Part of the said Island, formerly be-« longing to the French, which Commission was afterwards confirmed by King George the Second, on the ift Day of May, in the Fifth Year of his Reign } and, under the said Commission, Lands in the said Island were fold for a considerable Sum of Money to sundry Persons, under whom the Petitioner’s Constituents claim, and the Money arising from the Sales was actually applied to the Use of the Public} and that the Value of the Lands purchased did then, and ftrli does, depend o,n the Cultivation of them by Means of Negro Labourers, insomuch that arty Measure which tends to deprive the Planter of a necessary Supply of Negroes for that Purpose, must necessarily fink ?nd depreciate the Value of his Lands} and that it was then, and stili continues to be, the universal Practice of all the Nations of Europe who have Colonies in the West Indies, to employ Negroes only in the Cultivation of their Lands, founded on the Experience of a great Length of Time, that Europeans must soon fink under the Inclemency of the Climate, and the Petitioner conceives, that, in this Practice, the British Subject has been supported and encouraged by the Sanction of many Royal Charters, Royal Proclamations, and Acts of Parliament, which have passed, from Time to Time, for above a Century, for promoting and extending the Trade to with a

View chiefly to supplying the Sugar Colonies with 3 sufficient Importation of Slaves at reason able‘Rates, under the Faith of which the Petitioner’s Constituents were originally induced to purchase1 the said Lands, -and have since proceeded in the Settlement of thtm, being fully convinced, in their own' Minds, that' the Parent State would never-impede or check them in their Cultivation, by prohibiting the Importation of Negroes storn' Africa, and have, in Consequence,

erected very extensive Works, and inverted a great Capital in the Purchase of Negroes for carrying on the Manufacture of Sugar and Rum, insomuch that the said Island, which at the Time of the said Sales was of little Value, is now become, in Proportion to its Size and Extent, as valuable a Sugar Colony as any belonging to Great Britain, blit, should the Planters in fucure be prevented from receiving the necessary Supplies of Negroes, the Petitioner’s Constituents are firmly perfuaaed that the Cultivation must languish, and with it the Value of their Property

must

Kith Streets, Arc. Bili comm i tied.

Ii° Mail. 1789.

must decline, and, in Process of Time, be totally destroyed: Under the foregoing Considerations, the Petitioner submits to the House, whether it is confident with that Degree of substantial Justice and good Faith, which has ever distinguished the Conduct: of the British Government, that they, who have been

induced to become Purchasers under the San&ion of a Royal Commission, founded on a Parliamentary Resolution, and under a justifiable Confidence that Parliament would not break through an established System, to which it had, for a Length of Time, given its Sanction and Support, Should now be deprived of the Means of cultivating those Lands for which they have paid a valuable Consideration to the Public, and whether that System ought to be abandoned, under which the Sugar Colonies in general, and the said Island in particular, have thriven and prospered, to the great Emolument of the Mother Country, in order to substitute in its Stead a speculative untried Experiment, which, Should it fail in the Ends pro-poied, must: be attended with Consequences ruinous to them, and injurious to the Nation; but if however the House shall, notwithstanding, in Conjunction with the other Branches of the Legislature, fee Cause to abolish the said Trade, and shall consent to hazard all the Consequences to the Commerce, Navigation, Revenue, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, as well as to the private Property of the Subject, the Petitioner begs Leave to represent that it is efiential to the Justice of such a Measure, that those, whose whole Fortunes are to be exposed to Risques which fill them with the most alarming Apprehension, and who, on a very uncertain Theory, in a Matter of private Property, are to be deprived of the Liberty of judging for thern-selves, contrary to a fixed Principle of the Law of the Land, Should receive a previous Consideration, and consequently that the Petitioner’s Constituents will be deemed by the House to have a fair and equitable Right to receive a just Compensation from the State: And therefore praying. That he may be indulged with a sufficient Time to be heard, by his Counsel, in Behalf of his Constituents, and to produce such Evidence, and give such Reasons, at the Bar of the House, as he shall think necessary in Support of the Allegations in this his Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

A Bill for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from Injury by Encroachments and Annoyances, for enlarging or rebuilding the present Pump Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Baybaat, Mr. Moyjey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and Householders, of the Towns and Parishes of Brad

sham, and Corf am, in the County of Wilts, and ford, in the County of Somerset, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed , and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Charles Spooner, Agent for the Island Petition from of Grenada and the Grenadines, in Behalf of the Pro- ^^^it for prietors of Lands and Negroes in the said I (lands, and oUheVriprL-also of the Proprietors of Lands and Negroes in the for» of Land. Islands of Saint Vincent and Dominica, whose Names and Domimca', are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and against the other Proprietors of Lands and Negroes in the last- of

mentioned Islands, was presented to the House, and Trade, read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners having observed, from the Votes, that the House has resolved to take into Consideration the several Petitions which have been presented in the last and present Session of Parliament, dating the Circumstances under which the Trade to Africa for Negroes, the Transportation of the Natives to the British Plantations, is now carried on by the Subjects of Great Britain, and praying that the said Trade may be abolished, the Petitioner, in Behalf of his Constituents and the said Islands, begs Leave to represent, that the Islands of Grenada, the Grenadines, Saint Vincent's, and Dominica, having been ceded to the Crown of Great Britain by the Treaty of Versailles, His present Majesty, on the 10th of February 1763, and the 26th of 1764, issued

H is Royal Proclamations, whereby He invited all His Subjects to become Purchasers and Settlers of Lands in the said Islands, under an Assurance that they Should be protected in the Enjoyment of their Liberties and Properties under a Form of Government established by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, and which Should make, constitute, and ordain Laws for the Government of the said Islands, and the Inhabitants thereof, as near as might be to the Laws of England, and in as far as their Situation as Colonists would permit; and, under the Assurances contained in the said Proclamations, many of His Majesty’s Subjects have risqued their whole Fortunes in the said Island of Grenada and the Grenadines, and purchased, at very high Prices, Lands and Negroes from the former French Inhabitants, relying on the Wisdom and Justice of their Mother Country, that they Should not be impeded, but encouraged in the Cultivation and Improvement of them; and that His Majesty', soon after, issued a Commission, appointing certain Persons therein named, and authorized them to proceed to the Ceded Islands, and there to expose to Sale, by public Auction, all such Lands as were become vested in the Crown by the said Treaty of Versailles, for the best Prices that could be obtained for the fame, the Purchase Money arising from which they were directed to pay over unto the Lords of the Treasury, to be applied to the Use of the Public, and the said Commission was issued in Consequence of an Address of the House of Commons, founded on a Speech from the Throne, wherein His Majesty was pleased to declare, that, in order to alleviate the Burthens laid on His Subjects, in Consequence of the late War, He was willing to relinquish His Right to the Lands in the said Ceded Islands -, and that the Commissioners, under the Authority of the said Commission, did fell large Tracts of Land, and some of them at very high Prices, amounting in the Whole to a considerable Sum of Money, which was actually applied to public Purposes, and in the Grants to the 1 Purchasers

io Geo. Ill* iiQ MaiL 357

Purchasers aClause is inserted, whereby the Grantees were made liable to certain Penalties, unless the Lands conveyed were settled within a limited Time: That the Settlers in the said Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, under the Assurances contained in the said Royal Proclamations, that they should not be molested or impeded in the legal Occupation and Enjoyment of their Property, and the Settlers in the other I Hands of Saint Vincent's and , under

the bona fide Purchases made under the aforesaid Commission, have proceeded and are Hill occupied in the clearing considerable Tracts of Lands in the said Islands, by Means of Negroes imported from and in settling and converting them into very valuable* Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa, and Cotton Plantations; and that by far the greatest Part of the Lands, comprised in the said Grants, remains still in Woods, which is very capable of being brought into. Cultivation, and rendered equally as valuable, but which it will be impracticable to clear and cultivate, in case the proposed Abolition takes Place, notwithstanding the y still remain liable to the Penalties under the Clause before stated; and that at the Time of the Settlement of the said Islands, it was a Practice uni-verfally established, not only among the Settlers in the Old Islands belonging to Great Britain, but also among the Subjects of Foreign States, who were possessed of any Sugar Colonies, to cultivate the Lands there by Means of Negroes imported from Africa, under a Conviction, founded on the Experience of a great Length of Time, that such Cultivation could not proceed, or be carried on to any Degree of Advantage, by Means of any other Species of Labourers, and had it- been then conceived or apprehended that any Prohibition or Check would be put to the Importation of them from Africa by the Mother Country, there is the strongest Reason to presume that the said Islands never would have been settled, and this Practice, as the Petitioner conceives, has been recognized and supported by the Sanction of many Royal Charters and Acts of Parliament, which have issued and passed from the First Settlement of the Sugar Colonies, down to the present Time, authorizing, encouraging, and supporting the Trade to Africa for Slaves, for the Use of the Sugar Colonies, and in particular by the Charters granted in 1662 and 1672 by Charles the Second, which established a Royal African Company, and which were granted in Consequence of an Address of Parliament, calling on his Majesty to support the Trade of Africa, and by the Ninth and Tenth of William the Third, passed at a Period when the Principles of Freedom were well understood, and as strenuously asserted, and by the Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, which recites in, the Preamble that the Trade to Africa is advantageous to Great Britainand necessary for supplying the Plantations with Negroes; and that the Petitioners beg Leave further to represent, that in settling the said Plantations, the Proprietors have expended very considerable Sums of Money, amounts ing in the Whole to several Millions, insomuch that many of them have found themselves under the absolute Necesslty of borrowing large Sums, not only of the Merchants and other Subjects of this Realm, but also of the Subjects of Foreign States, on the 'Security of their Lands, Negroes, and other Property in the said Islands; and that their Creditors have been induced to make the said Advances under the Faith of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty, for the more speedy Recovery of Debts due to British Subjects in the Plantations, whereby the

Lands and Slaves there are declared to be Assets for the Payment of Debts by Simple Contract, and the Money due to the SuDjects of Foreign States has been advanced under the Faith of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for en-' Vol.XUV.

couraging the Subjects of Foreign States to lend Money, on the Security of Freehold or Leasehold Estates in any of His Majesty’s Colonies in the West Indies;. ‘and that notwithstanding the very heavy Expenses i«fready incurred, they beg Leave to- observe, the Quantity of Land fold and disposed of by the Commissioners in Dominica, exceeds 100,000 Acres, and the Number of Negro Labourers arc only 15,600, of course, allowing only One Labourer to an Acre, 85,000 are still wanting to fulfil the Engagement entered into by the Conditions of Sale; that Saint Vincent contains 89,000 Acres, and has only 11,800 Negro Labourers, of course a proportionate Number is wanted in that Island, to enable the Purchasers to clear the Land as required by Government; and that the Island of is noc

above Two-Thirds cleared, and not Half supplied with Negroes, and in all the said Islands the Work of clearing Lands has been necessarily carried on chiefly by Men, the Labour being too severe for Women and Children, and a great Proportion of the said Negroes were purchased upwards of Twenty Years ago, and consequently must be now declining,' and will in a few Years be past Labour, and yet they cannot" be replaced, should the proposed Abolition take Place; and that the said Islands were all Captured in the late War, and were thereby deprived of the Means of Supply for several Years; that they have suffered much from Hurricanes and other natural Calamities since the Peace, insomuch that they have not been able to provide themselves with a sufficient Stock of Negroes, even for supporting the present Cultivation, much less to extend it; and under all the foregoing Considerations, the Petitioners submit it to the House, whether it is confident with that Degree of substantial Justice and good Faith, which ought ever to distinguish and dignify the Councils and A£t$ of a Free Government, and which constitute the Principle on which Traders and Adventurers can only rely, and is that which gives Life and Energy-to the Spirit of Enterprize in a Commercial Nation, and whether it would not establish a dangerous Precedent, and tend to discourage the Subjects of this Country from engaging their Capitals in any future Projects of Trade, at once to overset and abandon a System which has been encouraged and suffered to sublist for above a Century, which has been the main Support of the Sugar Colonies, and under which they have prospered and throve, to the great Emolument of the Parent State, and without which there are the strongest Reasons for presuming that the recent Settlement of the Islands above mentioned would never have taken Place; and that inasmuch as the proposed Abolition may proceed upon an Assumption that the Treatment of the Negroes in the Colonies is cruel and inhuman, the Petitioners trust, if any Instances of such Treatment can be proved to have existed in the said Islands, they are not common, and ought to be considered as Deviations and Abuses not difficult to be checked and prevented by temperate Regulations made in the Colonies, and not as constituting a general Description of the Treatment Negroes receive from their Owners, nor furnishing a fair Argument against the Existence or Encouragement of that Species of Property in the West Indies, in Proof of which the Petitioners appeal to the Laws passed in Grenada and Dominica: But if, notwithstanding, the Wisdom of the House, in Concurrence with that of the other Branches of the Legislature, upon whatever new and speculative System of universal and undiftin* guishing Liberty, or upon whatever new and untried Theory for the Cultivation of the Colonies in the British West Indies, shall be pleased to determine that the Trade shall be abolished, though at the same Time it will continue open to all other States, and in particular to our great Commercial Rivals the French,

4 Y and

Y

12° Mali.

358

and Hi all consent to hazard all the Consequences to the Commerce, Revenue, and Navigation of the Empire, as well as to the private Properties of its Subjects, the Petitioners in that same beg Leave to represent, that it is eflfential to the Justice of such a Measur in the Outset, and perfectly confident with the Spirit with which it is promoted* that thofewhofe Properties are immediately to be affected, and the Means of discharging whose extensive Debts are to be diminished by it, Should receive a previous Consideration, and consequently the Proprietors and Mortgagees of Lands, who have embarked their Fortunes in the Settlement of Plantations in the said Islands, ujron the Faith that an anciently established and'long tried System would not be overturned, will be deemed to have a fair and equitable Title to receive a just Compensation from the State: And the Petitioners hope that they shall be indulged with a sufficientTime to be heard by Counsel, and to produce such Evidence, and give such Reasons, % at the Bar of the House, as they shall think necessary, in Support of the Allegations in this their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petirions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

CoventGarJen Lord John Yownjhend reported from the Committee,

uon'reported* to whom the Petition of the Rector of the Parish of Saint Paul, Cement Garden, in the Liberty of -

sler, and the Trustees named and appointed in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Church of the said Parish, and for other Purp >fes therein mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is asfolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read, whereby it appeared, That Power was given to the Trustees thereby appointed to make Assessirients upon the Inhabitants of the Parish, in any Sum not exceeding Six Pence in the Pound in any One Year, and such Trustees were thereby authorized by the Sale of Life Annuities, to be charged upon such Assessments, to raise any Sum not exceeding 6,coo, for the Purposes of the Act: And,

Mr. ‘Thomas Hardwick, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That the said Sum of £.6,000 will not be sufficient to defray the Expence of carrying the said Act into Execution.

Mr. John Tomkifon, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, being examined, said. That a sufficient Sum of Money may be raised by a further Sale of Life Annuities, without increasing the Assessments beyond the Sum of Six Pence in the Pound. And he added, That so'me Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Act for preventing Nuisances, Mifde-meanors, and Inconveniences in the Church, Church Yard, and Avenues thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend r.nd enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the lait Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint " Paul, Ccvent Garden, in the county of;

" fur repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church; and for removing the j relent Watch House, and providing ano-4t ther for the Use of the said Parish :" And that Lord

1789.

‘John Townshend and Mr. Fox do prepare, and bring in,

1 he fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Cold Kirkby Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within incloiWe Bill the Parish of Cold Kirkby, in the North Riding of the committed-County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill Committee on for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of Ha^ver8'* the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Sqwithin the Square, Poor, Liberty of the City of Westminster -, for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Pa- font, Papersj trol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and and Record*, removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish; for apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain Expences incurred on Account of the said Parish; for discontinuing the common Use of the Burial Ground behind the Workhouse; and for making some Alterations relative to the Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Slave rradc* to consider of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, submitting to His Majesty’s Consideration the Evidence and Information they have collected, in Consequence of His Majesty’s Order in Council, dated the nth of February 1788, concerning the present State of the Trade to Africa, and particularly the Trade in Slaves; and concerning the Effects and Consequences of this Trade, as well in Africa and the West Indies as to the General Commerce of this Kingdom, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken in the last Session of Parliament, before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of , in Britifj

Ships, to the West Indies, and elsewhere, was committed, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Acts for the Regulation of Slaves, passed in the West India Islands, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in the last and this present Session of Parliament, deftring the Abolition or Regulation of the Slave Trade, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts which have been presented to the House in the last and this prefenc Session of Parliament, relative to the Exports and Imports from and to Great Britain, Africa, and the West Indies, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself info the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the (jhair.

Sir

S29 Geo. III. ' n° — 13 0 M359

Sir William Dolbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them % referred; and that he was directed by the Committee

to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances'of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 130 Mati;

Anno 29® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Roberts's Name Bill p*ifcd.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Arthur Annejley

berts, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Arthur Annejley Roberts, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Berwick St. ' An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Ftfbmon1 Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Anger^"clo- Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint fare Bill paired. James and Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir James Tylney Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition from thereunder subscribed, being Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of and iiGp-His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repair- p^'cr'sPav-ing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and ing Bill. Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to lligbgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Giles’s Pound to Ki/bourne Bridge, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Act, and for making a Road fronvthe said new Road near Queen’s Row to Bagnigge Wash, and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Trustees named in or by virtue of the said Act, was prefenred to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the Streets, and other public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the North and South Sides of the New Road leading from Paddington to Islington, called Sommers Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein j and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains certain Provisions which interfere with the Powers vested by the said Acts in the Trustees for the Care and Management of the said Roads, and which, if carried into Effect, would be productive of Consequences both inconvenient and dangerous to Persons travelling the said New Road in Carriages or on Horseback, and in many other Respects highly injurious to the said Trust:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that it may not pass into a Law as it now (lands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Faverfoam Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Paving Bill whom the Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleans-

fep0Ite ’ ing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets,

Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of in the County of

Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed j and to whom the Petition of certain of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Ashford,

Wye, and Lenham, and the adjoining Parishes, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Higrofied.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Petition from and other Persons residing in the City of , Worcester in

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented soaT&c.* to the House, andiead; Setting forth, That it ap- Navigation pears, from the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the Bl11, House, for a Navigation on the Rivers Soar and Wreak, from the Loughborough Navigation to Leicester and Melton Mowbray: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees . of Petition from the Bath Turnpike Roads, and of the Creditors of the creditors Tolls arising from the several Turnpikes on the said of the Bath Roads, on Behalf of themselves and all other the |°1hdss®j^l,nsft Creditors of the said several Turnpikes, was presented Bill. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending before the House, at the Instance, and on the Petition, of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Bath, for the Purpose of enlarging and widening several Streets, Lanes, Courts, and other public Passages, and also to design, make, open, and lay out, certain other new Streets and Passages, to render the Pump Rooms and Baths of easier Access, and to form more commodious Communications be-v tween

3<So

I3<

Mali.

A. 1789.

tween different Parts of the said City, and for raising the Expence of such Improvements by an additional Toll to be collected at the Turnpike Gates round the said City of Bath; and that, the Petitioners apprehend, such Mode of raising Money for the Purposes aforesaid will not only prove oppressive to, but materially aftect and injure the Petitioners, by diminishing the Travelling on the said Turnpike Roads, and thereby reducing the Produce of the Tolls, which at present are inadequate to the Expences of maintaining and keeping the Turnpike Roads in Repair, of making the necessary Improvements thereon, and paying the Interest: of £. 17,000, due on the Security of the said Tolls, by which Means, and otherwise, the Credit of the Petitioners, the Creditors Securities on the said Tolls,will be also materially affected and injured: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, and that such Relief may be given to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Petition from A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land

the Land in the Neighbourhood of the City of , in the ^ei"hbour- County of Somerset, the Proprietors of Collieries in hood of Bath9 the several Parishes of CamTimsbury, tors of CoU* Radftcck, Stratton, W Midsummer High

limes, against Littleton, Clutton, Farm, and other Parishes in Ba«h Streets, the Neighbourhood of the said City of Bath, and the 'vC' 1 ' several Persons interested in the Carriage of Coals from the said respective Collieries to the said City of Bath, and of divers other Persons who have frequent Occasion to resort to, and pass through, the said City, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill mentioned in the preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That, the Petitioners apprehend, such Mode of raising Money for the Purposes aforesaid will prove very partial and oppressive, and the Petitioners,* the Owners and Occupiers of Land, conceive such Means will materially affect and injure them, by Reason of the Produce of their Lands being carried to the Markets of the said City of Bath, and of the Petitioners, the Occupiers of the said Lands, being obliged to attend the said Markets therewith, and unavoidably passing through, and paying Toll at, the Bath Turnpike Gates for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners, the Proprietors of Coal Works, who have, at an immense Expence, funk and completed their respective Collieries, lor the Purpose of supplying the City and Neighbourhood of Bath with Coals, conceive such Means will also materially aftcCt and injure them, by Reason of the advanced Price of Coals that mull necessarily be made to the Inhabitants of the said City, in Consequence of such additional Toll, and that such Advance on Coals, with which the said City is supplied from the Petitioners Collieries, will tend to encourage the Consumption of inferior Coals, brought to the said City from distant Parts by Water Carriage, and of course diminish the Consumption of, and Demand for, the Petitioners said Coals, the Superiority only of which at present gives them a Preference to the other Coals brought by Water Carriage; and that the Petitioners interested in the Carriage of Coals from the said Collieries to Bath (many of whom are Farmers, and who could not otherwise maintain their Teams to cultivate their Estates) will also be materially affected and injured by Means of such additional Tolls, as they must unavoidably pass through, and pay Toll at, the Bath Turnpike Gates therewith, and cannot, in any equitable Manner, lay such additional Toll on the Con-fumer; and that the Petitioners, who have Occasion to rclort to and pass through Bath, will be also affected by such additional Toll, by Reason of their unavoidably passing through, and paying Toll at, the Bath Turnpike Gates, on their Entrance into, and passing through, the said City, and the Petitioners will not be in the least benefited by such intended Improve-

ments: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, and that such Relief may be given to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses in Bath, in the County of and the several Parishes in the Neighbourhood of Bath, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend such Mode of raising Money for the Purposes aforesaid will not only prove very partial and oppressive, but materially injure and affeift the Petitioners, by raising the Price of Coals and Provisions brought to the Markets of the said City, which must unavoidably pass through and pay Toll at the Gates leading into the said City, which may difeou-rage the Resort of Strangers to Bath, and thereby lessen the Rents of Houses, and otherwise injure the Petitioners; and, the Petitioners conceive the said Plan of the Mayor and Corporation for the intended Improvements to be partial; and that Three several Plans for effecting the Improvement of the Lower Town, without any Expence to the Public, have been suggested at Two public Meetings, held at the Guildhall of the said City, and since proposed to the Mayor and Corporation of the said City (through the Medium of a Committee appointed at a General Meeting of the Commissioners of the Bath Turnpikes, Landholders of that and the neighbouring Counties, and the Inhabitants of the City of Bath) convened by public Advertisement for the Purpose of opposing the Means proposed by the Corporation for raising Money for the Purposes aforesaid, of which Plans or Pro-pofals the said Corporation have hitherto not taken any Notice, and the Petitioners conceive that some one of the said Plans, or some other Plan that may be suggested, ought to be adopted for the Purposes aforesaid, in Preference to the Means proposed by the Corporation, the Propriety of which Plans the Petitioners are ready to submit to the House; and thac the Petitioners, in the several Parishes of Lyncombe and Widcombe, Bathwick, Bat and Tiverton,

will all contribute to the additional Toll, by Means of their Coals passing through the Bath Turnpike Gates, though they do not enter into the said City, and the Petitioners cannot be in the least benefited by the proposed Improvement; and that the Petitioners conceive that the Intent of the Improvements proposed is with a View to increase the Number of Strangers who resort to Bath for the Benefit of the Waters, that an Increase of Resort of Strangers will improve the Revenue of the Corporation arising from the Bath Waters, which at present is very considerable, amounting to several Hundred Pounds per Annum, and it is unreasonable to charge the Public to defray the Expence of an/Improvement calculated to increase the Revenue of the said Corporation arising from the Waters, before the Revenue which they receive has been applied, as far as such Revenue will extend; and that the Plan of Improvement proposed by the said Corporation has for its Objedb the immediate Interest: of Estates held under and belonging to the Corporation, whereas Plans may be formed which will be an equal Benefit to the Town in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill being passed into a Law, and that such other Relief may be given to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from Injury by Encroachments and Annoyances, for enlarging or-r^-2 building

Petition from the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses in Bath, against Bath Streets, &c. Bill*

Tht Lord# hsvt agreed li

Bill for lowering the Tun-va|e Duties at New Shoreham Harbour.

Old Streef Road Bill.

Stourbridge Roods Bill.

Bnrton Road Bill.

CongTeton Road Bill.

Arnold Tn-closure Bill reported.

Geo. III.

13° Mail.

j(5 r

building the present Pump Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more iafe and commodious, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames>

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Sborebam, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and also for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worship Street to Crown Street, along the East

Side of Moorjitlds -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the late. Market House, in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester j and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates to the said Roads, and for amending the Road from Coalbourne Brook, through to Churebill Field Comer, in the Counties of cefier and Stafford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green, in the Parish of Prest bury, in the county of ; and for setting out and making new Roads from Smithy Green aforesaid to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatcbmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby-, and from the . first-mentioned Road to the Havannab Mills > without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Vot, XLIV.

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 50 Acres, who were wrote to, but returned no Answer; and also, except the Proprietors of about 12 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill -, and that the whole Property coofifts of 2,003 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and- made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House -, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put, thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, Walpole to whom the Bill for embanking the Common Salt fnj*wibri?r« Marsh, within the Township of Walpole, in the County Bill reported, of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the fame, and several other Commons within the said Township, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the leaving out One of the Commissioners named in the said Bill, and inserting another in his Stead; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Blaekbume reported from the Committee, to Heywood whom the Petition of divers of the Inhabitants of, and Persons interested in, the several Townships of Heap, Heywood, Hopwood, Whittle. Middleton, Little

Heaton, Great Heaton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Whitmell being examined, said, That the Road from Heywood to a certain Place in Heaton called The Land’s End, leading towards is,

by Reason of the great Increafeof Carriages travelling thereon, become very ruinous, deep, and in great Decay, and cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, in the Parish of

Bury, to a Place called 'The Land’s End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Blaekbume and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

4 Z A Petition

Petition from fevrral Com-niilfionert and Creditors of the Bath Roads, and Inhabitants ot Bath, in Favour of B-ith Sneets, See. Bill.

Newgate Debtors Petition.

Covent Garden Church Bill presented.

Petition from Carriers of Coal from Loughborough and other Placet against Soar, &c. Navigation Bril.

362 13 ° Maii.1789.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe that a Bill is depending in the House, for widening, enlarging, and rendering more commodious, several Streets, Lanes, Courts, and other public Passages, in the City of Bath, and also to design, make, open, and

lay out certain other new Streets and Passages, to render the Pump Rooms and Baths easier of Access, and to form more commodious Communications between different Parts of the said City: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in H is Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, was presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord John Fownjhend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing the Church " of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the " County of Middlesex, for repairing and improving " the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church,

and for removing the present Watch House, and " providing apother for the Use of the said Parish And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Carriers of Coal from Loughborough, in the County of Leiand from the Coal Pits at Coleorton, Swannington, and Stanton Harold, in the said County of Leicester, to Leicester, and to divers other Places, in the County of Leicester, and in the neighbouring Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making the River Soar navigable from its Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrcnton, in the County of Leicester, to or near Lady’s Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making the River navigable

from its Junction with the River Soar, in or near the Lordship of CcjJington,to the River Eye, and for mak-

ing such last mentioned River navigable to Mill Cloje tlomestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the said County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have embarked all their Property in the Purchase of Horses and Carriages, for the Purpose of carrying Coals from the Wharfs at Loughborough, and from the Pits at Coleorton, Swannington, and Stanton Harold aforesaid, and other Collieries, in the said County of Leicester, to the Town of Leicester, and to divers Villages and other Places in the said County of Leicester, and the neighbouring Counties, and have used the said Horses and Carriages for the Purpose aforesaid, and the Petitioners have employed the greatest Part of their Time in that Object, by Means whereof they have been able, with great Labour and Perfeveranc^ to acquire a Maintenance for themselves and Families; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Supply of Coals from the said Coal Pits at Coleorton, Swannington, and Stanton Harold, will be Hopped either totally, or in a great Measure, and few or no Coals will be got thereout, and all, or very near all, the Coals to supply the Town and County of L, and the neighbouring Counties, now carried by Land from the said

Coal Pits and Loughborough, by the Petitioners as aforesaid, will be brought out of Derbyshire, and will be carried on the said intended Navigation, by Means whereof the Carriage of Coals by Land will b^ utterly put a Stop to, and the Petitioners will be totally thrown out of Employment, and be unable to provide for themselves and Families'. And therefore praying the House to take the manifest Hardlhipi of their same into Confederation, and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the several Parishes and Places adjacent to the Collieries at Coleorton, Swannington, Stanton Harold, and other Parishes and Places, in the County of Leicester, in which the Workmen employed in the said Collieries, and the Persons employed in the Carriage of Coals, by Horses and Carriages, from the said Coal Pits, and from the Wharfs at Loughborough, in the said County, to the Town of Leicester, and to divers Villages and other Places, in the said County of Leicester, and the neighbouring Counties, do inhabic

and reside, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Supply of Coals from the said Collieries will be flopped, either totally, or in a grea^ Measure, and few or no Coals will be gor thereat, and all, or very near all, the Coals to be used in supplying the Town and County of Leicester, and the neighbouring Counties, will be brought out of Derbyshire, and carried on the said intended Navigation, instead of being carried by Land, as they now are, by Means whereof the Carriage of Coals by Land will be utterly put a Stop to, and the Persons employed in working of the Col-

heries,' and in the Carriage of Coals as aforesaid (who are chiefly Parishioners legally settled in the several Parishes and Places in which they reside, and in which the Petitioners, as aforesaid, own and occupy Lands) will be thrown out of Employment, and, together with their Families, become chargeable to the Petitioners, and not only increase, to a great Amount, the Poors Rates for the said Parishes and Places, which are already at a very great Heighth, and extremely burthensome, but diminish the Value of the Produce of the Lands owned and occupied by the Petitioners, as aforesaid: And therefore praying the House to take the manifest Hardship of their same into Consideration, that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills situate, Handing, and being in the County of Leicester, on or near the Rivers Wreak, and Eye, which are intended to be made navigable, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the First Meeting to considerof rendering the Rivers Wreak and Eye navigable was held at Melton Mowbray only on the 9th Day of February last, and the First Meeting to consider of making the River Soar navigable up to Leicester was only held at that Town on the ad Day of March last, at which Time, and not before, the Promoters of the Two Schemes agreed to consolidate them, and make a joint Application to Parliament, although, at a public Meeting held at Leicester by Advertisement of the Mayor, on the 25th Day of October last, to consider of rendering the River Soar navigable, it was resolved, that it was

then

Petition from Owners of Lands adja*

cent to the Collieries at Coleorton and other Places, agaiirft Soar, See. Navigation Bill.

Petition from Owners of Water Mills in Lejcester-Shire against

D° Bill.

Geo. III.

130 Matt.

3*3

Petition from Athbv de la Zoucfi) against Soar* Ac. Navigation Bill.

Petition from Owners of Lands in Lei-ccftcrshire against D9 Bill.

then too late to apply to Parliament in this present Session: Under these Circumstances, and as the said Bill, if it passes into a Law, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, not only very materially affett and injure the Property of the Petitioners and other Owners and Occupiers of Water Mills situate on or near the said Rivers Soar, Wreak, and Eye, and deriving their Supplies of Water from the Streams and Currents which, in the Event of such Bill passing, will be taken to supply the said Navigation, but will also occasion great Injury and Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places in and near which the said Mills are situate, for whose Use the same Mills are almost wholly employed in the grinding of Com,: therefore praying, That the House will permit them to be -heard, By. themselves or Counsel, - against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves and the ocher Inhabitants of the said Town, was also presented to the House* and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are appre-henlive, that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the present Supply of Coals from the Collieries at Coleorton, Swannington, Stanton Harold, and other

Places in the said County of Leicester, will be (topped, either totally, or in a great Measure, and few or no Coals will be got thereat, and all, or very near all, the Coals to be used in supplying the -Town-and County of Leicester, and the neighbouring Counties, will bfc

brought out of Derbyshire, and carried on the said intended Navigation; and that, since the making: of thfc navigable Communication between the River and Loughborough, the Country in the Neighbourhood of Ashby de la Zouch hath been considerably depopulated and drained of Calli, and great Injury hath-accrued to the Markets and to the Trade of AJbby la Zouch, and the Petitioners have therefore great Reason to apprehend; that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Country.in the Neighbourhood of Ashby de la Zouch will be in a great Degree more depopulated and drained of Calli, and the Markets of

Ashby de la Zouch, and Trade and Commerce there, will be greatly and inevitably injured: And therefore praying the House, to take the manifest Hardship of their same into Consideration, that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not' pass into a Law, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the County of Leicester, adjoining or lying near to the Rivers Soar, Wreak, and Eye, intended to be made navigable, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the First Meeting to consider of rendering the Rivers Wreak and Eye navigable was held at Melton Mowbray only on the 9th Day of February last, and the First Meeting to consider of making the River Soar navigable up to Leicester was only held at that Town on the 2d Day of March last, at which Time, and not before, the Promoters of the Two Schemes agreed to consolidate them, and make a joint Application to Parliament, although, at a Public Meeting held at Leicester, by Advertisement of the Mayor, on the 25th Day of October last, to consider of rendering the River Soar navigable, it was resolved, that it was then too late to apply to Parliament in this present Session: Under these Circumstances, and as the Bill will, as the Petitioners apprehend, materially aftVdt and injure their

Property, as well as. that of others interested in the Lands and Grounds adjoining to the said proposed Navigation, therefore praying. That the House Will permit them to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.'

A Petition of the Right honourable Earl Ferrers, Petition frbir* and the humble Petition of Sir George Beaumont, Baronet, John Raper, of Abberford, in the County of Beaumoifi'and York, Thomas Fenton, of Rotbwel Haigb, in the same other*, against

County, Joseph Boultbee, of Coleorton, and Joseph v^aiionBUU* Boultbee, of Baxterley, Esquires, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners Earl Ferrers and Sir George Beaumont, in their own Rights -respectively, and the Petitioners John Raper and Thomas Fenton, as Leflccs for Lives under the

Chaplains and Poor of the Charitable Foundation of Wigfton's Hospital in Leicester., and the Petitioners Joseph Boultbee and Joseph Boultbee, as Lessees respectively, are Owners of, and interested in, certain ancient, extensive, and very valuable Collieries and Beds of Coal, at or near Coleorton, Swannington, and Stanton Harold,in the County of Leicester, which Collie-

ries have been long established, and by considerable Purchases, and a large Expenditure of Money, the same arc completely capable of affording a certain and constant Supply of Coal, and might lb continue for Ages to come, as they have done for Centuries past, if not prejudiced by the Import of the same Article from.other Counties or distant Places; and that, in and long before the Year 1776, the Towns and Neighbourhood of Leicester, Loughborough, and Melton Mowbray, the Eastern Part of the County of Leicester, and Part, of Northamptonshire, were in a great Measure supplied with poal from the above Mines, exclu-five of all others, the same being the ancient and natural Sale for those Collieries, and in the Year 1776 an Act passed, by which the River So has been made navigable from the River Trent to or near Garrenton aforesaid, and a Canal is continued from thence to Loughborough, and, by Means thereof, the Towns and Neighbourhood of Loughborough and Melton Mowbray, and a great Portion of the Eastern Part of -

Shire, are almost wholly, and the Town and Neigh-' bourhood of Leicester are in a material Degree, now supplied with Coal by Water Carriage from the Banks of the Erewash Canal in Derbyshire, at a considerable Distance from Leicester and Melton Mowbray and that the Coal Mines at Coleorton and Swannington, being deep, require large Fire Engines to be worked for raising the Water therefrom, many Horses to draw the Coals, and are attended with a very considerable Annual Expence, and, in order to keep them open and at Work, to yield Profit, it is efiential that the Quantity of Coals fold should be considerable; and that, from the Nature and Extent of the above Collieries, the adjacent Counfry is populous, and many Persons employed in, and entirely dependant on, the Continuance thereof, have expended great Part of their Substance in building Dwelling Houses, and making necessary Conveniences for the comfortable Existence of themselves and their Families; and that a Competition, very beneficial to the Public, has already been created by the IrltrodufHon of the Derbyshire Coal, but which hath injured the Proprietors of the Coal Mines at Coleorton and Swannington to the Amount of many Hundred Pounds per Annum, and has so far reduced

the real Value and Yearly Profits thereof, that any further Diminution in the Sale of Coal from thence, which must take Place if the said Bill should pass into a Law, would certainly endanger their Continuance, and in a great Measure, if not entirely, put a Stop to the Supply of Coal from those Mines, because no Conveyance by Water Carriage (though heretofore attempted to be obtained) can at present be got for the fame;

Petition from the Inhabitant* of Coleorton, Swannington, and other Placet, against Soar, &:c. Navigation Bill.

364 *17? Mm. . 1789.

fame 1 and that the Derbyshire Collieries have not hitherto afforded a constant Supply of Coals at rough., and if the Towns of Melton

ana other Parts of the County, should be reduced to the Necessity of depending wholly on Water Carriage for Coal, or of procuring it elsewhere, the present Competition would be destroyed, the Benefit arising to the Public from the reduced Price of Cool thereby would be loft, and ah Opportunity would be given to the Derbyshire Coal Owners to advance the Price of

their Coal considerably, if not to create a Monopoly, and had not the Town and Neighbourhood of and even the Town of Loughborough itself (the present Emporium of the Derbyshire Coal) been Daily supplied with Coals from Swannington and during a

con side table Part of the late severe Winter, the Inhabitants would have been reduced to the utmost Distress for Want of Fuel; and that the Navigation to Leicester and Melton Mowbray, intended by the said Bill, would extend the Conveyance of Derbyshire Coal by Water Carriage to the above Towns, and other Places, which were formerly wholly, and are now in Part, supplied from the Leicestershire Collieries, would give a decided Preference to the Derbyshire Coal Owners, and enable them to undersell those of the County of Leicester, particularly Coleorton and at

their natural, usual, and best Market in the Town and County of Leicester j and that such a Measure would render the Supply of Coal to the Town of and many other Parts, more precarious and uncertain than at present, would depopulate the Country in and about Coleorton, Swannington, and Stanton Harold, and

exceedingly decrease the Value of Estates there, and would prejudice and injure the private Property of the Petitioners in the most essential and material Degree, without the Prospect of any adequate Compensation being made to them by any Provision in the intended Ad, and would also greatly affect the Estate and Interest of the said Charitable Hospital t And therefore praying the House to take the manifest Hardship of their same into Consideration, that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, resident in the Parishes and Neighbourhoods of Coleorton, Swannington, Stanton Harold, and other Places, in the County of Leicester, where Coal Works are now established, and carrying on Trades in the said Parishes and Neighbourhoods, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, in case the said Bill Should pass into a Law, the Supply of Coals from the Coal Pits at Coleorton, Swannington, Stanton Harold, and other Places, will be flopped, either totally, or in a great Measure, and few or no Coals will be got thereat, and all, or very near all, the Coals, to supply the Town and County of Leicester, and the neighbouring Counties, now carried by Land from the said Coal Pits and Loughborough, by a great Number of Persons, keeping Horses and Carriages for that Purpose, and a great Part of them resident near to the Petitioners, will be brought out of Derbyshire, and carried on the said intended Navigation, by Means whereof the Persons working in the said Coal Pits, and the Persons employed as aforesaid, as Carriers of the said Coals got thereat, and who are Customers to the Petitioners for Wearing Apparel, Provisions, and other Necessaries of Life, will be thrown out of Employment, and either desert their present Habitations, and remove to Places dif-tant from the Petitioners, or become Paupers j and that, in order to exercise their Trades to the greater Convenience and Advantage of their Customers and of

themselves, the Petitioners have-expended several considerable Sums of Money in erecting Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings, which in the Event of the said Bill passing will, in the Petitioners Apprehension, be rendered, in a great Measure, useless and invaluable, and will occasion great inconvenience and Injury to the Petitioners, and involve many of them in Ruin: And therefore praying the House to take the manifest Hardship of their same into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for making and maintaining aNavigable Canal from or near in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal at or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near ton Mill, in the County of Derby, and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of Selston, in the County of Nottingham,

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill wera directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{The Marquis of 1 Worcester, i 34.

Mr. J

{Lord 1

Henry Cavendish, > 17. Mr. J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Sir Richard Sutton, the Lord Mulgrave, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Samuel 'Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in Holderness,in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 3! Oxgangs of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 34 Oxgangs, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) i and that the Committee had

4 g°ne

Coan&I further beard on Cram ford Cay nil Bill*

Bill committed.

Coniftoo Inclosure Bill reported*

0

i!

U

L

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout* and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question fcve-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be

ingrafted.

Voice* to Ordered, That all have Voices who come fco Committee on the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and

Cromfoni Ca* ... VT *?>

na) Bill, maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near

ford Green, in the County of , to join and

communicate with the Canal at or near

Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them; and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the County of Derby, and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of , in the County of Nottingham, is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read *

Supply Je- Re/olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morri-

fcrred. ing next> ref0iVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-f««d! de* inS next> ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 140 Maii;

Anno 29" Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

Southwwid Ty/fR- Dudley North reported from the Committee, Itevtn Peti- 1yj[ to whom the Petition of the Bailiff’s and Com-tien* reports . Qf the Town of South would, in the County of

Suffolk, in their Hall assembled j and also, the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for opening, cleansing, Repairing and improving, the Haven of Southwould, in the County of Suffolk, and also an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term of the said former Ad, and amending and altering several Powers therein, were severally referred That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House* and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read* and is as follow-eth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Robinson being examined, said. That there has been, for Time immemorial, a Sea Port or Haven at Southwould, which is situated very conveniently for the Preservation of Ships navigating the

tijhSeas* that the said Haven cannot be preserved without maintaining the Piers erected for that Purpose, the Expence of which is very considerable that Vol. XLIV.

the Trustees have borrowed the Sum of 1,912. 10 j. which now remains clue; that the Term of the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty is near expiring, and it is necessary the Term thereof Should be enlarged, and some Alterations and Additions made to the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual the Acts of Parliament for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwould, in the County of Suffolk: And that Mr. Dudley North and Mr.

Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Petition from chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, In- Stamford ,n habitants of the Town of Stamford, and the Villages soarT&c. Na. adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on vigationBiU. Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the said Town and Villages, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigation from Meadow, near the Town of Loughborough, to the Towns of Leicester and Melton Mowbray: And praying, That the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proj D*batr on posed. That the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for Mo,ion for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, Jh"Debtor* and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to Biliadjourned. imprisoned Debtors, be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon *

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Wilbrabam reported from the Committee, to T*rporiey whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Road Bill re-Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign portwl‘ of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from 'tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to ASlon Bridge, near Weaverham, in the same County, was committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ClerkY Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Corn Reguia-whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in tionBiiue-the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present P°lted* Majesty, intituled, «« An Act for further regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned," was committed and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, in Common Council af-' sembled, under their Common Seal and also, the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of were

severally referred* That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the first-mentioned Petition, and had also considered the said last mentioned Petition and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House and he

5 A read

' 3^6

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the life of the Members of the House.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Halting*. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to

minster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Hall, and clear the fame of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual j and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Petition from A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Resident Traders, the Hawkm* and other Inhabitants of the Borough of ,in

and Pedlar*, the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and prevent Hawkers, Pedlars, and all Petty Chapmen under such Description, from coming into any City or Town to fell their Goods on Market or Fair Days, or at any other Times, to the great Injury of the Resident Trader, and to grant the Petitioners such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ConiftonTn. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the pirted!B, U Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in Holderness,in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1789.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition from Navigation from the River Trent to the Town of ^‘^ompanj^ Loughborough, was presented to the House, and read; of the°fr/nt " Taking Notice of the Bill for making the River Soar and Lough-navigable, from its Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of - Soa»,&c. renton, in the County of Leicester, to or near Lady's Negation Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making the River Wreak navigable, from its Junction with the River Soar, in or near the Lordship of CoJJington, to the River Eye, and for making such last mentioned River navigable to Cloje -

Jlead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the said County; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, by Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were empowered to make the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent, up to a Place called BJhop's Meadow, and a Navigable Cut or Canal from thence to the Town of Loughborough, and have made and completed the fame, at a very great Expence and Risque; and that the Petitioners find, the Navigation of the River is very deficient of Water, in general, for several Months in the Summer, and are well informed, that the Number of Locks, and other Works, which are necessary to effect the proposed Navigation, will obstruct and impound the Water which now flows into and along the said River, so as at such Times to render the Petitioners Navigation much more precarious and difficult, and otherwise be very injurious to the Petitioners, without being capable of answering any material public Advantage: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by themselves or Count'd, against the said Bill, and that it may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Coun-fel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Troops sent to the West ^P^eInnt to Indies, from the Year 1775 to the Year I78f, inclu- die*,ordered, five; distinguishing the Number originally put on board the Transports, the Number landed in the West Indies, and the Number that died there in the First and Second Year after their Arrival.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, accord- Teddington ing to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and ^efraKd!! keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Cross Hands in Teddington Field, in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcester,to the London Turnpike Road between Evesham and Perjhore, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, accord- Evcfham ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, of v the First, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Evesham, and several other Roads in thij Counties of Worcester and Gloucester; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

140 M

A Petition

P/tition* from A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-wd'oiJchMn*- c^3nts> Tradrfmen, Manufacturers, and others, In-i»iivour of ’ habitants of the Town of Uppingham, and the VII-Soar, See.Ni- lages adjacent, in the County of Rutland, whose Names »»g»uon ini. are tht.reui)CO subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Inhabitants of the said Town and Villages: And all’o, 4

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradtlmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Oakham, and the Villages adjacent, in the County of Rutland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselvrs, and Others, Inhabitants of the said Town and Villages;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigation from Meadow, near the Town

of Loughborough, to the Towns of and

Milton Mowbray: And praying, That the said Bill may pal's. .

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table.

EJmburgh Mr. Henry D uni as reported fiom the Committee, to tMaicpotini. whom the Petition of the l'rutlees for repairing the High Roads in the County of and He-

ritors of the said Counts, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, for themselves, and the remaining Trustees for the said Roads, an 1 Heritors of the said County, was referred; That the Comm tire had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Four several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years or His present Majesty, were read, whereby certain Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were granted to Trustees therein named, to enable them to repair and amend the High Roads in the County of Ednb; and the said Trustees were thereby authorized to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted: Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That it is found by Experience, that notwithstanding the Tolls collected upon the said Roads have been duly applied, the Fligh Roads in the County of Edinburgh do Hill remain in such a Situation, that they cannot be eflcdually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and also unless further Tolls and Powers be granted to the Trustees for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and from Cramcud Bridge to the Town of . in the County of Linlithgow, and for making the same

more effectual: And that Mr. and Sir

AdamFergujj'on do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dunfton and Mr. Anderson Pelham reported from the Committee, In^mteand" to w^om Petition of Sir John Dashwood King, Baro-Dtamage Pe- net, on Behalf of himself, and others, Owners and Pro-utionreport- prietors of certain Open Common Fields, Heath, Half Years Meadow Ground, Fen, and Walle Lands,

in the Parish of Dunjion, in the County of Lincoln; and also of Sir ’Thomas Skipwith, Baronet, ori the Behalf of himself, and others. Owners and Proprietors of certaiii Inclosed Fen and Low Lands, in the Parish of theringham, in the said County of; was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had cxamii.ed the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr: *-

John Hudjonbring examined, said, That there are

within the said Parish of Dunjion certain Open Common Fields, Heath, Half Years Meadow Ground;

Fen, and Walle Land, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement. —

And the Witness further said, That the said Half Years.

Meadow Ground, and Fen Land, in the said Parish of Dunjion, and also certain Incloled Fen and Low Lands in the said Parish of Metheringham,are frequently Overflowed, or otherwise annoyed with Water, and that if the same were properly drained, and the said Open Common Fields, Heath, Half Years Meadow Ground, Fen, and Walle Lands, in the said Parish of Dunjion, divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, the Whole might be considerably improved, to the great Advantage of all Parties interested, and to the Benefit of the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fen, and lngs, in the Parish of Dunjion, in the County of Lincoln, and (or draining and improving the same, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Metheringham,in the said County: And that Mr. Anderson Pelham and Sir John Thoro.d do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth be added to the Member a.I-Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring 'fn.

in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of doiureii.il. several of the Owners and Proprietors of the Open Fields and Stinted Failures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of Burnjull, in the West Riding of the County of York,

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according Thorpe Tncto-,to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several p‘*'

Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of Burnjull, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the hirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be lead a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Slave Trade upon Tuesday 1 aft, for the Floufe to resolve itself into dcferred> a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Motion for cond Reading of the Bill for making the River Soar ^*d^.fg0a*r’ navigable, from its Junction with the Loughborough non b... a Se» Canal Navigation, in or near the Liberties of Garrett- cond . ton,

3 68

ton, in the County of Leic to or near Lady's Bridge,in the Parish of Saint or to or near

West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint or to or near

both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester; and for making the River Wreak navigable, from its Junction with the River Soar, in or near the Lordship of Cofftngton, to the River Eye; and for making such last mentioned River navigable to Mill Cloje Home-stead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was prO-posed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

1789.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas t M 7 tellers lor the Yeas, j Mr Smith: £ 35-

rr. 1, cl xt V Sir fames Erskine, 7 _ Tellers for the Noes, j Co^„c, pu'ps . J 73.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words "upon *'* this Day Four Months " be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Four Months.

140 — 150

The Lords have agreed to

Militia Pay Bill.

Bill for repealing County Elections A&.

The Lords have p&fted Sir Thomas Halts Eftste Bill.

General Honywood's Estate Bill.

The Lords will proceed on Wednesday on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoiford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at <c County Electionswithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which' the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of General Philip Honywood, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in paying off a Mortgage now due and owing on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all have. Voices who come to the v?,ce8toCom* Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, Buckhnd and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Dinham Road Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Blll# and widening the Road from Buckland Dinharn to the End of the Parish of Timfbury, and also the Road from Midfomer Norton to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from Wellow to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An sirThoma* Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Thomas Pym Bili'read!*1* Hales, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An General Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of General Philip Hony- read,* wood, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in paying off a Mortgage now due and owing on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Maii;

second Reaj- Then the Question being again proposed, That the ll Nav°ga-‘ Bill for making the River Soar navigable, from its tien bui put Junction with the Loughborough Canal Navigation, in Monthi>OUr or near t*ie Liberties of Garrenton, in the County of Leicester, to or near Lady’s Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, or to or near West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, or to or near both those Places, in or near to the Town of Leicester, and for making the River Wreak navigable, from its Junction with the River Soar,in or near the Lordship of CoJJington, to the River Eye, and for making such last mentioned River navigable to MClofe Homestead, in the Parish of Mellon Mowbray, in the said County, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words "upon this Day Four " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word now " Hand Part of the Question 1

Anno 29" Georgii 1U, H Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

jD ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising Houserefolre* of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morn- Monday? ing next.

A Petition of Henry Phillips was presented to the Mr. Phillips’* House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner t"*

being informed that a Committee is appointed to take Heiiiu?Fiy. into Consideration the Damages done by the American Infeft, or Hefftan Fly, to the Wheat in the Territories of the United States of America, and no Person having hitherto devised any satisfactory Mode for destroying that Infeft, the Petitioner, who has the major Part of his Life, by Study and Practice, become well acquainted with alrnolt every Species of Infeft detrimental to Grain, &c. presumes to assert, with Confidence, that the Compofuion of his Powder (which has been tried both at Home and Abroad,

3 with

Petitions from Leicester; and Bury Saint Edmund's; in Favour of the Hawkers and Pedlars.

Order for South Shields Paving Bill discharged, and another BUI ordered.

with that Success, that an Hundred Certificates of its important Utility have been from Time to Time laid before Parliament) will effectually remedy this Evil; and that the Petitioner has, in Addition to all former Testimonies, such recent Proofs of the Efficacy of his Invention, under the Patronage of Earl Effingham, Lord IValftngbam, and others, that he only wilhes the House may give Directions for the Committee to examine his Papers, as well as himself, on this important Subject.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 7th Day of lad, containing

the Proceedings of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council, and Information received respecting an Inleft supposed to infeft the Wheat of the Territories of the United States of America.

A Petition of the Tradesmen, Manufacturers, &c. Residents of the Borough and County of , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners think themselves injured by an Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, for granting additional Duties on Hawkers and Pedlars, particularly the Ninth and Eleventh Clauses thereof, and they conceive this will fully appear by the Inspection of those Clauses, supposing that every Restriction on the fair Trader is a Commercial Injury} that a Repeal will not lessen but increase the Revenue, and as there are considerable Stocks of Goods on Hand, they conceive that any Impediment to vending them is detrimental to the Staple Commodity of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the above into Consideration, and repeal the injurious Clauses.

A Petition of divers Trading Inhabitants of the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners feel it to be equally their Duty and Interest to represent to the House, that Resident Shopkeepers, Licensed Hawkers and Pedlars, and the Revenue, have been and are materially injured by certain Itinerant Traders, who frequent Fairs and Markets, and do not expose their Goods for Sale after the common Method of such Places, for they not only offer their Wares from House to House within the Towns where such Fairs and Markets are held, but, partly in the Manner of an Auctioneer, take some elevated Situation in the Market or Fair, by Vociferation collect an Audience, and dispose of considerable Quantities of Goods in Lots or Parcels, confiding of various Articles of different Manufactories, yet eluding the Auction Duties, by not strictly adhering to that Mode of Sale: And therefore praying the House to provide such a Remedy against the said uneaxed and irregular Kind of Traffic as to the House shalljeem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 6th Day of April last, " That Leave be given to " bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, and watching " the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, " within the Town of South Shields, and Parts adjagent, and for removing and preventing Encroach- ments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances " therein, and for widening, or otherwise improving, " such of the said Streets, and other public Passages, " as are narrow and incommodious," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved, That the Report which, upon the 6th Day of April last, was made from the Vol. XUV.

Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Towns of North and South Shields, in the Counties of Northumberland and ham, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Sir John Eden and Mr. Eempejl do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Eden presented to the House, according to South shield. Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and J*fenn?e". watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for embanking the Common Salt Walpole Em-Marsh, within the Township of IVal in the County i^ioftfre Bill of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the fame, paired, and several other Commons within the said Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh, within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the fame, and several other Commons within the said Township.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodebcufe do carry the Bill to the Loyds, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to rtentmington whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Oped lnc|°fi»re Bui or Common Fields, Meadow, Failures, and Waste r*por,s Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of ton, in the Parish of Lockington, and County of cester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Owner of Land, rated to the Land Tax at Four Shillings a Year } and that the Whole of the Lands proposed by the Bill to be inclosed, and exonerated from Tythes, are rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of85. 3*. 4 a Year} and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hint! to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wherd the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments} b£ ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and incloting the Kormmbjr Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- inclosure Bill mon Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of *

Normanby, next Spittal, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title-5 B be.

Bill for making Streets from Fleet Street to Temple Street, &c. committed.

Westminster Society Bill reported, and re-committed.

Petition from Owners of Milts in Middlesex, Hertford, &c. for additional Provision to Corn Regula tiwi Bill.

370 15 0 Mail. 1789*

be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and more than double what they formerly were, and have Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- for many Years past been more than sufficient, in all tures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Normanby, Seasons, for a constant and regular Supply of Flour next Spittal, in the County of Lincoln. for the Home Market, as well as for Exportation, and

Ordered, That Mr. Anderson Pelham do carry the also to answer all possible Emergencies and Demands Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. of Government, at as reasonable a Rate as the Price of

Wheat and other Grain would admit, and very fre-A Bill for opening a new Street from Fleet Street questly under the relative Price; and that the grind-to temple Street, in the City of London, and also a ing of Corn and Grain, and the manufacturing of

public Passage from such new Street towards Water Wheat and other Flour, not only affords constant La-Lane, and for flopping up or altering certain Courts, bour and Employment to a numerous and industrious Alleys, or Passages, and setting out others near to or Body of His Majesty’s Subjects, but is also yery bene-communicating with such new Street and Passage, ficial to the Public at large, by producing great Quan-was read a Second Time. cities of Bran, Pollard, and other Offal, and those

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. An- salutary and useful Objects mud be in a great Degree derson Pelham, Mr. Bouverie, &c.: And they are to discouraged and lessened, by allowing Corn and Grain,

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the manufactured Abroad, to be imported into this Speaker’s Chamber. Country: And therefore praying, That Provision

may be made in the said Bill, to prevent the Importa-Ordered, That the Lord Newhaven do make the tien into this Kingdom (except from Ireland) of Corn Report from the Committee to whom the Bill to in- or Grain ground into Meal or Flour, or made into

corporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships, was committed.

The Lord Newhaven accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the samp to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be suficient for the Use of the Members of thp House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will,upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Water and other Corn Mills, in the several Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, E/fex, Kent, Surrey, , and

Oxford, on Behalf of themselves and all other Owners and Occupiers of Corn Mills within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation " of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned ;" and Setting forth. That, by the Laws now in being, whenever the Ports of this ' Kingdom are open for the Importation of Foreign Corn and Grain, they are also open for the Importation of Meal, or Flour of Wheat or other Grain ground, which, the Petitioners conceive, is not only very prejudicial to them as Millers and Manufacturers of Flour, but also to the Public in general, as thereby the Price of Labour is loll, as well as the Bran, Pollard, and other Offal arising therefrom, and which are considered as so essentially beneficial and useful to other Countries, that the Dutch, and InjJj (the latter with an Exception in Favour of England) have adopted the Policy of prohibiting any Importation of Corn ground into Meal or Flour into their Territories; and that the Mills belonging to the Petitioners and others, used for grinding Corn and Grain, are very numerous and have been greatly improved, whereby their Powers of grinding aie increased

Bread or Biscuit, or that the Petitioners may have -such other Relief in the Premises.as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Mr. Anderson Pelham presented to the House, ac- punfton and cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Mmieiing-the Open Common Fen and Ings in the Parish of ana D^nage* Dunston, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining Bill preicmed. and improving the same, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Metheringham, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Hiwkers *nd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in e* the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars,

" and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade;"

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Second Read-Reading of the Bill for the preventing vexatious Re- ^in°0fv j°di movals, and for supplying certain Defects in the Laws p,u„fffor4 relating to the Poor of this Kingdom; Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j "

Tellers for the Noes, j J 34-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Four Months.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill fur £"‘jr kcllct the more effectual Relief of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edmund Bastard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edmund Bastard reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

him

reported.

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Edmund Eastard accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this lnstant May.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the ftoufe adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

chafes of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bullock, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Evan Lloyd Vaughan reported from the Com- Lianfyiim mittee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Market ^.arB-|t1House House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of ported. ' Montgomery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof by Sale of certain Waste Lands in the Townships of Globwlcb and Bacbiau, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties having Right of Common upon the Lands to be sold had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Luries^ 18° die Mali;

Anno 290 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

sir Thomas A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Hales Estate Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir ‘Thomas

ted!commit" Pym Hales, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Kent,

in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Marsham, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

High worth Sir fames Tylney Long reported from the Commit-

Poor Bill*e- tee, to whom the Bill for providing a Workhouse for porM the Use of the Parish of Highworth, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Genera^ Ho. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An tyWR°u'S E(* Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain mined. CJrn' Estates settled by the Will of General Hony-

wood, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in paying off a Mortgage now due and owing on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Pur-

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Bakers Com-ascertaining the Powers, and limiting the Jurisdiction, panyBiiitranf. of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company committee of of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any the whole undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker, House* and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making " of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize " thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate " Meal, Flour, or Bread," is committed, be discharged from proceeding upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lord George Cavendtfh presented to the House, ac- Marston upon

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing D[.vcincioiure the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, 1 prelcm* and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of Mar-ston upon Dove, Hatton, Hoon, and Hoon , in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, of the First, committed. Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Evesham, and several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Ord, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in TedHin^toa Repair, the Road leading from The Cross Hands in Teddington Field, in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcester, to the London Turnpike Road, between Evesham and Perjhore, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

§ Resolved,

Heywood Road Bill presented.

Covent Garden Church Bill committed.

Saint James, Westminster* Burial Ground Bill presented.

Faversham Paving Bill patted*

MallingHeath Roads Bill passed.

372 18° Maii. A. 1789.

'ReJ'ohedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of -

/ex, for repairing and improving the Gates and

" Avenues leading to the said Church, and for removing the present Watch House, and providing " another for the Use of the said Parish," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Erskine, Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Richard Sutton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5.I. 3. To leave out from " and" to *shall," in Line 6.

Pr. 27. 1. 13. After «« Shillings" to insert .««to be " ascertained by such Justices, or " the major Part of them."

Pr. 41.1. 37. After " Materials" to insert " as " they shall think proper."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstrucr tiens, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on EastMailing Heath, to the Turnpike Road on PemburyGreen, and from Brand Bridges to

the Fourli entsnear Mat/teld in the County of

Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Malting Heath, to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four IVents near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dudley North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and making more effectual the Acts of Parliament for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of -wold, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Sum of £.1,000, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus, arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburn/path, in the County of Berwick;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of certain of the Trustees, appointed by an Act, pafifed in the Twenty-seventh If ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Berwick upon Tweed to Dunglas Bridge, and of other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Real Estates late of Francis Bine, of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trustees, to sell and convey the fame, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Vill or Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, 6 and

SouthwolH Harbour Bill presented.

Fleet Debtors Petition.

Committee on Cockburn-2>ath Bridge

The Lords hare patted

Bine’s Estate Bill.

Petition from the Corporation of Lan-caller for Provision in the Loyne Navigation Bill*

and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the -County Palatine of and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That the said Vill or Town of Lancaster is a very ancient Borough, and the Port of Lancaster is, and for all Time hath been, a very confulerable Sea Port for the Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes, as well of Freemen of the said Borough, as of Strangers trading from the said Port, which Traffick hath been usually carried on at and from certain Quays and Wharfs, and other convenient Places within the said Borough, and the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, have from all Time received certain Tolls, Rates, and Duties, in respect of the Goods and Merchandizes so exported, and which were the Property of Persons not being Freemen of the said Borough; and that the said Bill, by providing suitable Places for the exporting of Goods and Merchandizes from Parts and Places upon the Banks of the said River within the

Precincts of the said Port of but not being

within the Precincts of the said Borough of will tend manifestly. to the Injury of the Petitioners, unless suitable Provisions are inferred in the said Bill, to secure to them, and to their Successors, such Tolls, Rates, and Duties, as they now are, or will be, entitled to have and receive in case the said Bill Should not pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That such Clauses may be inferred in the said Bill, as may be effectual to secure to the Petitioners, and their Successors, all such Tolls, Rates, and Duties, for or in respect of the Goods and Merchandizes of Persons, not being Freemen of the said Borough of exported from any Part of the said River , otherwise called Lune, not being within the Precincts of the said Vill or Town of , as would have

accrued or become due to the Petitioners, in case the same had been exported from any Place* being within the Precincts of the said Borough, Vill, or Town.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition from A Petition of the Body of Hawkers and Pedlars of the Borfy of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read;

PedJart7*a Setting forth, That the Restrictions laid on the Petitioners in the Line of their Traffick, by the Act of Parliament which subjects them to F.xclufion, from whole Counties at the Option of Magistrates, as well as limiting the Exposure of their Goods to Market and Fair Days only, in all Places within the Distance of Two \liles from any Market Town, has been attended with ruinous Consequences to many of them and their Families and that the said Restrictions manifestly tend to the Injury of the Manufacturers and Wholesale Dealers of , Manchester,

Leicester, Birmingham, and Sheffield, and also the City of Glasgow and Town of , in North Britain, in

Consequence of which many of the said Manufacturers and Wholesale Dealers have given their Sanction and Concurrence to this Petition by subscribing their Names and that, as Numbers of the Petitioners have followed a constant Course of itinerant Commerce from early Life, and many of them have long sup-, ported respectable Characters, it is with all Deference presumed, that the House will so far diferiminate, as not to suffer the Delinquency of a few to operate to the Prejudice of many: And therefore requesting the House to commiserate their Situation, and relieve them from the Restrictions specified in the said Act, in such Way and Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Vol.XLIV.

373

in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, PcdJars,

" and Petty Chaprpen, and for regulating their Trade," is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Biilforinroii-for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Pur- made by p«-chafers: And that Sir James Erskine and Mr. Grey do ordered, prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Supply. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 1

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Ma- NavyBfti-jesty’s Navy for the Year 1789, be referred to the said °uU*referred. Committee. ’

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s, and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works; over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolv*ed itself into the said Committee. t

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert}also acquainted the House, That he

was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to- fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself Committee on into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty " Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of thp Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An JW*

Act for vesting certain Parts of the Real Estates late of Francis Bine, of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trustees, to sell and convey the fame, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

5 C The

18° M

Way* and Meant deferred.

Raral Assent to Bills*

374

i8°- — 190 Mail. 1789.

The other Ordet of the stay being read j Resolved', That this House will, upon Morning nejrtl resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconGder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-mOrroto Morning, Ten of the* Clock.

Martis, 190 die;

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E by Sir , Gen-

tleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal AiTent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned; '

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and , Private Bills therein mentioned $ and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterburythe Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did, by virtue of the said Commission, and also of His Majesty’s Commission for. holding this Parliament, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine:

An Act to repeal Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-Gxth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain:

An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, *« An Act for the better securing " the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections," and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better " securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at c‘ County Elections:"

An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize, in same of Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador:

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled* " An Act for the Encouragement " of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cot-" tons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vetting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Pro-u prietors, for a limited Time :"

An Act for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and Other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shore in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair:

An Act to amend, and render effectual, an Act of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and -

ball Rivers, and bounded oh the South East by the Hard Lands of IJleham, Fordham, Sobam, and Wicken and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands, and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof:

An Act for amending an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for re-building the Church of the Parish of Mary alias

Wanstead, in the County of Essex:

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York; for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there; and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River EJk,within the said Town:

An Act for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and other Roads communicating the rewith:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and the Road from Corfenarget to in

the said County of Dumfries:

An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Town of Bafwgjloke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odibam, in the County of Southampton; and for extending the Limits of the said last mentioned Road, from the present Termination thereof in the said Town of Odibam, to the Road leading from thence through the said Town to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odibam, in the County of Southampton, to Farnbam, in the County of Surrey:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to The Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from The Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said County j and for making, amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Chey-ney Lane up Heaclington Hill, to join the present Enflow Branch of Road in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present 3 Road

29 Geo. III,

19° Mali

Road up Cheyney Lane and Sbotovtr Hill, to the West Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, find Lammas

End of the Town of Wheatley, and for amending and Lands and Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands,

widening the Road from the West End of the said within the Manors of and Hammonds, Other-

Town to the said Enflow Branch of Road: wife Shipcot, and in the Parish of in the

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an County of Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for An Act for dividing arid allotting the Open and repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and County of Stafford, in the Port Road towards the City Grounds, in Pulton, alias in the Village or

of Chester,through Woor, in the County of Salop, Tything of in the Parish of Chickerill, alias'

West Chickerill, in the County of Dorset An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Mecbtn If coed and Plas y , in the County of Montgomery }

An Act fordividingi allotting, and laying in Seve-

to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from

Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Earvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester,together with a certain other Road therein mentioned, so far as relates to the First Distfift of the said Roads:

An Act for repairing certain Roads in the County of ralty, the Open and Common Fields, Comrpon Mea-Perth, and for explaining and amending an Act, dows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Urcbfont present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Beecbingjloke, in the County of Wilts: and Ferries, in the County of Perth: . An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Com-Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within monable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lord-the same: fb ip or Liberties of Grooby, in the Parish of Rally, and

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several County of Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-sevenrfr, and An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Faf-George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads tures, and Waste Grounds,- in the Parish of fVbatton, leading through the Counties of Lanark and Ren- in the County of

frexv: An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- Pastures within the Township of in the West

pair, the Road leading from Conglctcn to Colley Bridge, Riding of the County of and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green, in the Parish An Act to enable Charles Watkin John of Prejlbury,in the County of Chest^r; and for setting Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and

out and making new Roads from Smithy Green afore- life the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Shakerley, said, to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road pursuant to the Will of Peter Shakerley, Esquire, de* at Ebatcbmarfb Bottom, in the Parish of Harting- ceased:

ton, in the County of Derby, and from the firlt-mentioned Road to the Havannab Mills:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for

An Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth JatkJon: An Act for naturalizing Anthony Demezy.

Sir William Dolben repotted from the Committee, sibfoed Feni* repairing the Road from the Bridge on Eke Old River to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suf-and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands folk: and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Sib-

An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping ford Ferris, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County in Repair, several Roads, leading from the late Market of Oxford, was committed j That the Committee had House, in Stourbridge, in the County of ll orcester', and examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of to the said Roads; and for amending the Road from Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Coalbourne Brook, through Wollaston to Churchill Field Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Corner, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford: and found the same to be true; and that the Parties

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three concerned had given their Conlent to the Bill, to the Acts made intheTwenty-sixthandTwenty-ninth Years Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of

One Yard Land and an Half, who declared themselves against the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consist of 41 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before

of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Leonard, Shore-

ditch, in the County of Middlesex; and also for repair- the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Coming, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Worship Street to Crown Street, along the Eall Side of Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him Moorfields: to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Hallett, Esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the laying out the Money arising by the Sale in the Pur- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

chafe of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir John Philipps, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the Estates so to be veiled in Trustees to be sold:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called IVifwellMoor, in the Township of Wf-

vstll, and Parish of Wballey, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved; That the Petition of feve- petition far ral Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, in the County prov?fionto of Somerset, which was presented to the House upon BudUsnd

the 4th Day of this Instant May, and then ordered to pii),}h^,(4Ro*4 be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to

again, and

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- referred ro*

passed in the Eighth Year of

ting in Execution an Act,

37*

I p°- — 40® Mali.

A. 1789.

of the Reign of His present Majesty> intituled, Act The other Orders of the Day being read;

Act for repairing and widening the Road from Ordered, That the Debate on the Motion, made Debtteon

Buckland Dinbam to the End of the Parish of Tim/- upon fhurjday lasty That the Bill for the Relief of Motion for " bury, and also the Road from Midfomer Norton to Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment Debta'A^Bai'*1* the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Philip, of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so-far adjourned.

as relates to imprisoned Debtors, be committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Cockbornfath the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Sum of £. 1,000, out of the unexhavfted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited-Ellates in North Report which, upon the 7th Day of this Indiant May, Britain, towards completing and finishing the Bridge was made from the Committee to whom the said Pe- over the Pees or Pass of in the County

titions were severally referred, as dated that no Person of Berwick, was committed,- be received Tomorrow appeared in Support of the said drd-mentioned Pcti- Morning.

tition, might be read. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

And the same being read accordingly} the whole House, to whom it was referred to confides

Ordered, That the said Petition of several Gentle- further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be re-

" and also the Road from fucker's Grave to the (< Road leading from Wellow, to a Place known by " the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset," was referred, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That so much of the

Report Supply deterred*

Highland Society Bill deferred.

men, Freeholders, and others, in the County of Jet, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pbelips, Mr. Huffey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appropriating the Sum of £. 3,000, out of the unexhauftod Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh, to public Uses, in that Part of the Kingdom;

Smith Shields Paving Bill mmittml.

ceived Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 20° Mail;

- . > >

Anno 29® Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Right honourable Charles Petition from Earl of Harrington, and the humble Petition of Harrington, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Jedidiab Strutt and Sons, being Owners of Mills situate and Mr. Stnitt ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. on the River in the County of Derby ', was

presented to the-House, and read; Taking Notice of fad Canal A Bill for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watch- the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Ca- ®'u* ing the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, nal from or near Green, -in the Courlty of

within the Town of South Shields, and Parts adjacent, Derby,to join and communicate with the Erewash Ca-and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Ob- nal, at or near Bridge, in the Counties of

structions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was Nottingha and or One of them, and also Two read a Second Time. Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal, at

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Call, or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in Mr. fempeft,&c.: And they are to meet this After- the County of Derby, and the other from the said in-

Dunfton and

Mfthering-ham Inclosure and Drainage Bill committed.

Durham Debtors Petition*

Westminster Society Bill deferred.

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and melding the Open Common Fen and Ings in the Parish of Dunfton, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the same, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Metheringham, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Call,

Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this of the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of them, or from any Reservoir or Reservoirs to be Chamber. made for- supplying the said intended Canal and Col-

lateral Cuts with Water, with a Proviso, that nothing . A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s in the Act should empower the Cromford Canal Corn-Gaol at Durham,was presented to the House, and read , pany to divert or take, for the Use or Supply of the

tended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of Selfton, in the County of Nottingham; and Setting forth, That Power is given, by the said Bill, to suppiy the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts with Water from the River Derwent, and from all Rivers,: Brooks, Springs, Streams, Rivulets, and Watercourses, which shall be found in making the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, or within the Distance of Yards from any Part

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of them, any Water from or out of the River Derwent, or from any of the Brooks, Streams, or Watercourses, which now run into the River Derwent, except between the Hours of on every Saturday

Afternoon and on every Sunday Afternoon,

and the Whole of such Water, so to be taken, not to amount to more in Quantity than what shall be equal to . Part of the Water of the said Ri-

ver Derwent at Cromford Bridge during the Time aforesaid; and that, the Petitioners conceive, their Mills on the said River will be elfentially injured if the said Clauses and Provisions Hand Part of the said Bill: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, 4 before

tg Geo. III.

lo° Mail.

377

before the Committee, against the said ClauseS or Provisi ons.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con fid nation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Cwmo itted j and that ihc Petitioners be heard, by themfrlves, their Agents, or Counfe], before the said Committee, upon their I'etirion, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in pavour oi the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Barton Ro>d Mr. Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to yri«d.nre* ^hom the Pcti-ion of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, Tioflees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King’s Horton, in the County of Worcester, and to the Upper End of Garrow Gieen, in the Parish of and to the Bell I>;n,

in the Parish of Bed Broughton, in the said Councy of Worcester, and also of the several other Persons whole Names arc thereunto also subscribed, residing near to that Part of the said Road as lies between the Turnpike Road at Hatton aforesaid and Hockley Heath, in the laiu County, anil the other Roads thereafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turn-

pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Parry, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in rep.ming that Part of the said Road which lies between the Turnpike Road at Hatton and Heath,

for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and fume further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King’s Norton, in the County of and to the Upper

End of Garrow Great, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bull Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of And that Mr. Lad-

broke and Sir George August us William do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Royal Ex- Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom

*n«SBin<rur" t^IC to t‘n"blc the Royal Exchange AfiTurance of

potted.' fe* Houses and Goods from Fire, and their Successors,

to grant, purchase, and fell Annuities, upon or for any Life or Lives, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. XLIV.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Anjlrutber reported from the Committee; to Greenock

whom the Petition of the Baillics and Town Coun- Harbour Ptti-cil of the Town of Greenock, and of several other tionrel’0Ittd* Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Mattrr of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for supplying the Inhabitants wien fresh and wholesome Water, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Places within the said Town, was read, whereby it appears. That certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Baillies of the Town of Greenock, and to certain Trustees and Commissioners, for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: Then,

Mr. Patrick Hunter being examined, said. That the Trustees and Commissioners have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, of which the Sum of £. 1,423 now remains due, over and above a Balance expended by them to the Amount of £.3,888. 8 a. 1 which Monies cannot be paid, nor the Purposes of the said Act be fulfilled, unless further Powers are granted to the Trustees and Commissioners for that Purpose, and the said Act be explained and amended in several Particulars; that the said Harbour is not sufficiently large for the Reception and convenient lying of the Ships and Vrftcls resorting thereto, and it would be of great public Utility, and of great Benefit and Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town 0 if the said Harbours were enlarged, and proper Quays and Piers made and erected for the Reception and Safety of the Ships and Vessels entering and lying therein; but that the said Trustees and Commissioners have at present no Fund for carrying the said Purposes into Execution. — And the Witness added, That it would greatly tend to the more speedy completing the said Work, if certain Vessels coming into the said Port and Harbour (which are now exempted from the Payment of the Rates and Duties) were subjected to the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, cleanfi.

" ing, and making more commodious, the Harbours " of the Town of Greenock, for supplying the Inha-

bitants with fresh and wholesome Water, and for " paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the " Streets and other public Places within the said Town :" And that Mr. Jnjlrutber and Mr. Demp~ Jler do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Tarportcy Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Jflon Bridge, near , in

the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

5 D Road

L.

20° M

Slaney’s Estate Bill reported, and paised.

Fitzherbert’s Estate Bill re* ported, and pafl*ed.

Sussex Debtors Petition.

Bourton and Watclifield Inclosure Bill reported.

A. 1789.

Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Act on Bridge, near in the fame

County.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraba do' carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee-, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers undivided Parts of certain Estates in Staffordshire, the settled Property of the Re-

verend Jonas Slaney and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in entire Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords s and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Bazil Fitzherbert, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Parts of the settled Estates remaining unfold, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt confined in His Majesty’s Gaol or Prison in and for the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlets of Bourton and ,in the

Parish of Sbrivenbam, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 80 Acres and 2 Roods of Land, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 7a Acres of Land, who had not been applied to; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of 2,32a Acres, or thereabouts j and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That-the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westmins Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Resident Traders, and Inhabitants of the Borough of , in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have found by Experience, that the Act of the Twenty-fifth of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, has been insufficient to prevent the Injuries they feel, in common with others thelnhabitants of this Kingdom, by the Haw-kers. Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen not only intruding themselves into Towns and Places where the Resident Shopkeepers arc, and are there subject to enormous Rents and heavy Taxes, and also to the Execution of Parochial and other Offices, but where they' also fell Goods of inferior Qualities, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants of this Kingdom: And therefore praying. That the House will take the peculiar Circumstances of their same into Consideration, and by some wife Regulations prevent the Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, from intruding themselves into any City, Town, or Place, to fell their Goods, not only on Fairs and Market Days, but at any other Time, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and grant to the Petitioners such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition

Trial of Mr*

Halting*.

Petirion from Truio, against the Hawkers and Pedlars.

2o° M

119

Petition from A Petition of the Shopkeepers of the County of the and Fahnouthj Borough of Carmarthen was also presented to the against the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Pedlars" and hope t^ie House will take into Consideration how much the fair Trader is injured by the Number of Hawkers and Pedlars that continually travel into that Country, the far greater Number without Licence, yet although Persons of the above Description take out a Licence to travel, they still have a very great Advantage over the Resident Trader, because the latter is obliged not only to pay great Relit and heavy Taxes, buc is liable to serve all Parochial and other Offices* which the former is absolutely free from, and he may go from Place to Place, vend his Goods, contraband as well as otherwise, they being beyond all Doubt the greatest Promoters of Smuggling: And therefore praying, That the House will not repeal the Bill fub-jesting Hawkers and Pedlars to the Restraints contained therein.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Fefident Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of , in the County of Cornwall, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and prevent Hawkers, Pedlars, and all Petty Chapmen under such Description, from coming into any City or Town, to fell their Goods, on Market or Fair Days, or at any other Times, to the great Injury of the Resident Trader, and to grant the Petitioners such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill for re-building the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of Montgomery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof by Sale of pertain Waste Lands in the Townships of Globwlch and Ba-chiau, in the said County, was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of Montgomery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof by Sale of certain Waste Lands in the Townships of Globwlch and Bachiau, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Evan Lloyd Vaughan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Llanfyllin Market Jfoufe, See. Bill passed.

Com Regula- The House was moved, That the Order, made fared'1 de* upon ‘Thursday last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " further regulating and ascertaining the Importation " and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Petition A Petition in the Persons whose Names are there-

Chad’sChurch unc^er signed, on. Behalf of themselves, and several Bill. Hundred other Parishioners, of the Parish of Saint

Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, bearing Lot, and paying Scot, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand that there is a Bill depending before the House for re-building their Parish Church, containing many Clauses, which, they conceive, likely to be injurious, burthensome, 3

and oppressive to themselves and their Posterity: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Chad, in the

Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee; upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition:

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships are ready to proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajtings, Esquire, presently, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly j and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do 'go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Troops sent to the West Indies from the Year 1775 to the Year 1782, inclusive; distinguishing the Number originally put on board the Transports, and the Number landed in the West Indies.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered,

The Lords

will proceed present ly on Mr. Hal-tings’* Trial-

Trial of Mr. Halting*.

Account of Troops sent to the West Indiei, pr fen ted*

20° Mali. A. 1789.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Cocktnirn-rp ith Bndg£ Bill repotted.

Petition from the Manufacturers ot African Goods in Birmingham, against the Abo icion of the Slave Traoc.

Petition of the Merchants &c. interfiled in the African Trade trora London against D°.

Mr. Dempster, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Sum of £i,oco, out of the unex-haulted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Bllates in North Britain, towards completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of bu njpath, in the County of Berwick, was committed, the An endments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Housei and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Goods, calculated for the Trade to /ifr'ua, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, a Resolution of the House to take into Consideration the Circumstances of the African Slave Trade, complained of in certain Petitions presented to the House for an Abolition of the said Trade; and that a very considerable Part of the various Manufactures in which the Petitioners are engaged, are adapted to and disposed of for the African Trade, and are not saleable at any other Market; and that several Thousands are employed in, and maintained by, such Manufactures, and, the Petitioners are fully persuaded, should the said Trade be abolished, the Petitioners will be injured in their Fortunes and Property, to a very alarming Extenr, and many Thousands, who depend on them for Employment and Subsistence, be brought into Poverty and Distress: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their most serious Consideration, and to adopt such Mea-fiires for the Preservation of the said Trade as to the House shall feern expedient.

A Petition of the Merchants, Ship Owners, Manufacturers, Tradelinen, and others, directly concerned or otherwise interested in the African Slave Trade, from the Port of London, was all'o presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Slave Trade to Africa is of very great Importance to the Commerce, Navigation, and Manufactures of this Country, and to the Revenues of the fame, and any Law for the Abolition thereof would be attended with infinite Injury, not only to Individuals, but to the Nation at large, and would tend greatly to the Aggrandizement of the French, Spaniards, Dutch,

Portuguese, Danes, and others, who are giving every Encouragement for the Promotion and Improvement of that Branch of Commerce; and that many of the Petitioners not only employ the Whole of their own Capital, but have adventured very considerable Sums upon their Credit in carrying on the Slave Trade, encouraged thereto by the several Acts in Force for that express Purpose, but more especially that of the Twenty-third of King George the Second, for extend-

ing and improving the Trade to j and that

many other of the Petitioners, though not immediate Adventurers to Africa, are Individually interested in the Welfare of that Trade, the principal Part of their Manufactures, and other Commodities, being solely calculated for the African Market, and such as would suit no other, and others of the Petitioners are employed in the Equipment of Shipping for the said Trade, and in making and manufacturing Materials for the fame, whereby they in a great Measure derive a Maintenance for themselves and Families: That the Petitioners, justly alarmed at a Bill proposed to be brought into Parliament to abolish the Slave Trade, beg Leave to represent to the House the fatal Consequences which mult inevitably attend such a Measure — ift, to the Nation at large, by lopping off a very large Portion of its Commerce, its Navigation, and its Revenues, and transferring the same to other Countries — 2dly, to the Merchants immediately adventuring to Africa, whose Fortunes are embarked therein, under the repeated Sanction and Encouragement of the Legislature, a.nd whose Shipping (which, from their peculiar Construction and Equipment, are very expensive) will in a great Measure be rendered useless, being almost wholly unfit for any other Trade; — and, 3dly, in the Ruin of many Thousands, who now live almost wholly by the Commerce, and various Other Branches of Employment, which the African Trade gives Rife to: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, to allow them to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against any Bill that may be brought into Parliament for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Planters of the British Sugar Colo- petiHon from nies, whose Names are thereunto fubftribed, in Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors in the said Colonies, was also presented to the House, and read; Set- the

ting forth. That the Petitioners have perused the several Petitions respecting the Slave Trade, presented to the Trade. House in the last as well as the present Session of Parliament, and understand that the House resolved itself into a Committee on the 12th Instant, to conli-der of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the said Petitions, and that sundry Resolutions were then proposed, tending to the Abolition of the Slave Trade; and representing to the House, that the Continuance of the Slave Trade is absolutely necessary for keeping up and supporting the Plantations already established in the British Colonies in their present State and Condition, and that it is evident, without such Trade is continued, no new Settlements therein can or will be made; and that the Abolition of the Slave Trade will necessarily tend to lessen the Produce of the Sugar Blands, to decrease the Plantation Trade and Shipping, and consequently greatly to diminish the Revenues, and ro weaken the Maritime Force of Great; and

that the Petitioners trust to the Wisdom and Justice of the House, that a Measure of such Magnitude and Importance to the Petitioners, and the Kingdom in general, and which will immediately depreciate and ultimately annihilate the Property of the Petitioners, which, during 150 Years and upwards, has defeended to many of them from their Ancestors, has been purchased by the rest, and held by all under the Faith and Encouragement of Royal Grants, Proclamations, and successive Aits of Parliament, will meet with that deliberate Consideration which the Nature of the Subject requires: And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, and to produce Evidence in Support of their Cafe, and that the House will not come to any Resolution injurious to the Rights and Property of the Petitioners.

6 A Petition

io° Mail.

Petition from several Creditors of the Sugar Colonies, re side nt in Liverpool, against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, Mortgagees, Provision must be great as the Number bf Sufferers Annuitants, and others, Creditors of the Sugar Co- will ‘then certainly become* and extensive as their ionics, and resident in Liverpool,whose Names arc Wants will undoubtedly prove: And therefore pfay-thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, ing. That they may be heard, by themselves or Coun-and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe fel, against the Abolition of the African Slave Trade, by the Votes, that a Committee of the whole House before any Resolutions are passed by the House, in a is appointed to take into Consideration sundry Peti- Matter of so much National Importance, and in which tiens relative to the Slave Trade, some of which, the the Petitioners arc so peculiarly and importantly con-

Petitioners observe, pray for an entire Abolition of such Trade; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House their Apprehensions, that should the Prayer of such Petitions so far influence the Deciflons of the House, as to cause them to determine upon Measures tending to an Abolition of the Slave Trade, immediate ill Effects and eventual Ruin must ensue to the Sugar Colonies, and gonfe-questly great Injury to the Petitioners, who, under

cerned.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of and Dealers in Iron, Copper, Brass, and Lead, in the Borough of Liverpool, for themselves and others, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and their immediate Dependants, form a large Body, all of whom in their various Branches of Manufacture are so connected with the building of and Supplying the Outset and Cargoes of

Petition hot* the Manufacturers'of Iran, Ac. in Liver* pool against the Abolition of the Slave Trade*

the Encouragement and Sanction of repeated Acts of the many Ships employed in the African Trade from the British Legislature, have from Time to Time ad- the said Port, that they may be justly considered as

vanced very large Sums on the Security of the present P’ofleflions and future Profpects of the Proprietors of the said Colonies; and the Petitioners beg Leave further to observe to the House, that on the Continuance and Increase of the Importation of the Produce of the Sugar Cplonies depends that Branch of Commerce so beneficial to the Revenue, wherein the Petitioners for the most Part are engaged, and that

Petition from the African Merchants of Liverpool against D°#

relying upon that Trade only for their Success and Support; and that, in this precarious Situation, the Petitioners, with the utmost Anxiety and Concern, have received Information that the total Abolition of the African Slave Trade will shortly become a Matter of Consideration in the House, and should a Measure so impolitic be unhappily adopted, as the Abolition of a Commerce which has been for some Cen-any Measures, diminishing the Means of Cultivation turics carried on, not only without Interruption, but in our Islands, must of Necessity diminish also that under the immediate Protection of the Legislature, Importation, and at the same Time have a direct and and encouraged by various Bounties and Annual pe-fatal Tendency to encourage and promote the Wealth, cuniary Grants, many of the Petitioners, and Thou-Commerce, Navigation, and Revenue of Rival Na- sands of industrious honest Artificers, will thereby be tiens, at the Expence of our own, as well as operate reduced to a most distressing Situation, perhaps be to the immediate Injury of the PetitionersAnd sent forth solitary Wanderers into the World, to seek therefore praying, That, if any Resolutions, injurious Employment in Foreign Climes: And therefore pray -to the Interest of the Petitioners and the British Sugar ing, That they may be heard, by themselves or Coun-Plantations, should be adopted by the said Commit- fel, against the Abolition of the’ African Slave Trade, tee, they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, A Petition of the Sailmakers of Liverpool, was against the said Resolutions being passed into a also presented to the House, and read; Setting Law. . forth. That the Petitioners form an useful arid fte-

A Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from ceflary Body of Men in the fitting out and sup-the Port of Liverpool,was also presented to the House, , porting the Naval Power of Britain, and their prin-and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners with cipal Dependance in the Port of Liverpool is upon the most anxious Concern observe, that the supplying the Outset and Repairs of Shipping employ-the European Settlements in America with Negro La- ed in the African Trade, which, when that Trade bourers is shortly to come under the Consideration of meets with Encouragement and Success, amounts the House, with the avowed Design of utterly abo- Annually to One hundred Sail, or upwards; and lishing that important Branch of Commerce, and that the Petitioners are greatly alarmed upon being depriving the Subjects of Britain, in every Part of informed that the House will shortly take the Slave her extensive Empire, of the numerous Advantages Trade under their Consideration, with the avowed they have thereby uninterruptedly enjoyed from Time Intention of totally abolishing that important Branch immemorial; and that, under the Sanction of the of Commerce, and the chief Support of the Peti-Laws of this Kingdom, depending on the encourag- tioners Occupation in particular; and that, should so ing Supports Annually granted by Parliament, and fatal a Measure as the Abolition of that Trade be confiding in the Incitements set forth in various re- unhappily adopted, the Petitioners, with their De-peated Declarations of the Legislature, the Mer- pendants and dearest Connections, will be reduced chants of Liverpool have embarked their Fortunes in to great and unavoidable Distress, if some adequate and confined their Commercial Pursuits to the Pro- Compensation be not provided by ParliamentAnd fecution of the said Trade in particular, trusting in a Continuance of that Protection which has hitherto been productive of innumerable Advantages to the Naval Power, various Manufactures, and extensive Commerce of the whole Empire; and that the impolitic Abolition of a Trade, so long established, and

Petition from the Sailmakers of Liverpool against D*

therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Abolition of the African Slave Trade, or that such Relief may be granted them by the House as they shall think proper and needful.

A Petition of the Joiners in Liverpool, was also pre- Petiticrn from fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That ^eTJr°‘^[s m of which this Nation has hitherto enjoyed a princi- the Petitioners,who corhpofea veryconsiderableBody agLnftD0. pal Share, would certainly give a decided Advantage in the said Borough, depend much for Employment to the Fleets and Armies, Commerce and Manufac- upon the great Number of Ships fitted out at that

supply the West India Islands with Negro

tures, of Foreign States, our avowed and most dangerous Rivals, who are wifely and assiduously improving every possible Means of securing to them-lelves what some seem desirous, improvidently, to throw away; and that, should so fatal a Measure as the Abolition of the said Trade be unhappily adopted, Numbers of the Petitioners, and Thousands of others, will be undone and ruined, if some adequate Compensation is not provided by Parliament, which Vol. XLIV.

Port, to supply the West Labourers from the Coast of Africa, and both the Outfit and Cargoes of those Vessels require much of the Joiners Aid, and afford Employment and Subsistence to no inconsiderable Number of industrious Workmen, who are brought up in and rely chiefly upon that particular Branch of Trade; and that the Petitioners are therefore much alarmed and deeply concerned to find that the African Slave Trade will

5 E shortly

Pttotion from the Shipwright* of Liverpool agiinft the Abolition of the Slave Trade*

Petition from the Rope-makers of Liverpool gainlt D°#

20° Maii. 1789*

shortly be taken into Consideration by the House* With the avowed Intention of totally abolishing that important Branch of Commerce, which for Centuries past has been established, protected, and encouraged by the Legislature, and, should so fatal a Measure as the Abolition of the said Trade be unhappily adopts ed. Numbers amongst the Petitioners will be reduced to great and unavoidable Distress, if some adequate Compensation be not provided by Parliament: And therefore praying to be heard) by themselves or Coun-fel, against the Abolition of th Slave Trade,

or that such Relief may be granted them as shall be judged proper and needful by the House.

A Petition of the Shipwrights of was also

’presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the building, repairing, and, when called upon, defending the Wooden Walls of England, has hitherto been the Occupation of the Petitioners, who for Numbers vie with all other Trades in the said populous Sea Port, and the numerous and valuable Vessels built and fitted out there, and calculated solely for the carrying Negro Labourers from Africa to the West Indies, has long constituted a principal Part of the Petitioners Employment, and enabled them to maintain themselves and Families; and that, for several Months last past, the Petitioners have experienced a considerable falling-off in their Trade, and no small Number amongst them have been much distressed, and are still out of Employ, caused, as the Petitioners believe, by fbme Restrictions laid upon the African Commerce in the Course of last Year, and the Petitioners have learnt with great Concern that the total Abolition of this long-established Branch will shortly come under the Confederation of the House; and that a principal Part of the Petitioners Employment at the said Port is in building and repairing the African Ships, and to abolish that Trade would therefore greatly add to their already distressed Situation, reduce still greater Numbers to Want of Employment in that Art they have been brought up to, and by which alone they know how to maintain themselves and all those who are dependant on them, and if deprived of this have no other Resource: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, and permitted to produce Evidence, against the Abolition of the African Slave Trade, or such other Relief granted them as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the Ropemakers of Liverpool, was also presented to the House, and read 1 Setting forth. That the Petitioners compose a considerable Body in the Borough of Liverpool, and their Occupation gives Employment to Numbers, from Ten Years old and upwards, who are regularly trained to the said Manufacture, and, by the Importation of Foreign bulky Articles, such as Hemp and Tar, the Petitioners are enabled to encourage and increase a valuable Nursery for Seamen, and in Time of War are empowered to give additional Strength to the Royal Navy, by many useful Recruits from their own Body; and that the principal Dependance of the Petitioners is upon the Number of Ships fitted out at the said Port, and employed in supplying the West India Islands with Negro Labourers from the Coast of , and the Petitioners therefore cannot, without the most alarming Apprehensions, consider the Danger to which they are exposed by a Question shortly to be agitated in the House, with the avowed Design of totally abolishing the African Slave Trade; and that, Should such an impolitic Step be unhappily adopted, it would certainly be attended with alarming Effects in this important Branch of British Manufacture, and greatly add to the Distress of many amongst the Petitioners, who are already out of Employ from some Restrictions only, not long since imposed upon the African Commerce: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the

Abolition of the African Slave Trade, dr that such Compensation may be granted diem as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Coopers of Liverpool, was also pre- Petition from fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That ^*vCoop^r* °* the Coopers in the said Borough compose a numerous and considerable Body of People, brought up in, and Abolition of solely dependant on, that Branch of Business, for the x^?' Support of themselves and Families, and the Outset of Ships employed ih carrying Negro Labourers from Africa to the West Indies constitute so important a Part of the Petitioners Trade, that the Loss of it would deprive great Numbers of them of the only Means they are acquainted with of procuring Subsistence, and expose them to the utmost Distress, Beggary, and Ruin; and that the Number is not inconsiderable of those amongst the Petitioners who have hitherto supported a reputable Rank in Life, and cannot* without heartfelt Anxiety, behold the impending;

Danger, which threatens DestruCkion to all their fairest Hopes; and that the Abolition of the African Trade, which, the Petitioners are informed, will shortly be agitated in the House, would, if unhappily adopted, be productive of the many fatal Consequences above mentioned in their particular Trade, is to the Petitioners evident ana certain, and if so many will thereby be ruined in One Branch only, what Havock will it then make in the aggregate Body of Artificers throughout Britain, who depend thereon for their Daily Bread! And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, and permitted to produce Evidence in the House, against the Abolition of a Trade which gives Support to themselves and numerous Families, or that such adequate Compensation may be provided by the House as they shall deem meet.

A Petition of the Gunmakers in Liverpool, whose P«titions from Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Supply Liverpool of the African Ships with Small Arms (an essential D». Article in their Cargoes) gives Employment to many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects, whose foie Dependance is now upon that Branch of Commerce, and, if the Petitioners had not this Resource in Time of Peace, a sufficient Number of Workmen, skilful in that Branch, could not be kept in Readiness to provide Arms when Necessity required them for National Defence, and the Petitioners are therefore much alarmed, and deeply concerned, to find that the African Slave Trade will shortly be taken into the Consideration of the House, with the avowed Intention of totally abolishing that important Branch of Commerce, which, for Centuries past, has been established, protected, and encouraged, by the Legislature; and that, Should so fatal a Measure as the Abolition of the said Trade be unhappily adopted. Numbers amongst the Petitioners will be reduced to great and unavoidable Distress, if some adequate Compensation be not provided by Parliament: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Abolition of the Slave Trade, or that such Relief may be granted them by the House as shall be judged proper and needful.

A Petition of the Blockmakers of Liverpool, was also Petition from presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners form a useful and necessary Body to- Liverpool wards fitting and supporting the Naval Power of these *xa‘nft D®-Kingdoms, and their principal Dependance in the Port of Liverpool is upon the Outset and Repairs of Ships employed in the African Trade, which, when that Trade meets with Encouragement and Success,

Annually amount to One hundred Sail and upwards; and that the Petitioners, with much Solicitude and anxious Concern, observe, that the African Slave Trade is shortly to come under the Consideration of the House, with the avowed Intention of abolishing

that

Petition from the Bakers in Liverpool a^iinft the Abolition of the Slave Trade*

Petition from the Manufacturers of African Gooda in Manchelicr, againII D°#

that important Branch of Commerce, and chief Support of the Petitioners Occupation in particular, and, should so fatal a Measure as the Abolition of that Trade be unhappily adopted, the Petitioners, and their Dependants and dearest Connexions, will be reduced to great and unavoidable Distrcfsj if some adequate Compensation is not provided by Parliament: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Couiu fel, against the Abolition of the African Slave Trade, or that such Relief may be granted them by the House as they shall think proper and needful.

A Petition of the Bakers in Liverpool, was allb presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, who compose a very numerous Body in the said Borough, depend chiefly for Employment upon the great Number of Ships fitted out in that Port to supply the West India Islands with Negro Slaves from the Coast of Africa, and, from the great Number of People, Whites and Blacks, to be fed on board each of those Ships during a long Voyage, that Commerce is rendered the Petitioners principal Dependance, and to deprive them of that Source would take from the Petitioners the Means of providing for thein-selves and Families, and reduce them to the utmost Distress j and that the Petitioners are therefore much alarmed and deeply concerned to find, that the African Slave Trade will shortly be taken into Consideration by the House, with the avowed Intention of totally abolishing that important Branch of Commerce, which for Centuries part has been established, proteXed, and encouraged, by the Legislature, and, Should so fatal a Measure as the Abolition of the said Trade be unhappily adopted, Numbers amongst the Petitioners will be reduced to great and unavoidable Distress, if some adequate Compensation be not provided by Parliament: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Abolition of the African Slave Trade, or that such Relief may be granted them by the House as shall be judged proper and needful.

A Petition of the ManufaXurers of Goods calculated for the Trade to Africa, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, was also presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, observing by the Votes, that several Petitions have been presented to obtain a total Abolition of the African Slave Trade, beg Leave to represent that the said Trade is universally deemed expedienc by all the European Nations possessing any of the West India I Hands, and that it has hitherto had the SanXion and ProtcXion of the Legislature of this Country} and that, in Consequence of such SanXion, the Manu-laXurers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Man-chester have embarked their Property to a very large Amount in the Manufacture of Goods calculated for the African Trade, and many Thousand Workmen arc constantly employed in the making of those Articles, and, in calc an Abolition of the Trade was to take Place, the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House the great Loss which would be sustained by the Town and Neighbourhood of and the

certain Ruin of the great Number of Workmen employed in the Manufacture, who would consequently be deprived of the Means of supporting themselves and Families; and that the Petitioners cannot but be seriously alarmed left the Abolition of the Slave Trade would (so far from serving the Cause of Humanity) have no other Essex than to ruin a most beneficial and extensive Branch of Commerce, to the very great Advantage of our Rival Nations, who are using every Endeavour to cherish and support the Trade: And therefore praying to be heard in the House, by themselves and their Counsel, before a Measure so injurious to the Petitioners, and destruXive of so important a Branch of British) Commerce, be resolved upon.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Town of ,was also

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, as Trustee* of the Corporate Fund of the said Town, have always been ready, not only to give every Encouragement in their Power to the Commercial Interests of that Part of the Community more immediately under their Care, but as much as possible to strengthen the Reins of Government, and promote the public Welfare; and that the Trade of Liverpool having met with the Countenance of the House in many AXs of Parliament, which have been granted at different Times during the present Century, for the construXing of proper and convenient Wet Docks for its Shipping, and more especially for the African Ships, which from their Form require to be constantly afloat, the Petitioners have laid out considerable Sums of Money, and pledged their Corporate Seal for other Sums to a very large Amount, for effeXuating those Purposes; and, the Petitioners have also been happy to fee the great Increase and different Resources of Trade which has flowed in upon their Town, by the numerous Canals and other Communications from the interior Parts of this Kingdom, in which many Individuals, as well as public Bodies of Proprietors, are materially interested; and that from those Causes, particularly the Convenience of the Docks, and some other local Advantages, added to the enterprizing Spirit of the People, which has enabled them to carry on the African Slave Trade with Vigour, the Town of Liverpool has arrived at a Pitch of Mercantile Consequence which cannot but affex and improve tho Wealth and Prosperity of the Kingdom at large, and the Petitioners therefore contemplate, with real Concern, the Attempts now making, by the Petitions lately preferred to the House, to obtain a total Abolition of the African Slave Trade, which has hitherto received the Session of Parliament, and for a long Series of Years has constituted, and (till continues to form, a very extensive Branch of the Commerce of Liverpool, and in Essex gives Strength and Energy to the Whole: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Abolition of this Source of Wealth, before the House shall proceed to determine upon a Point which so essentially concerns the Welfare of the Town and Port of Liverpool in particular, and the Landed Interest of the Kingdom in general, and which, in the Petitioners Judgment, must also tend to the Prejudice of the British ManufaXurers, must ruin the Property of the English Merchants in the lV$fl Indies, diminish the Public Revenue, and impair the Maritime Strength of Great Britain.

A Petition of the Merchants, Mortgagees, Annuitants, and other Creditors of the Sugar Colonies, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Committee of the House have under their Consideration sundry Petitions relative to the Slave Trade, some of which, the Petitioners observe, pray an entire Abolition thereof, and the Petitioners apprehend, that, should the Prayer of such Petitions so far influence the Decisions of the House, as to occasion any Measures tending to an Abolition of the Slave Trade, immediate ill EffeXs, and eventual Ruin, must ensue to the Sugar Colonies, and consequently great and irreparable Injury to the Petitioners, who, under the Encouragement and Sanction of repeated Acts of the British Legislature, have advanced, from Time to Time, many Millions on the Security of the present Possessions and future Prof-peXs of the Proprietors in the said Colonies; and that the Petitioners beg Leave farther to suggest to the House, that on the Continuance and Increase of the Importation of the Produce of the Sugar Colonies,

5 . depends

Petition from the Corporation of Liverpool against the Abolition of the Slava Trade.

Petition from several Creditors of the SugarColonies against D°*

Petition from the Agents for Antigua against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

Moland’i Estate Bill reported, and patted.

A. 1789.

depends that Branch of Commerce, so beneficial to the Revenue, wherein the Petitioners, for the most Part, are engaged, and any Measures, diminishing the Means of Cultivation in our Islands, must of Necessity also diminish that Importation, and at the same Time have a direct and fatal Tendency to encourage and promote the Wealth, Commerce, Navigation, and Revenue of Rival Nations, at the Expence of our own, as well as operate to the immediate Injury of the Petitioners, without being eventually of Service to the Cause of Humanity; and, the Petitioners therefore trust, that the House will reject all Measures tending to an Abolition of the Slave Trade, upon which the Existence and Welfare of the Sugar Colonies so much depend, and in which the Property and Credit of the Petitioners are so deeply interested and involved And therefore praying. That the House will adopt no Resolution injurious to their Interestq, and that they may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, and to adduce Evidence at the Bar of the House, in Support of their just Rights.:

A Petition of John Burton and Esquire3, Agents for the Island of likewise

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have perused the several Petitions re-lpefting the Slave Trade, presented to the House in the last as well as in the present Year, and as the Petitioners Consti'tuents, through their Ancestors, and those whose Estates they have now, hold under the Crown as Purchasers for a valuable Consideration, and as they have, on the Faith of Royal Charters, and under the Sanction of Parliament, inverted the Whole of their Fortunes in the said Island, to the Amount of several Millions Sterling, the Petitioners cannot-but express the deepest Concern to learn the House re-; solved itself into a Committee, on the iath Instant, to consider the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained Qf in the said Petitions, a Trade On which the very Existence of the Colony so very materially depends, that the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that, should any Resolution be come to which may tend to the Abolition of the said Trade, the dreadful Result will be, the Abandonment of the Island, the utter Ruin of its Inhabitants, and great Loss and Injury to the Trade, Manufactures, Navigation, and Revenue of this Country s And therefore praying. That they may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, and to produce Evidence in Support of their Cafe, and that the House will not come to any Resolution injurious to the Rights and Property of the Petitioners Constituents.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Esquire, natural Guardian of his Infant Daughters, Elizabeth Moland', Anna Maria Moland, Latitia Martha

Moland, and Margaret Lucy Moland, and, in case of his Death, the future Guardian or Guardians of his said Daughters, during their Minorities, to grant Building Leases of One undivided Moiety of certain Lands, in the Parishes of Birmingham, and Aston near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to lay out convenient Streets, Ways, and Passages, to the Buildings to be erected thereon, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And ’he said Bill was read the Third Time.

S

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for protesting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath,from Injury by Encroachments and Annoyances, for enlarging or re-building the present Pump Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Ap-. proaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Room6> more safe and commodious, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of devor, in the County of Southampton, to or near bridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County, be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2&th Day of this Instant May.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Sixth: Year of the- Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, w and for the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, " Plants, and Shrubs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts dt Parliament relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Bufio Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings of Odiham, Northwarnborough, Hillfide, Rye,

and Stapely, in the Parish of Odiham, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of, and amending, an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Gate,

near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at side, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binfiey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck,in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty JCing George the Third, so far as the same relate to repairing. the Road from Doncafitr, through the Parish

Committee oil Bath Streets, &c. Bill to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record*.

Day appointed for Second Reading of An dev or Canal Bill.

Motion for Bill to amend Act for en» coil raging the Cultivation of Trees, &c.

The Lords have agreed to

Shoreditch. Roads Bill.

Odiham In* closure Bill.

Shaddon Gate Road Bill.

Doncaster Road Bill.

9 Geo. III.

20

flridlington Harbour Bill.

The Lord* will proceed To- morrow on Mr. Haf-tings’s Trial,

of Penifton, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, palfcd in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the First, Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mail

gui thing, Tax.

3%

as far as possible, the Amount of each

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Report be received To-

Report Supply cefe. red*

morrow Morning.

Bill to amend Act for encouraging the Cultivation of Trees. Sec. ordered.

The Order of the Day bring read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called Common,

and Eighty-four Acres of Land in Greens and Lanes, within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampjcn, in the county of;

And the House being informed. That the several

Chelworrti To* Clofll’i* Bill committed.

That the

Then the Question being put. That Leave be given Persons who petitioned this House upon the ift Day to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the of this Instant May, praying to be heard, by them. Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- selves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which tituled, " An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until " and for the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being

Plants, and Shrubs j’ The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Mr. Main waring, 7

| Sir Joseph: J

3°-

6.

Pawnbrokers Bill prclcnted.

Debate on

Motion for committing the Debtors Bill resumed.

Tellers for the Noes 5i^r"

tellers for the woes, |<Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring and Sir Maw-

bey do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Newnbam presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon

heard, by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Jteage, Mr. Annejley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition, of George Adams and Crook Godby, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Outer Boundaries, and also within the Inner Boundaries of the late Forest of Braydon, within the Manors and Tythings of Great Chelworth and , or

One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint in the County of Wilts,which was presented to the Houfpupon the ift Day of this Instant May, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is" committed and that the Petitioners-be

Petition agiind re-fen ed, and Cotinlel or* dued.

Thursday last, That the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Com-

Bill committed.

Accounts

ordered.

Produce of Customs, Ex-cife, Stamps, and Incidents.

Produce of Customs.

D° of Excise.

Sums paid into the Exchequer of Duties on Stamps.

for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors, be committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burges, Sir Richard Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,‘in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,; an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th of April 1787 and the 5th of April 1788, and between the 5th of April 1788 and the 5th of April 1789;

Ordered, That there be laid'before this Fioufe, an Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, distinguishing, as far as possible, the Proditce of every separate Article,- the Duty on which has amounted to J.r,oooo, or upwards, between the 5th of April 1788, and the 5th of April 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties of Excise, distinguishing, as far 3s possible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to £. 1,000, or upwards, between the 5th of Aprtl 1788 and the 5th of April 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer, between the 5th of April 1788, and the 5th of April 1789, on Account of the Duties on Stamps, distin-Vot. XLIV.

mittee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill for ascertaining th^Powers, and limiting the Jurisdiction, of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker', and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the " Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who " shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Baker* Company Bill del erred.

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

And then the Morning,

House adjourned Ten of the Clocks

5 F

till Tomorrow

Jovis,

386 ai0 Maii. A 1789.

yovisj 21° dk Math,

Anno 290 Georgii III. U Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

Mcflagtfor /ORDERED, That a Message be sent to the Lords, wimeireVon by Mr. Wilbrabamwith the Names of several Mi.Hastings’t Witnesses to be examined to make out the Impeach-Tml* ment against Warren H Esquire, and to desire

that the Lords will make forth Summonses for their Attendance at the said Trial;

Samuel Wilkes, Esquire,

John Smith Esquire.

p*P''*».Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Or-foliment Bin der, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment presented. of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords have agreed to

Coniftoa Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have passed

Northey’s Estate BilJ.

Sir John In-gilbv’s Elbue bill.

Fofter’s Estate BilJ.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for - dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in Holdemejs, in the East Riding of the County of York -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William -they, Esquire, in the County of , in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses -, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, to charge his settled Estates in the County of York in the Manner therein mentioned ;to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating the Sale of certain Estates late of John Foster, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Petition tot Mr. Pbelips reported from the Committee, to whom

ProrUion'to I>el>t'on of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and BuckUnd others, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That Dir.bam Road the Committee had examined, and found that the itporte . gtan{jing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, except the Standing Order which requires an Account of the Money subscribed for making a new Road, it not being determined to repair and widen the Piece of Road in the Petition mentioned at the Time the Notices were given of the intended Application for a Bill to continue the Act for repairing the Roads from Buckland Dinbam to the End of the Parish of Timsbury, and other Roads therein mentioned, but that the Length of the said Road is only One Mile and Three Quarters, and it is not propofea to erect any Turnpike, or take any Toll thereon; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Miles being examined, said. That the Road from the Gallows Hill,in the Parish of to

join the Buckland Dinbam Road, in the Street of Jock, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ofdered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee; to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinbam to the End of the Parish of Yimsbury, and also the Road from Mid-Jomer Norton to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from Wellow to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Gallows Hill, in the Parish of Kilmerjdon, in the said County, to join the Buckland Dinbam Road aforesaid, in the Street of Radjlock.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the; Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in . Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1787 to the 24th of December 1788, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

r

An

Trial of Mr. Hidings.

Account of Extraordinaire* of the Army presented.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of 1787 to the 04th of

1788, both indufive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Date* of Warrant*.

1788. February 15 th.

March 21ft. 22d.

24th.

Jpril jSth.

'June nth.

July 2d.

Jugufl 2d.

16th. November 6th.

To Thomas Everett, Esquire, upon Account, for vi&ualling the Garrison of Gibraltar,between the ill and 28th

ber 1787 ——

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 3d and 30th September 1787 —

To D®, upon Account, for vi<ftualling D® Garrison, between the 29th October and 25th November 1787 — —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 25th November and 23d December

1787 — —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison,

between the 24th December 1787 and 20th January

1788 — —

To D®, upon Account, for the remaining Moiety of the Value of Provisions to be sent by him to Gibraltar — —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between the 21st January and 17th

February 1788 — — —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between 18th February to 16th March 1788 —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 17th March and 13th Jpril 1788 —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D# Garrison, between the 14th Jpril and nth May

1788 — —

To D®, for Six Months Supply of India Provisions shipped for Gibraltar, as a Deposit in that Garrison — —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, between the 12th May and 8ch June

1788 — —

2,789 14 — 2,764 15 6

— 2,827 19 5

— 2,835 *3 8

— 2,812 1 10

— — 9»75° ——

2,864 — 2,880 3 2,886 to

8

8

— 2,915 6 3

— i3>85* 4 2

— 2,902 — 6

Jugufl x 8th. To Evan Nepean, Esquire, towards the Purchase of Live Stock for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar — — 604 11 —

October 22d. To D®, to complete the Balance of an Account due

for the Purchase of D® for D® Service — 251 15 —

September 10th. January icth.

21ft. Jpril 14th. 25th. May7th. June 6 th.

July 14th. jugujl 16th.

To John Carleton, for providing and shipping a Supply of Live Cattle for the Use of D® Garrison — — > —

To MdTrs. John Turnbull, and Geo. and Thomas

Gregory, upon Accounr, for Provisions delivered for Use of the Troops in Canada and the West Indies — — 4,866 I i

To D®, upon Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia and Grenada' — . 8,230 2 4

To D®, upon Account, for D°*issued to the Troops

in Nova Scotia — — ' — ' 1,689 t6 7

To D°, upon Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in Canada — — — 2,508 2 9

To D®, upon Account, for D® delivered for the

Troops at Halifax — ‘ — 569 8 2

To D®, upon Account, for D® issued to the Troops at Halifax, between the 28th February and 26th March 1788 - 568 17 9

To D®, upon Account, for D* delivered For the Troops

in Canada and Nova Scotia - — 5,820 8 4

To D®, upon Account of Provisions supplied by them for the Troops in the West Indie — 3,000 — —

52,079 IO I

856 fi-

lial 6 —

To

a i° Mali.

A. 1789.

D»tesofW»rrants.

1788.

August 16th. To Messrs. John Turnbull, Mackenzie Macaulay, and Thomas Gregory, upon Account, for Provisions delivered for the Use of the Troops in Canada — OQobar 21ft..: To DVtipon Account, for D® issued for the Troops in Canada, Nova Scotia, and the West Indies —

To D®, upon Account, for D° delivered to the Troops in Nova Scotia — — —

To D®, upon Account, for D® delivered for the Troops in Canada — — — ~

November 6th. To D®, upon Account, being the remaining Moiety Of i'll ,oco stipulated to be paid by their Concradt, for victualling the Troops in Nova Scotia —

To D®, upon Account, to reimburse the Duties paid in Ireland, on Provisions which have been shipped for the Use of the Troops fetving Abroad —

January 10th. To Mcflrs. Neave and Aiftabie, for Provisions purchased for the Troops in the West Indies —

21ft. To D®, to complete the Purchase of a Supply of Provisions for 6,500 Men — — —

April 25th. To D®, for Provisions purchased by them for the Troops in the West Indies

Guernsey, and Jersey — — . —

July8th. To D®, upon Account, for D® Service — —

1,268 9 9

12,818 18 —

3*971 5 4

6*554 7 11

6,000 — —

i,co8 18 6

1,241 12 6

10,150 — —

13*939 9 10

ip in the Blands 226 9 7 216 9 7

June 23d.

1787. December 21ft.

1788. February 14th.

To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for sundry Articles purchased. by him, for Presents to the Indians in Canada — . — — -

To [Li G. Sherard, to be paid over to' sundry Officers of the 69th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses they sustained on board the Penjy hernia Packet, when taken by the French, the 31st 1781 , . 'T* , — . 325 1

15thw

__March 5 th.

24th.

~ 158 *5 -

— 475 13 —

—; t ' — -O ': 302 15: 4

T* " 39 5 9

To Sir Will"Fawcett, for the Balancq of his Account of Difourfemepts, as Plenipotentiary and Commissary for treating with several German Princes for Foreign Troops, from August 1775 to April

1783 . ,rr —

To Lieut. Edward r . the Balance of his

Account of Disbursements, for His Majesty’s Forts in Africa, under his Command^ from 10th May

1784 to 17th January 1786 To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be paid over to James

Butler, formerly a, Settler in the Province of Georgia and £ aft Florida, for Rations, of Provisions due to him on the.. Evacuation- of these Provinces

To M. G. O'Hara, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltar, from 25th of June to 24th December 1787 To Joseph Corbett, Owner of the Brig Catherine, for Freight, Losses, and-Damages, in conveying a Body of Troops to England, that were taken from on Board the Shelburne Transport, which foundered at Sea'

To Messrs. Cha’ Herri and.C®, Agents to Messrs. de Larrard and C®, for a Cargo of Wheat, on board the Brig Catherine, which was Part thrown overboard for the Accommodation, and the Remainder used for the Troops on board the said Vessel — May 12th. To Lieut. Col. De Lancey, for the Expences incurred by him in the Employment committed to his Care, of adjusting Military Transactions relating to North America, from 5th April .1787 to15th April — — —

To ’Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be paid over to Paul Hamilton, Planter, late of the Province of South Carolina, for Provisions, due to him on the Evacua-

21ft.

T" -776 J9 7

1*613 *4 4

— . ai 3 5 3

58,874 16 6

*5»33i 2 4

452 19 2

25,013 14 8

tien

110 Mali.

Date j of W arran t».

1788. May lift

aid

t

June 12th, 17th.

24th.

July 14th.

2ift.

August 2d.

— 304 II —

— — — — 4>798 7 9

— 66 ——

4th.

2 2<J.

07th. September 10th.

0 Holer lft.

aoth. Vol. XLIV.

tien of that Province, and for the Passage of his Negroes to Bermuda . To Anthi Gentili, Esquire, Agent for the Officers belonging to a Corps of who served at

Gibraltar, in Consideration of their Services during the Siege

To David Kinlcck, Captain in the late Legion

of Cavalry in America, for supplying 32 Horses for the Use of a Troop attached to the said Legion, in the Year 1778 — — —

To Dr. John Jeffries, for a Balance of Account as Purveyor of Hospitals at Halifax, in Scotia, from

3ift August 1778 to 6th 1779 —

To Em1 Philip Bize, being in Discharge of a Sum due

to Daniel Rojs, for Labour and Materials furnidied in the Year 1781, in the Island of for the Public Service To Sir Ered1 Haldimand, for the Expences incurred in defending several Actions brought against him by sundry Persons, for his Interference in ftipporting the Mcafnres of Government, in his Public Capacity as late Governor of the Province of $j/ebec To inilm Anjlrutber,late Major of the Royal Garrison

Battalion in the I Hand of Bermuda, for building and inclosing a Barrack, Mess House, and Ciltern, for the Use of the Troops in that I Hand, in the Year *783 —

To Geo. Leonard, Esquire, for his Expences and Lodes in fitting and employing sundry armed and other Vessels for 11 is Majesty’s Service in America during the late W ar

To Lady Keith, for the Balance of the Account of the late Sir Bazil Keith, as Governor of Jamaica, for the Money received and expended by him on Account of the Mof^uito Shore, from 16 th June 1774 to 2id March 1777 To the Rep refentatives of Heller

for the Balance of his Account of Military Contingencies in the Northern Districft of Ann and also for the Contingencies of his Office as Secretary to the Brigadier General of the said Distriift, and to the Commanders in fhebcc, from ill 1774.

to 31 ft of December 17 80 To Jehn Collett, late Governor of Fort in the

Province of North Carolina, fur sundry Sums of Money expended by him in repairing the said Fort, anti building Barracks there in the Years 1773, 1774, and 1775, under Orders of Jcfiah Martin, Esquire, then Governor of the said Province To the Representatives of Jcfiah Martin, late Gover nor of North Carolina, for the Balance of his Account of Money received or expended for Necefia-ries to distrelTed Refugees, and other Expences in that Province, from loth January 1776 to 24th O Holer 1779

To Lieut. Magrath,of the late 79th Regiment of<

Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken by the Spaniards at Rattan To Captain Beni.Ogden, late Captain of Cavalry in a Corps of Chadeurs, being I lis Majesty’s Bounty in Consideration of a Wound he received in his Arm To M . G. O'Hara, for the extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments of Foot in the Garrison of Gibraltar, from 25th December 1787 to 24th June 1788 —

To Messrs. Refs and Ogilvie, Agent to the late 71st Regiment of Eooc, for the Lodes of sundry Officers of the said Regiment, when on aiftual Service in ' America — — . — —

To A. V. Sadleir, Esquire, being the Balance of the

Account of his Contract for victualling the Forces, in Neva Scotia from 1768 to 1778 — —

5

— 1 65 12 —

ers at

ng

— — 128 3 —

516 11 — 11 2 5

— 174 — 8

3,509 7 10

— 127 10 11

— 1,500 ——

— 443 8 6

— 24 12 —

282 17 6

— 53 J9

8

451 II 4

124 8 9

3 8 9

To

- CMi

39°

Dates of Warrant».

1788. November 6 th.

- May 21ft.

September 13 th. August 7th.

January 17th.

Ma7th.

January 17th.

May 7 th. August 18th.

January 17th.

August 18th.

January 17th.

May 7 th. August 18th.

January 17th.

M7 th. January 17th.

M7 th.

January 17 th.

M7 th.

August 18 th.

January 17th.

M7 th. August 18th.

January 17th.

August 18th. May 7 th.

2i° M

1

A. 1789-

To Sir Will* Fawcett, K. B. for his ordinary Entertainment and Disbursements from 27 th August to 9th November 1787, being the Time he was employed to negociate the Treaty lately concluded with the Landgrave of Hejfie Cajfiel — — 535 11 9

To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn by M. G. Cha‘ O’Hara, acting Governor at Gibraltar, for i'undry special Contingent Services for that Garrison — — — 1,336 — 10

To pay D°, drawn by D®, for D® Service — 1,279 16 n

To Messrs. Ro/s and Ogilvie, in full Discharge of a Bill for £. aoo, drawn by Valentine Morris, Esquire, late Governor of St. Vincent, for Public Ser-

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Governor of Quebec, for Public Services 1,218 5 —

To D", for D° Service — — 250 — —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Governor

of Dominica, for Public Services 3,686 15 — To D°, for D° Service ~ 7,223 10 —

To D°, for D° Service — — 3,190 11 9

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Robert Wynne, President of the Council at St. Vincent, for Public

Services — — __

To D°, drawn by Will"Lucas, late President of the Council at Grenada, for D° Services —

To D®, drawn by Sir Tho' Shirley, Governor of the

Leeward Islands, for D* Services 689 ——

To D®, for D# Service — — 3,820 9 __

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Parry, Governor of Barbadoes, for Public Services 507 9 r

To D®, for D® Service — 311 2 2

To D®, for D® Service — — 4>468 8 3

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by ‘Thomas Nepean, commanding Engineer at Newfoundland, for Public Services — — 322 14 —

To D®, for D® Service — — 355 18 9

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by ‘Thomas Brady, Commandant at St. John's, Newfoundland, for Public Services — — 819193

To D®, for D® Service — — 132 12 10

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Alured Clarke, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for Public Services — — 9,87 5 ——

To D°, for D° Service — — 8,789 13 r

To D% for D® Service — 125 ——

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by 5 Set on. Governor of St. Vincent, for Public Services 2,682 — —

To D®, for D° Service — 6,081_________

To D°, for D® Service — — - 7,077 7 5

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Henry Seymour Conway, Governor of Jersey, for Public Ser-

To D®, drawn by Archibald Mc Arthur, Commander in Chief in the Bahamas, for D° Service — — — 2,300 15 10

To D", for D° Service — - — 1,723 it 3

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John El ford, Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland, for Public Services ——

2,615 17 9

138 2 6

1,468 5 —

14,100 16 9

936 1 3

6,379 7 —

4,509 9 —

5,286 19 10 678 12 9

952 12 1

18,789 *3 5

15,840 7 5

500 ——

4,024 7 1

310 6 9

16,523 5 4

To

39i

2p Geo.

Dales of Warrants. X788.

May 7 th.

August 18 th. May 7 th.

August 18 th. May 7 th.

August 18th.

1787. December nth.

13th.

1788.

‘ ’January23d.

24th. February 6 th. 20th. 25th.

III. 21° Mail:

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by John Governor of

Nova Scotia, for Public Services — 341 8 —

To D®, for D* Service — 98 7 10

----- ----- ----- ---- 439 15 10

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Edmund,

Lieut. Governor of St. John's, New

for Public Services — — — 272 6 —

To D°, drawn by Samuel Willi, President of t;he Council at Grenada, for D° Service — — — 10,696 6 8

To D*, for D° Service — — 3,819 16 6

----- ----- ----- ----- --- 14*5,6 3 2

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by E. M. , Su-

perinrendant of Indian Affairs, Bay of Honduras, for Public Services — — 551 n 7

To D®, for D# Service — — 282 19 6

----- ----- ----- ----- --- 834 11 1

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by William Ma-carmick. Governor of Cape Breton, for Public Services — — — — 288 15 —

To D°, drawn by Lord Dunmore, Governor of the

Bahama I (lands, for D° Service — — 2,200 12 2

To D°, drawn by Edwd Mathew, the Governor of

Grenada, for D® Service — — 435 '6 2

To Isaac Winjlow Clarke, for 115 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of Stores in Canada, to 24th December 1786 — — — 57 10 —

To Nathan Banium, for 61 Days Pay, as an Ensign

of Provincials in America, in Colonel Ludlow's Battalion of Brigadier General De Lancey's Brigade, to 24th October 1783 — — — 11 3 8

To Sir Will* Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days Additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1787 — . — — —

To Robert Adair, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Inspector General of the Hospitals belonging to the Forces in Great Britain, to D* —

To several General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces during the Course of the Year 1787 — —

To Lieut. General Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay as Lieut. Governor of Fort St. Philip, in the Island of Minorca, from 25th June to 24th December 1787 ——

To M. G. TownJend, for 183 Days Pay for superin-tending the Recruiting Service, to 24th December 1787 ——

To Lieut. Rosa Griffiths, for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters passing to and from Great Britain and Ireland, between 24th December 1786 and 25th December 1787 —

To L. G. Morrison, for 183 Days additional Pay, as Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1787 ——

To D°, for 365 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, as D°, toD® — — . —

To John Craigie, Esquire, for 190 Days Pay as Commissary of the Army in Canada, to 31st December 1786 ——

To Lieut. Colonel De Lancey, for 365 Days Pay, as Adjutant General in North America, to 24th December 1787 ——

To George Brinley, Esquire, for 2S6 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary of the Army at Halifax, to 13th October 1787 ——

To L. G. Jn" Campbell, for 203 Days Pay, as Major General in North America,to 15th July 1787, and for the Pay of his Aid-dc-Camp for 172 Days, to 14th June 1787 — — —

540 1 —

691 10 — 2,593 2 6

346 14 — 260 — 6

52 2 —

520 1 —

172 17 6

285 — —

345 15 —

214 10 —

466 1 —

95»5X3 8 —

To

1

2i° Mail.

A. 1789.

Dates of Warrafits.

1788. February 27th.

March 4th. 20 th.

26th.

April 9th,

May 28 th.

‘June6th.

17th.

July 2d.

1 ith. 16th.

A.iguft 2d. 7th.

2 2d.

September 24th.

To Tho‘ Moncrieffe, Esquire, for 1,143 ^ays Pay* a*

Major of Brigade in North to 14th June

*787 — —

To Joshua Loring, for 2,226 Days Pay, as Commissary of Prisoners in North from 27th

Augtijl 1776 to 30th September 1782 To Jane Catherwood, Widow, and Executrix of Rob1

Catherwood, deceased, for 633 Days Pay of the said Rob1 Catherwood, as Surgeon to the

Garrison of St. Augustineto 17th September 1785 ——

To John Jewries, for 170 Days Pay, as Purveyor of the Hospitals at H, to 6th February 1779 " . " — —

To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in North Americat to 31st December 1787 ——

To Colonel Thomas Car let on, for One Half Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1787 — —

To the Representatives of Sir William Draper, for his Allowance as Lieut. Governor of Fort St. Philip in Minorca, and Lieutenant General on the Staff, with Two Aids-de-Camp, for 1,089 Days, to 24th December 1782 —

To HenJ Jones, Clerk, for officiating as Chaplain to the Recruiting Parties, &c. of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, between the 24th December 1783 to 25th December 1787 — — —

To several Persons for their Pay as General and Staff Officers in North America and the West in the

Year 1787 ——

To P. -SimoH, Esquire, for One Year’s Allowance, as Lieut. Governor of Niagara, to the 3d May

To Daniel Chamier, in further Part of the Arrears of Pay due to the late Dan1 Chamier, as Commissary General in America ——

To Sir Will"Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days Additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1788 — — , . — —

To L. G. Morrison, for 183 Days D°, as Quarter-Master General, to D* — — —

To L. G. Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as Lieut. Governor of the late Garrison of Fort St. , in Minorca, from 25th of December 1787 to 24th June 1788 ——

To M. G. Townsend, for 183 Days, for superintending the Recruiting Service, to 24-th June 1783 ——

To The’ Lempriere, for 244 Days Additional Pay, as Deputy Commissary of Mullers, in the I (lands of Jersey and Guernsey, to 24th December

To F. W. Hecbt, for Pay, as Commissary of Stores at New Brunswick in Americd, from 25th June 1786 to jCth April 1787 — . ' — —

To Geo. Brin ley, Esquire, for 214 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary at Halifax in to 14th

May 1788 ——

To John Craigle, for 175 Days Pay, as Commissary of the Army in Canada, to 24th June 1787 —

To D°, for 182 Days Pay, as Storekeeper General in the Province of Quebec, to D® — —

To Col. The' Carleton, for Half a Year’s Allowance,

as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th June 1788 —

To Melfrs. W. H. Robinson and Pierce Row, for their Allowance, as Deputy Commissaries of Mullers in the Leeward ljlands, for 321 Days, to 24th December 1787 — —

— — 541 7 2

m-rth

— 2,341 17 —

299 16 2

85 ——

182 10 — 250 ——

— 1,089 — —

2 r9 3 —

i>3$4 2 3

150 ——

150 ——

520 1 —

520 1 —

346 14 —

260 — 6

42 14 —

250 — —

160 10 — 131 5 — 45 10 —

— 250 — - —

- — 87 18 11

15*813 18 2

To

393

a<p Geo. IIL

2i° Mali.

ates of W arrant*.

1788. February ift.

6th.

March 26th.

1787. November 28 th.

1788. February 13th.

20th.

March 5 th.

12th.

20th.

28th.

April 2d.

July 9th.

'nth.

August 22d. Vol. XLIV.

To Sir John Inglis, for freceflaries for the tJle of the Forces in North

— — 822 4 1

Britain

To. L. G. Mackay, Commander of the Forces in North Britain, for so much expended by him for the Good of His Majesty’s Service, in the Year 1787 — To Sir John Inglis, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. furnished to the Forces in Fort William, Castle Du-art, Fort Augustus, Fort George, and Fort Charlotte,

in the Island of Shetland, and the Barracks of nara, Inverjnaid, Corgaff, and Braemar, and the Out

Posts in their Neighbourhood, from ift January to 31st December 1787 To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for One Year’s Allowance, to Christmas 1787, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland', See.

300 ——

— — — 1,880 5 6

— 454 9 10

To Lieut. Governor Brown, for providing divers Utensils for the Use of the Forces in Barracks in the Island of in the Year

1785, 1786, and 1787 — — 25 5 10

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, Sec. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787 To D% for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, St. Nicholas Island, Sec. from 25th June to 24th December 1787 ——

To Lxird Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops in the lfiand of Guernsey, from D° to D° ——

To E. B. De La Fontaine, Barrack Matter of the Savoy, for providing divers Utensils for the Infirmary and Barracks there, in the Year 1787 —

To D% for supplying additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards, in the said Barracks, with Coals and Candles, between 24th June and 25th December 1787 — — —

To N. Fiott, for Coals and Candles ,supplied for the Use of the Forces in the Island of Jersey, from 25th March to 28th September 1787 — —

To Edward Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, and Brooms, for the Use of the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 25th June to 24th December 1787 —

To Lord Elpbinftone, for providing Coals, Candles,

&c. for the Use of the Forces in Edinburgh

from 23d June to 21st September 1787 —

To D°, for providing D° for D% from 22d September to lift. December 1787 ——

To Anaf" Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Troops in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock —

To Geo. Leith, Junior, for providing Coals, Candles,

Brooms, &c. for the Use of the Forces in Barracks at Deal, from 25th June to 24th December 1787 —

To John Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries furnished by him for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1788 — —

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Barracks at Plymouth Dock — —

To Will" Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of 5081 Chaldrons of Coals, received at Gibral-

To Lieut. Governor Fall, for providing divers Utensils for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Jersey — — — . —

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for providing Coals,

Candles, &c. for the Use of the Forces in Fort, from 25th June to 24th December 1787 —

— 149 *5 4

57 7 2

226 8 4

119 18 10

27 9 5 8

164 8 1

— _ — — 560 15 6

144 5 4

193 6 7

500 — —

379 1 10 619 7 6

250 — —

787 ij 9

58 11 2

1 5 10

3»456 19 5

To

354

Date* of Warrant*.

1788.

August 2 2d.

September 10th.

O Holer 1 ft.

10th.

1787. April 20th.

1788. April 23d.

1787. April 20th.

1788. April23d.

July nth.

% i° Mali.

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Use of the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth, St. Nicholas from 25th

December 1787 to 24th June 1788. — —

To Lord Amberjl, for Supplying D# for the Use of the Troops in the I (land of from 25 th December 1787 to 24th June 1788 — a — —

To Nicholas Fiott, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces at Jersey, from 29th September 1787, to 24th March 1788 To Joshua Darwin, for providing Coals, Candles, for the Use of the Forces in ’Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford's Fort, from 25th December 1786 to 27th April 1787 — — —

To D®, for providing D° for D°, from ift Mcy to 24th December1787 — — —

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Use of the Forces in Edinburgh from 22d December 1787 to 21st March 1788 —

To D®, for providing D® for D°, from 2 2d March to 20th June 1788 — — —

To E. B. De La Fontaine, Matter of the Barracks in the Savoy, for supplying Coals and Candles for additional Companies and Recruits in the said Barracks, for Six Months, to 25th June 1788 —

To Thomas Best, Esquire, for supplying Coals, Candles, &c. for the Troops in Dover Castle, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787 —

To Edw* Kent, Esquire, for providing D® for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Chatham, from 25th December 1787 to 24th June 1788 —

To Geo. Leith, Junior, for providing D° for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks, at Deal, from 25th December 1787 to 24th June 1788 — . —

To John Gore, Esquire, for divers. Necessaries fur-n jibed for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Michaelmas 1788 —

To D®, for sundry Utensils, furnished for D®, for Cine Year, to D* — — —

To fl, Henderson, for fumishing Coals and Candles, and providing and repairing Utensils for the Use of the Forces at Hilfea Barracks, &c. — —

To D#, for D® Service — — —

To Willm Merry, Esquire, being His Majesty’s Proportion of 6351 Chaldrons of Coals received at Gibraltar —

211 5 7

3-4 6 3

— — 375 *4 7

4! 17 — 100 8 6

*95 3 5

160 3 2

279 5 8

182 16 3

726 14 4 316 19 9

335 5 10

81 17 4

"4 6 7

.103 4 3

— ~ — 985 — <5

To the Earl of Sussex, for the Marches, See. of the Northampton Regiment of Militia, from 25th June to 24th of December

1782 — — — . — 354 ——

To D°, for D® of D® Militia, from 25th December

1782 to 19th March 1783 — . — — 74 1

To Colonel Hans Sloane, for D® of the North

Regiment of Militia, to 24th December 1782 —

ToD®, for D® of D" Militia, to 14th 1783 —

U3

104

*4

13

6

6

To the Earl of Sussex, for sundry Claims on Account of die,

tonshireRegiment of Militia — — — 257 1 2

To Colonel Hans Sloane, for sundry D® on Account of the North Hampshire D® — — . — 8221711

To Mefirs. 7«' and Coutts Trotter, for Camp Necessaries for the Use of the 22d "Regiment of Foot, employed on the Rides Forcjl,

in the Year 1785 — — — 122 16 10

ToT)® for D®, for the Use of the 38th Regiment of

Foot, employed on D®, in the Year 1786 — 99 7

To D®, for D®, for the Use of the 43d Regiment of

Foot, employed on D®, in the Year 1787 — 86 1 7

3

A. 1789,

9..156 7 9

706 9 —

4,079 19 1

To

2i° Mail.

395

Dates of Warrants.

1788.

July nth.

1787. December 13 th.

>788. January 23d.

February 6 th.

4th.

27th.

March 5th. 19th.

April 18 th. 25th. 30th.

To Messrs. Jn* and Coutts Trotter, for Hospital Bed-

ding, for the Use of the Forces in the Island of St. John, in Nova Scotia — — — . 56 11 3

To D", for D% for the Use of the Forces — 357 3 6

To Messrs. Adair and Partridge, acting Executors of John Adam Frederick Hejfe,deceased, for several Sums surcharged in the declared Account of Monies paid to the Officers of several Hospitals, in the Years from 1758 to 1764, for which Vouchers have since been produced — — — — j 389145

To Sir Will* Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th June to 24th December 1787 — —

To Colonel Adam dVilliamfen, for his Contingent Expences, as Deputy Adjutant General in South Britain, from D° to D° — — —

To RickdTayler, Esquire, Secretary to the Committee for Army Accounts, for the Contingent Disbursements of the said Committee, to 25th December 1787 ——

To M. G. Townjend, for the Contingent Expences on Account of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1787 —

To M. G. Roy, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787 — — -

To the Reverend Wm IVilmot, for One Year’s Relit of

theMinister’s House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces, to 24th December 1787 — —

To L. G. Morrison, for his Contingent Expences, as

Quarter Master General, from 25th June to 24th December 1787 — — —

To Lieut. Governor John Campbell, for the Contingent Expences peculiar to his Command, as Lieut. Governor of Plymouth, from 25th December 1786 to 24th December 1787 — — —

To Captain Rob' Bijfet, in Compensation of sundry Expences incurred by him in superintending the Embarkations of Parties, Camp Equipage, Cloath-ing for the Forces on Foreign Service, from 15th October 1787 to 12th January 1788 — —

To the Agents of the Foot Guards, to reimburse the effective Private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of Poundage made from their Pay, from 25th June to 24th December 1787 — —

To M. G. Townjend, for the Amount of his General Account of Expenditures on the Recruiting Service, for Six Months, to 24th December 1787 —

To Lord Howard, in Confederation of his deriving no further Emoluments from the Cloathing of the First Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards, nor receiving any present Benefit from the Cloathing of the Regiment of Dragoons to which he was lately appointed ——

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons, for Extra Feed of the Troop Horses of their several Regiments, detached on the Coast Duty, in the Years 1785 and 1786 — To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Instruments, and Materials furnished by him for the Use of the Forces, in the Year

To, Colonel Marsh, for providing Knapsacks for the 77th Regiment of Foot — i —

To Colonel Mujgrave, for providing D° for the 76th

To Messrs. Eyre and Straban, for Paper, Printing, &c. several Acts of Parliament, See. for the better Government of the Forces, delivered to the Secretary at War ——

To MelTrSi Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, acting as Agents

265 5 —

78 3 —

286 18 9

255 16 6

214 4 —

42 2 —

174 4 —

103 3 —

122 14 3

1,044 11 6

383 16 1

1,000 ——

5,052 16 1

4)117 8 11

224 15 — 224 15 —

203 7 —

5

to

A

tl

Mali.

A. 1789.

Dates of Warrants.

1788.

May 21ft.

to Sir A. Campbell for providing Knipfacks for the

74th Regiment of Foot —

To Sir R. Pigot, for the Value of Cloathing delivered to Men belonging to the 38th Regiment of Foot, who went to settle in Nova Scotia upon the Reduction of the Corps, in the Year 1783 June 10th. To Sir Jn" Dick and , Esquire, Comp-

trollers of the Accounts of the Army, to make good the Payment of the Claim of Land Tax upon their and their Officers Salaries, from Lady Day to Michaelmas 1787 —

18th. To John Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account, for Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c. —

25th. To Sir Will" Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1787 to 24th June 1788 —

To the Agents of the Foot Guards, to reimburse the effective Private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of Poundage made from their Pay, from 25th December 1787 to 24th June 1788 —

To Leonard Morje, Esquire, for carrying on, for One Year, to Midsummer 1788, a progressive Lift of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army — July 2d. To L. G. Morrijon, for his Contingent Expences, as Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1787 to 24th June 1788 — —

To Colonel Williamson, for his Contingent Expences, as Deputy Adjutant General, from D° to D* — To Will" Brown, Lieut. Governor of , for

Relit of a House in the said Istand, from nth February 1784 to 10th February 1788 nth. To M. G. Townsend, for his Contingent Expences, as Inspector General and Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25 th December 1787 to 24th June 1788 — —

To the Duke of Northumberland, to reimburse what has been advanced to the effective Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the late 2d Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards, as of His Majesty’s Bounty, in lieu of their Horses, on Dilbandment — To Lord Howard, to reimburse what has been advanced to D# of the 1 ft Troop of D% as of His Majesty’s Bounty, in lieu of D# - — —

August 7th. To W" Brown, Lieut. Governor of Guernsey, for procuring a Supply of Water for the Use of the Invalids in that Istand, during the Drought in the Year 1785 —

To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, Agent to the 77th Regiment of Foot, for the Charge of embarking the said Regiment from Deal to the East Indies ——

September 10th. To M. G. <IownJend, being the Amount of his General Account of Expenditures, as Inspector General and Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, for Six Months,to 24th June 1788 — —

To John Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account, for Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c. -24th. To M. G. HenJ Pringle, late Lieut. Colonel of the 51st Regiment of Foot, to reimburse him the Expences of a malicious Suit brought against him by Jrf Thompson, late Surgeon of the said Regiment, under a Pretence of false Imprisonment — —

To Will" Rice, Esquire, for Work done in Repairs, &c. of the Foot Guards Room and Sutlers, Somerset House Barracks and Recruit House, in the Year 1785 — -

— — 3 —

— 217 18 2

— 722 11 9

1,000 — ;i-

— 365 5 —

M4 3 13 4

103 3 —

164 4 — 78 3 "

— — 222 12 —

as

le-Hh

— 269 3 —

37S 6 — 366 6 —

— 45»i 9

89 8 6

61 4 3

1,200 — —

396 16 2

— 99O —

Te

397

29 Geo. lit ti° Mail.

Dates of Secry. at War’s Letters.

1788.

May 21ft. To Mr. Samuel Wyatt, on Account, for constructing a Number of portable Hospitals for the Use of His Majesty’s Forces on Foreign Service — — 1,000 — —

July nth. To D% for D® Service — — — 2,000 — —

To Calli paid Mr. Winftow, Acting Deputy Paymaster in , for the Expences of the Civil Department of that Province, to 24th December 1787, pursuant to Warrants from the Right honourable Lord Dorchester — — — 5,628 6 5

To D°, for D® Service, to 24th June 1788, pursuant

t«D° — — — — 13,778 5 10

Dedutt the Amount of Stoppages for Provisions frorft the Regiments in Canada, Nova Scotia, and the West Indies, from sundry Periods, in the Year 1787 to the End of the Year 1788 —

Dates of Warrants.

1788. February 20th.

March 6 th.

26th. April 18 th. May 12th.

PAY M E N T S on Account of the Forces in the East Indies.

To the Agents of several Regiments serving in India, to pay for the Accommodation, at the Captain’s Table, of sundry Subaltern Offi-

800 — —

— 900 — —

cers who are ordered to embark for the East Indies To D° of several D°, for D® Service — —

To D# of several D®, for D® Service — —

To D® of the 7 ift Regiment of Foot, for D# Service To D° of D® Regiment, for D° Service — - —

To the Agent of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of Subsistence of the- said Regiment, for the Year 1788 — — 1^526 14 —

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Recruiting of that Regiment, for the Year 1787 —

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of D®, for the Year 1788 —

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of

Subsistence, for the Year 1788 — 3,052 *4 —

T© D® of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, for the Year 1787 —

To'D® of D® Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1788 ToD’of the 71st Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, for the Year 1786 To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of D°, for the Year 1787 To D® of D° Regiment, on Account of

D®, for the Year 1788 — — 1,502 19' 6

To D® of the 7 2d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, for the Year 1786 To D° of D® Regiment, on Account of D®, for the Year 1787 —

To D® of D" Regiment, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1788 To D®, of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, for the Year 1787 To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of

D®, for the Year 1788 — — 2,029 14

To the Agent of the 74th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of that Regiment, for the Year 1787 To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of D® and D®, for the Year 1788

564

21 7 — *

— 4»i45 19 6

— 42 14 —

— — 39 *5 —

— 18 6 —

-- 293 3 6

— 2,765 19 —

— 3* —

— 5,000 — —

11 —

II —

II —

II;

— —

Vol. XLIV.

7>l7l

S

*7

4

25»538 *4 5

19,406 12 3 351,752 8 7

38,780 12 6 3x2,97! 16 i

T*

High worth

Poor Bill passed.

Humine Society Bill prelcnte*).

3*8

116 Mail.

‘To the Agent of the 75th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of that Regiment, for the Year 1787 — — 5,000 — —

To D® of D* Regiment, on Account of

D# and D®, for the Year 1788 — 6,986 15 8

To D° of the 76th Regiment of Foot, on Account of D® and D° for that Regiment, for the Year 1787 — 5,500 — —

To D® of D® Regiment, on Account of,

D® and D®, for the Year 1788 — 7*54° >5 8

To Dk of the 77 th Regiment of Foot, oh Account of D# and D°, for the

Year 1787 — — 6,300 ——

To D® of D°, on Account of D® and D°,

for the Year 1788 — — 5,986 15 8

To D® of the late 100th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, for the Year 1785 - 183 — 5

----- ---- — 66,839 11 3

To the Clothier of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, for 365 Days Net Off-reckonings of that Regiment, to 24th December 1787 — 2,251 11

To D* of the 36th Regiment of Foot,

for 365 Days D®, to D° — — 3,120 19

To D® of the 5 2d Regiment of Foot,

for 365 Days D®, toD° — — 3,120 l9

To D® of the 71st Regiment of Foot,

for 365 Days D®, to D® — 3,120 *9

To D® of the 7 2d Regiment of Foot,

for 36 5 Days D°, to D" — — 3,120 *9

To D® of the 73d Regiment of Foot,

for 365 Days D®, to DJ — — 2,232 12

1 — 16,968 — 11

To the Agent of D° Regiment, on Account of Officers Arrears, for, the Year 1785 — — 831 9 —

A. 1789

8^.797 S 2

398,769 1 3

N, B. When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have

Credit, in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above-mentioned Sums issued to the Agents and Clothiers of sundry Regiments serving in the East Indies.

War Office, 21st May 1789.

Geo. Tonge.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Highworth, in the County of Wilts, and for appointing an additional Overseer

for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Highworth, in the County of and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir James Tylney Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, anddefire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman JVatfon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for incorporating and well

governing the London Humane Society: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Benjamin White, of Fleet Street, in the City of London, Bookseller, was presented to the House, and readj Taking Notice of the Bill for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to Temple Street, in the City of London, and also a public Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane, and for flopping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and letting out others near to, or communicating with, such new Street and Passage j and Setting forth. That the Petitioner is seised in Fee of a Messuage or Tenement in Fleet Street, where he now resides, and hath

for many Years last past carried on his Business; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, a Part of the Petitioner’sPremiffes may betaken down,which would

I render

Mr. White*!

Petition against the Bill for making Streets from Fleet Street to Temple Street, &c.

Report from Committeeap-pointed toconsider of better securmgthe Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections,

Bill to amemi

Acts touching Elections for Knights of Shires ordered.

t

Greenock Harbour Bill preieiucd.

Motion for printing the Account of Extraordinaries of the Army.

Neg,

Mr. Fuller’s Petition against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

20 Geo. III. 11 ° Matt.399

render the other Part insufficient for the tJfe of the Petitioner, and be very prejudicial to hint: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by Counsel, or otherwise, against so much of the said Bill as concerns the Petitioner’s Premisses.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Captain Berkeley reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the several Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Third, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

And Captain Berkeley moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the several Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Third, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Captain Mr. Vansittart, and Mr. Phelips, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Anstruther presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleanGng, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for " supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome " Water, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and f< watching the Streets and other public Places within " the said Town And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Refobved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being put. That such a Number of Copies of the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1787 to the 24th of December 1788, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for the I Hand of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes by the Votes, that a Committee of the whole House is appointed, to take into Consideration the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in sundry

Petitions presented to the House in the last and the present Session of Parliament, and, the Petitioner also observes, that the said Petitions have, together with several other Papers, been referred to the Confuicra-tien of the said Committee j and that, as many of the said Petitions pray for an Abolition of the said Trade, the Petitioner finds himself under the Necdfity of stating tq the House, that the Assembly of the I (land of Jamaica did, in the Course of last Year, appoint a Committee to examine into, and report to the House, the Allegations and Charges contained in the several Petitions which have been presented to the Britjb House of Commons on the Subject of the Slave Trade, and the Treatment of the Negroes, &c. &c.; and that the said Committee made Two Reports upon the said Subject, in the latter of which, presented to the Assembly on the 1 ath of November last, they take the Liberty to represent, That, " if it shall be determined by the British Parliament to abolish the African Trade altogether (a Measure which must, " in the Result, ruin the Sugar Islands) they trust in the Justice of th c British Nation, that they shall not

<r be made the Sacrifice upon this Occasion, but that " the Legislature will give them such a Compensation as the consequent Diminution of the Value of their " Properties, and their ultimate Destruction, shall en- title them to expedfc j and that they have the greater " Reason to indulge this Expectation, from the Justice that has been done to the late Proprietors of " Florida, and also to such of the African Merchants as " would be Sufferers by the late Regulation j" and the Petitioner thinks it proper to apprize the House, that the Property of his Condiments in Jamaica, in Negroes, Lands, Buildings, Cattle, &c. &c. is estimated at Thirty-six Millions of Pounds Sterling, at the least; and that the Petitioner deemed it his indispensable Duty to state this Matter fully to the House, in Confidence that such are the Principles of Equity and Justice which have hitherto directed the Resolutions of the House, that no Plan whatever, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade will be by them adopted, until a sufficient Fund shall have been established, and such a Sum of Money actually raised, by the Legislature of Great Britain, as shall be adequate to the Compensation and Indemnification of all the Proprietors in the Island of Jamaica for all the Loss which they must inevitably sustain by such proposed Abolition of the Slave Trade; and that the Petitioner, in the present Stage of the Business, will not presume to anticipate the Sentiments of the House in respect to any Plan relative to the Slave Trade that may be offered to them, but he begs Leave to express his full and implicit Confidence in the Candour, Wisdom, and Impartiality of the House, that no Resolution will, in a Matter of such infinite Consequence to his Constituents, be adopted by the House, until full and complete Evidence shall first have been heard and duly considered by the House-: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, in such Stage of the Proceedings as he shall be advised will moil conduce to the Support and Establishment of the just Rights and lawful Claims of his Condiments.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the

Report Supply,

Ordinary of Na?y.

Extra Navy.

King'! Content to South Kilworth !n-clol'urc Bilt.

The Lords ^ill give Order for sum-inoning Witness on Mr* Hailing*'* Trial.

The Lords will pioceed on Wedntf-div on Mr. Hn Ihngs’s Trial.

Oxford Debtors Petition.

Petitions ag unit the Abolition of the Slave Trade referred to the Committee, and Cmmiel of-Ucicd.

the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Seventy-five thousand Five hundred and Seventy Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of the Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1789.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester, which Bill was, upon the nth Day of this Irritant May, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr; Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will give Order for summoning the Witnesses to be produced at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, as desired: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

' And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Castle Gaol of Oxford, was presented to the Hause, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants of caster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Proprietors of Estates in the West India lfiands, and Merchants trading to the West Indies, refiJing in the City of and its Neigh-

bourhood, thereunto subscribing; and also, the Petition of the Manufacturers of Goods calculated for the Trade to Africa, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham -, and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Ship Owners, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, directly concerned, or otherwise interested in, the

can Slave Trade, from the Port of and also,

the Petition of the Planters of the British Sugar Colonies whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and other Proprietors in the said Colonies 5 and also, the Petition of the Planters, Merchants, Mortgagees, Annuitants, and others, Creditors

of the Sugar Colonies, and residertt in Liverpool, whoft Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of Liverpool-, and also, the Petition of the Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, Iron, Copper, Brass, and Lead, in the Borough of Liverpool, for themselves and others; and also, the Petition of the Sailmakers of Liverpool; and also, the Petition of the Joiners in Liverpool’, and also, the Petition of the Shipwrights of Liverpool-, and also, the Petition of the Ropemakers of Liverpool-, and also, the Petition of the Coopers of Liverpool; and also, the Petition of the Gunmakers in Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Blockmakers of Liverpooland also, the Petition of the Bakers in Liverpool-, and also, the Petition of the Manufacturers of Goods calculated for the Trade to Africa, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool-, and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Mortgagees, Annuitants, and other Creditors of the Sugar Colonies, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others; and also, the Petition of John Burton and William Hutchinson, Esquires, Agents for the Istand of Antigua; and also, the Petition of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for the Istand of Jamaica, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to hear Counsel, and examine Evidence, in Support of the said Petitions, and of the several other Petitions which have been referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, in which the Petitioners desire to be heard by Counsel.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovy Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° Maii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Anger, in the County of Wilts-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marfti within

_ o

the Township of IFalpole, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the fame, and several other Commons within the said Township; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Tenants for Life, and other Persons in Possession, or entitled to the Rents of the Estates comprized in certain Indentures of Settlement, One made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, with Ann his Wife, and the others made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid, Gentleman, with Mary his Wife, to grant Leases, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The

Slave Tradd deferred*

The Lords have agreed to

Berwick Saint James and Fiftierton Anger Inclj-sure Bill.

Walpole Embanking and Inclosure Bill*

The Lords have passed Parker’s and

Robbins’* Estate Bill*

LloycTt Efbte Bill.

Lloyd* Eftatt Bill read.

Ofmifton tn* cloture Bill presented.

Mtrfton upon Dote Inclosure Bill commit* tod.

Sibford Ferns Inclosure Bill passed.

Loyn* Navigation Bill reported.

ii° Matt.

401

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend William Lloyd to complete his Contract with 'Jacob Bosanquet, Esquire, for Sale of Part of his settled Estates, and veiling the remaining Part of the same Estates in Trustees for Sale; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend William Lloyd to complete his Contraft with Jacob Bosanquet, Esquire, for Sale of Part of his settled Estates, and veiling the remaining Part of the same Estates in Trustees for Sale, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Walle Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Ofmaflon next Derby, in the County of , except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Moor: And the same was received ;and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of upon Dove,

Hatton, Ikon, and Iloon Hay, in the Parish of upon Doze, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. A larfham,&c: And they are to mccC this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Sibford Ferris, in the Parish of Swa in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Ferris, in the Parish of Swale in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. rage do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rawlirfcnreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acis, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Luxe, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonaliv of the Vill or Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had confulered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

Vol. XLIV.

One by One; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed tq by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to South Kii-

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of reported, and within the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt, in His LeicciW; and Majesty’s Prison for the County of Leicester: And also, debtor*'Ptti

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined for Debt, in tien*.

His Majesty’s Gaol, the Castle of Lancaster \

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Bury and whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- ^’acis Petition holders, and others, residing within the County of reported. Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Carr being examined, said, That the Roads from the Town of Bury to the Town of and from thence to the Town of Blackburn, and from the said Town of Ilafingden to the Town of IVballey, and from Haslingden to the Village of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law. — And the Wicness added, That it will be necessary in some Places to turn the Course of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Haslingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Haflingdenaforesaid to the East End of Cockfleutt Bridge,in the Town of IVballey,

and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Foall in the County Palatine of I.ancafler; And that Mr.

5 K burnt

turtle and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

HeywoodRoad A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Bdl commit. Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of in the

Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. hume, Mr. Thomas StanlSee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,' at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

LedburyRoadt Sir George Comewall reported from the Com-Pctinona re. mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Terms of several Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromef-berrow, in the County of and through

Corse Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worcester, and of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act

f;ranted, whose Names are thereunto severally subscribed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen of the Counties of Hereford and Gloucester, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found thattheStandingOrders of the House, of the25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the first-mentioned Petition, and that the said Standing Orders had not been complied with, in respect to the second-mentioned Petition, so far as respects the Notices, the Parties not having determined to apply for repairing the Road therein mentioned until after the Time limited for giving such Notices, but that Notice was given at the Quarter Sessions, and in the Newspapers on the22d and 29th of April lad, and the 16th of this Instant; and that the Committee had examirtedthe Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read , and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Holbrook being examined, said. That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Road, and that a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls now remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued. — And the Witness added. That the said Act might be rendered more effectual, if the several Districts therein comprized were consolidated, and the Application of the Toils left to the general Order ana Direction of the Trustees.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Richard Cope Hopton, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Ledbury Turnpike Road in the Parish of to the Stocks

in the Parish of CaftFroome, being about One Mile and 317 Yards in Length, is in a ruinous Condition, but if the same was repaired, and put under the Management of the Trustees for repairing the Ledbury Roads, it would open a more easy and nearer Communication between Leominster and Gloucester, and also be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromejberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester: And that Sir George

and Mr. Alderman Harley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Mefiieurs Peel and Tates was presented pe,;,j0ll for to the House, and read; Sewing forth, That the Pe-> additional titioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is BwyJndHaf-making to Parliament for a Bill for amending and re- n ngden Roads pairing the Road from the Town of Bury to Hasting- ®lU* den, and from thence to several other Places in the County Pailatine of Lancaster; artd that the Petitioners are Proprietors of certain Callico Printing Works, situate near the River Irwell, in the said County, near to which River the Roads to be amended by the said Bill pass, and, if Provision was made in the said Bill for making a Road from the Line of the Roads by the said Bill to be repaired, through certain Closes or Pieces of Ground in the Township of to the

Border of the said River, and for building a Bridge over the said River, to form a Communication with the Works of the Petitioners aforesaid, it would be of very great Advantage to them, and would much mcrease the Tolls to be taken on the said Roads.; and that the Petitioners are willing and defirouls to take upon themselves the whole Expence of making the said Road, and of erecting the said Bridge And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley., Mr. -burne, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ad Potter* Efbte Act for effectuating the Sale of certain Estates late of WJ "*d* John Fofter,deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bine* Eilat* Act for vesting certain Parts of the Real Estates late of JjMtommit-Francis Bine, of the Town and County of the Town 1 of Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trustees, to sell and convey the fame, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Raw-linfon, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Exchange Royal e*.

Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and their cl,an8e Aitu-Successors, to grant, purchase, and fell Annuities, upon or for any Life or Lives, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and fell Annuities, upon or for any Life or Lives.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Bourton nnd ing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable "

Places, within the Hamlets of Bourton and Watch-

field.

403

t

field, in the Parish of Shrivenb,in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlets of Bourton and in the

Parish of Shrivenbam, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Knight* of Captain Berkeley presented to the House, according Sl»ep«ftn?ed? °rdcrA.a, Bil, Lt0 ccxPlai" and amend the several Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Third, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Saint James, A Bill for providing an additional Burial Ground BunaTGround for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erect-Biil commit, ing a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Rdidence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -ston, Lord John Lownjhend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Edinburgh Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according pentad,!1 t<J Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queens ferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and for making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according wging^b"'011" to Gr<^er« a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Cultivation of Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for ^.eente . ft tj,e better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, " and Shrubs:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Southwold A Bill for continuing and making more effectual

wmnritted.'11 ^fts Par^ament for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dudley North, Mr. Minchin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Betirion from A Petition of the Society of Writers to His Ma-WrfterTlo "he jesty’s Signet in Scotland, was presented to the House, signeYinScot- and read} Taking Notice of an Act passed in the land. Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

for granting certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, praftiling in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties, with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record as therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners being adjudged liable to pay the Tax on Attornies, a Tax which they conceive to be highly ex-

ceptionable, they are compelled, in order to obtain Relief, to make an Appeal to the Legislature, and this they do upon Principles, some of which are peculiar to their Situation, knd which, had they been urged and fully explained in proper Time, would probably have procured an Exception in their Favour, but those Principles which they have to plead, in common with all the other Descriptions of Men fub>-jested to the Tax, ought, in their Apprehension, to produce a total Repeal of the Law by which it is imposed; and that the Petitioners have hitherto been taught to believe, that every Tax imposed upon any individual Person, or any particular Description of Persons, without extending in its Effects to the People at large, is, as being partial and personal, not only adverse to the Spirit and Maxims of our Constitution, but peculiarly dangerous to the Safety of private Property; and that, with regard to the Attorney Tax, its being both partial and personal, in the strictest Sense of the Words, is inconteftibly evident, for not only is it confined to a particular Class of Individuals, not only is a certain Description of opulent and respectable Persons, in the very Pro-session of the Law, totally free from its Operation, but there is also a special Provision in the Statute itself, declaring that those Individuals, to whom the Tax extends, shall not, directly or indirectly, under any Pretence whatever, claim, demand, or receive, from their Clients or Employers, any Sum of Mon tty whatever, for or in respect of the Payment of the Rates or Duties thereby imposed; and that the Statute of which the Petitioners complain, while it felefts them, and others in particular Circumstances, as Objects of a special Imposition, and their Profession as an Object of Legislative Discouragement, while it prohibits them from laying the Duty on their Clients or Employers, while it even confers a total Exemption on certain respectable and opulent Individuals, who likewise follow the Law as an Occupation, and while it has thus drawn a partial Line of Discriminatiort, not only between the Petitioners and His Majesty’s Subjects in general, but even between them and other Men praftiling the Law, cannot but operate forcibly in the Public Mind, as a Reproach on the very Cha-rafter of the Profession of which the Petitioners and others are Members, as well as on that of the Individuals who exercise that Profession; and that these Effects of the present Law the Petitioners feel perhaps the more strongly, because they had Reason to expect that their Education, both general and professional, prescribed by the Rules of their Society, as well as the Conduct of its individual Members in Time past, had placed them above every unjust and ill-grounded Prejudice, because they possess, by virtue of their Office, a considerable public Trust from the Crown in the Executive Department of Government, and because, by the Treaty of Union, the Members of their Society are eligible to fill the.important and honourable Station of Judges in the Supreme Civil Court of Scotland, the Petitioners therefore, the Members of an ancient and respectable Society enjoying an important Trust, and still more important Privileges, are compelled to complain of a Law, which in its Effects cannot but injure, in the Public Opinion, the Name and Character of their Society, as well as the personal Respect and Consideration of its individual Members: And that, for all these Reasons, and many others which might be urged, from the Inequality of the Tax, the Smallness of its Produce, the great Expence, Trouble, and Vexation, with which it is attended in the Collection, both to the Parties and to the Revenue Officers, therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, that the said Act may be repealed, or that-Rich Relief may be given to the Petitioners as to the House shall appear just and proper.

Ordered,

4°4

ai° M

A. 1789.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Committee on Ordered, That the Ordet of the Day, for the House city* Bill! *°* *° rel*°lvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appropriating the Sum of £.3,000, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh, to public Uses, in that Part of the Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Highland Society of Edinburgh was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

House resolve*' Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of

to adjourn to the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning Mondjy> next.

Petition from several Creditors of Estates in the West India Islands against the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Creditors, by Mortgage and otherwise, of Estates and Plantations in the West India Islands, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having advanced divers Sums of Money, and some of them to a considerable Amount, to the Owners of Estates and Plantations in the West India Islands, upon Mortgage thereof, and in which Mortgages the Negroes belonging to the several Planters in those Islands are included, and considered as constituting a very material Part of their Security, are much alarmed by having observed, in the Votes, that the House has resolved to form itself into a Committee to take into Consideration certain Petitions which have been presented to the House for the Abolition of the Slave Trade; and the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that it has been upon the Faith of the British Parliament they have been encouraged

to lend Money to those Planters, on the Security of their Lands, and the Labour of their Negroes; and that the Petitioners will not presume to obtrude their Sentiments and Opinions upon the House, respecting the Principle or Practice of the said Trade, which has long been fanCtioned, supported, and authorized by Law, but they must, however, beg Leave to observe, that, if the Abolition of that Trade should be declared to take Place immediately, and before the Planters can put themselves into a Situation to Cultivate their Lands by other Means than such as are at present used for that Purpose, the Petitioners Security for their Principal Money must be considerably diminished, and they can have no Hopes of receiving the interest thereof from the Produce of the Plantations, thus deprived of the Means for their Cultivation; and that the Petitioners, thus circumstanced, look upon their Situation with Despair, and as they believe it is a Maxim of the British Constitution, not to suffer any Wrong or Injury to be done to Individuals without causing an adequate Satisfaction to be made for the fame, therefore praying the House to take the peculiar Circumstances of their same into Consideration, and that, if the Abolition of the Trade complained

of Should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be considered by the House to be entitled to receive a just and reasonable Compensation from the State, for the Injury which they shall thereby sustain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

The House was moved. That the Order, made SUveTradt Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- de,crred-mittee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order.be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for pr*. for more effectually preventing the dealing or destroy* It Co.

ing of Conies in Tracts or Quantities of Ground used niesordaed. for the keeping and breeding thereof: And that Mr.

Wilber force and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. ttbomas Stanley, according to Order, reported Hawktr* *4 from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Pedl*r* Bill the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the ref*°rW *

Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, «« An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and " Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Dill from the Lords, intituled, An Sirjohnin-Act to enable Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, to charge his giB readluw settled Estates in the County of York, in the Manner therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Parker’* and Act to enable the Tenants for Life, and other Persons in Possession, or entitled to the Rents of the Estates read, comprized in certain Indentures of Settlement, one made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, with Ann his Wife, and the others made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid, Gentleman, with Mary his Wife, to grant Leases, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Sum of £. 1,000, Co<kb«n>r-out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising Pa,h Bridk* from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards p.Ucii. completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or

Pass-

Committee on Westminster Society Bill.

Address for Account of Money issued pursuant to Addieflet.

Accounts

ordered*

Money issued to Mr. Brad* Icy for maintaining Con-vi&a at Plymouth.

To Mr. Campbell for D° on the Thames.

To Clerk of Commissionert appointed to enquire into Pees of Offices.

To Secretary of Commifboners for regulating the Shipping of Slaves*

To D° of Commissioners of Crown Lands*

To D° of Commissioners of Emit Florida Claims.

Pass of Cockburn/path, in the County of Berwick/ was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for applying the Sum of f,oooo, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Brtowards completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockbum/path,in the County of Berwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Home do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, refolded itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorlbips.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hogkton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hogbton reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may haye Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been iiTued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

OrderedThat there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to Mr. James Mouatt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British " Vessels, from the Coast of

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered . Vot.XLIV.

4°5

in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have nor befcn made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this HouTe, an Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Governor Barnes do,' upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred t<? consider farther of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, Thaj Governor Miles do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Governor Weuvesdo attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fountain do attend the said Copnmittee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Macintojb do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Bold do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Knox do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain William Littleton do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Mure do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. King do attend the said

Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr; Norris do attend the said

Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Penny do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Vice Admiral Edwards do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Heatley do attend the said

Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. do attend the said

Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bay ley do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Charles Ellis do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain John Gell do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Anthony James Pye Molloy do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Richard Fisher do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill. for ascertaining the Powers, and limiting the Jurisdiction, of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or ftufiness of a Baker, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Sccdnd, intituled,

5 L " An

ii° Mait.

To Secretary of Commissioners of American Loyalists.

For carrying on the Piofe-ciition against Mr. Halting*.

Committee on Debtors Bill to fit notwithstanding Ad-jonroment

Several Persons to attend Committee on Slave Trade.

Bakers Com* pany Bill de« fared*

Supply deferred.

Ways and Meant deferred.

Loyne Navigation Bill passed.

South Kil-worth Inclosure Bill passed.

No&on and Potterhan-worth, kc. Drainage Bill reported.

" An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish " Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or " Bread."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 25* die Maii;

Anno 29* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of , and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called and for building

a Quay or Wharf near the Town of , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Rawlinson do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

ResolvedyThat die Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Parish of South K in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of and

worthy in the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish of Branfton, in the County of the City of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of ai Acres, or thereabouts, who were wrote to, but returned no Answer; and that the whole property belonging to Persons interested in the Bill coiififts of 5,682 Acres 2 Roods and 1 Perch, or thereabouts j and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppOfe the Bill);

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Bullock reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for flowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of General Philip Honywcod, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in paying off a Mortgage now due and owing on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was committed 1 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him t® report the Bill to the House, without any Amendr ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bullock do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord Frederick Campbell., according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appropriating the Sum of jT. 3,000, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh, to public Uses, in that Part of the Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Banbam, in the County of Norfolk, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement for Sale of the Brewhouse and Hereditaments in and near Golden Lane, London, lately belonging to Joseph Dickinson, Esquire, deceased, and for applying Two-Thirds of the Money, agreed to be paid for the Purchase of the Freehold Part of the said Brewhouse and Hereditaments in the Purchase of Freehold Hereditaments, to be settled in Manner in the said Act mentioned, and for such other Purposes as in the said Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, devised by the Will of John Earl Tylney, in London, Middlesex, and Essex, in Trustees,

General tfony-wood’t £ forte Bill rrported, and paired.

Highland Society Bill reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Banham Inclosure Bill, with Amendments*

The Lords have passed

Die kin Ton's Estate BUI*

Earl Tylney* Eft ate Bill.

Gtmk'i Nit

Bill

Lord* Amendment* to Ban* bam Incloi'urc BUI agreed to*

Bristol Dtbtort Petitioe*

Buckland

Dinlum Road BUi reported.

Petition* from Owner* of I Hate* in Chelwoi th; and Cncklade j against L hel-wurth Inclo* lore Bill.

Trustees, to be (old, and for laying oat the Money thence anting in other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof to the same Uses» to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopher Getn/ to which the Lords

deftre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Banbam, in the County of Nor-fo/k.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 15. J. 8. After «« " inferc " or the

Redoror Vicar of any of the said Parishes."

1. 30. After " Proprietors " insert " Recfor or Vicar."

Pr. 1 6.L 20. After Proprietors" insert "J^ec- for or Vicar."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John li do carry the Bill to the Lords i and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ihips.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Prison of Newgate, in the City and County of , was presented to the House,. and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

Mr. rbelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and after and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinbam to the End of the Parish of Timjlury, and also the Road from Norton to

the F.nd of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from /. e low to a Place known by the Name of Tie Red Po/l,in the County of Somerset, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House } and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout { and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves and others, being Owners and Occupiers of Houses ahd. Lands within 1 the Tything of Groat and Little Chelworth, in the Outer Boundaries of the late Forest of Braydon, in the Par’fh of Cricklade Saint in the County of H ilts: And also,

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves and others, being Owners and Occupiers of Houses atgi Lands in the Town of Cricklade, in the County of

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allot-

ting, and inclosing a certain Common, called Chelworth Common, and Eighty-four Acres of Lands in Greens and Lanes, within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, of One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of j and Setting forth, That the said Bill dates, that certain Persons therein particularly named, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of certain inclosed Lands and Premises in Chelworth, within the Inner Boundaries of the late fared of Braydon, in the said Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampjon, and as such are entitled to an exclusive Right of Common of Padure u|u>n the said Common, called worth Common, and the said Eighty-four Ncrcf in Greens and Lanes , and that the Petitioners beg Leave to acquaint the House, that by immemorial Usage and ancient Cudom, the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands . within the said Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, in the Outer Boundaries of the latp Forth of Braydon, and within the said TOwy , of Cricklade, at large, have a Right of Come mon over all the said Common and l^ands intended to be inclosed by the iTcl Bill, and are now and ever baye been in the adttal Poflefftoo and Enjoyroenc of such Right, without any Interruption whatsoever, and if the same be differed to be allotted to the Owners -and Proprietors of the Lands and Premisses within the said Inner Boundaries only, as proposed by the said Bill, the Petitioners, and others, being such Owners and Occupiers, will have no Recompence or Sanlfadton made to them, in Lieu of their ref; ad ive Rights of Common upon the said Common, and Eighty-four Acres in Greens and Lanes, but will be deprived of their ancient Rights and Privileges, in respect to the said Common and Lands: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Property, or be injurious to them, and may have such Relief as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill if committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudion to the said CommitteejJThat they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking Into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for further regulating and ascertaining the Impor- tation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within *« several Torts and Places therein mentioned," was committed j

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, s to

Corn Regulation Bill recommitted.

Westminstef Society Bill deferred*

408 25 M 1789.

to consider further of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The West Society for grant-

ing Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Sur-vivorships;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself info the said Committee.

Accounts of Money issued to Mr. Cotton prsfented.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cottony Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to reimburse him the Sum of jf. 2,000, paid by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to and

Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for Ame-

rican Claims, for. their Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and to pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof: And also.

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cottony Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer,' out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of

American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, and to pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof: And also.

An Account of Money issued to Thomas , Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills, &c. drawn upon the Commissioners of the Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia; Earl of "Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands; and Thomas Carle ton, Esquire, Governor of New Brun/wick, for Fees on Grants of Lands, and other Expences (in settling the Loyalists, &c.) in the respective Governments: And also.

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Two Bills, drawn from the Cape of Good Hope,. by Andrew Miller, Commissary to the Settlement at New South Wales, for vifhialling the Detachment of Convicts, and other Services.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz,.

An ACCOUNT of 'Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of , His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following j viz.

1788. June 17th. To reimburse him the Sum of 2,000, paid by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury f to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission — —

To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, , 25th May 1789.

Thv Steele.

2,000 — — in > — 6

2,111 — 6

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the following Services;

For defraying the Expence of Allowances, for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government - — — £.

To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

39,500 ——

2,059 11 "

4M59 11 —

TIMES WHEN ISSUED.

1788. July 13th — November nth

1789. March 18th

May6th

- 1- 13,149 11 6

— 10,521 5 6

— 10,521 5 6

— 7,367 8 6

£ 41,559 11 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th May 1789.

The1 Steele.

An

250 Mail.

409

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills, &c. drawn upon the Commissioners of the Treasury, by John Parr, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia-, Earl of Governor

of the Bahama I (lands; and Thomas Carleton, Esquire, Governor of viz.

1788. September 13 th.

1789.

April a 2d.

A Bill, drawn by Lieutenant Governor Parr, for the Purchase of Lumber, and other Expences in settling the Loyalists and Dif* banded Troops at St. John's River in New —

Amount of a Certificate granted by Lieutenant Governor Parr, of Fees due to Charles Morris, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Lands in Nova Scotia, upon Grants of Lands to Loyalists and Dif-banded Troops, from the ift of Ap 1786 to the 31st of December

Amount of Half Fees due to Lieutenant Governor Parr, on Grants of Lands to Loyalists and Dilbanded Troops, from the ift of April 1786 to the 31st March 1787 — — - . —

To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof . — . —

Sundry Bills drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, for Fees due to the Governor, the Attorney General, the Clerk, of the Council, and the Secretary of the Bahama Elands, on Grants of Lands to the Loyalists in those Elands, and for Disbursements made by the Surveyor General. of Lands, for Fees to the Deputy Surveyor, and Wages to the Chain Bearers employed in surveying Lands in the said Elands for the Loyalists, between a6th September 1787 and 26th July 1788 — — 800 14 2

Amount of an Account transmitted by Governor Carleton, and audited and approved by the Council of New Brunswick, for Half Fees due to the Secretary,

Surveyor General, Register, and Auditor there, on Grants of Lands made to Loyalists, &c. in the said Province, between the ift of ORober 1787 and the 30th March 1788 — -

Amount of a Certificate granted by Governor Parr to Constant Conner, for his Services in collecting Lumber, Farming Utensils, &c. for the Use of the Loyal Refugees, &c. on their Arrival at

New Brunswick, from 14th Jun to 24th

1783 — —

To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — —

— 136 -

— — 29 18 6

J. s.

72 7 10* 106 to 9

68 12 6

14 16 —

1,024 12 8$

1,286 19 9f

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 45th May 1789.

Thos Steele,

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the following Services f viz.

1788. July 10th. To pay Two Bills, drawn upon the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury, from the Cape of Good Hope, by Andrew Miller, Commissary to the Settlement at New South Wales, for victualling the Detachment of Convicts, and other Services, amounting in Sterling to the Sum of — — £ 1,966 — 7

To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — 109 5

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th May 1789.

Tho' Steele,

2,075 6 1

Vol. XLIV.

5 M

Ordered

4io

25'

Mali.

A. 1789.

Cromford Canal Bill -reported.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near Cromford Green, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the ErewaJlj Canal at or near Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, or One of them, and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park to or

near Pinxton Mill,in the County of Derby, and the other from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two Branches, into the Parish of Selfton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of Harrington, and the humble Petition of Strutt and Sons, being Owners of Mills situate on the River Derwent, in the County of Derby, was referred;

That the Committee had heard Counsel and examined Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and had al/b heard Counsel and examined Witnesses in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be now brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Poor Relief Bill deferred.

T.1W ,k. V — Smith,

Teller, for the Yeas, |Mf Umm.

-i;

Tellers for the Noes,

55*

‘Lord George j

Henry Cavendish, > 33.

J Mr. Dudley North: J So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Lord George Cavendish accordingly delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 15th Day of this Instant May, for taking into further Confederation, Tomorrow, the Reporc from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Day appointed for Second Reading of Knight* of ShiiesElcflion Bill.

Accounts

presented.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend the several Acts, passed in the Seventh apd Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Third, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of June next.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Fisher also, from the Exchequer, pr.efented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for giving " Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their tf Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy *{ Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their " Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the " British Government; and for making Compensation

" to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties " in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain," for the Year 1789: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th of April 1787 and the 5th of April 1788, and

between the 5th of April 1788 and the 5th of April 1789: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to Mr. James Mouatt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities,’ Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and Contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament: And also, An Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited " Time, the shipping, and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of Africa:" And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and wl ;ch have not been made good by Parliament.

Addrefi

Money.

Sums necessary for Payment of Order* for Relief to American and East Florida Sufferers.

Produce of Customs, Excise, See*

Money issued to Mr. Bradley for maintaining Convicts at Plymouth.

ToMr.Campbell for D° on the Thames.

To Clerk of Commissioners appointed to enquire into Feel of Office*-

To Secretary of Commissioner* for regulating the Shipping of Slave*.

To D° of Crown Lands.

To D° of

East Florida Claims.

To D° of American LoyalitU.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The Third of the said Accounts is preserved amongst the otherPapers of this Session; and the others of the said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To

zg Geo. III. 25° Maii.

4"

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and BurgelTes, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to AddrdTes of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

John Hatfell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of the

House of Commons - —

Henry Hughs, Esquire, for defraying the Expences attending the printing Bills, Reports,

and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons — John Nichols, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes

of the House of Commons ——

John Kipling, Esquire, to pay the Relit and Taxes of a House in Chancery , used as

the Rolls Office before the present Building was erected — — —

George White, Esquire, to reimburse him the Expences incurred in procuring Returns from the several Parftbes and Places in E, of the Poors Rates and Charitable Donations - —

To the following Persons, being Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Possessions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America -, .

John Wilmot, Esquire ——

Colonel Robert Kingston — —

John. Marsh, Esquire — — - —

Rob1 Mackenzie, Esquire — — —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

1,50° — —

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

314 i 6

To the following Persons, being Commissioners appointed to enquire into the LolTes of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Nejbit Balfour, Esquire — —

John Spranger, Esquire — - —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

— 1,500 ——

— — — 1,500 ——

— *57 7 6

James Craufurd, Esquire, Agent at Rotterdam, to be applied towards the Repairs of the English Episcopal Church at Rotterdam ——

Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be by him applied towards the Payment of PenGons, to such Persons who have been Sufferers during the late unhappy Dissentions in America — Doctor Cuthbert Gordon, as a further Reward for his Merit in discovering Substances useful in Dyeing, and as an Encouragement to him to proceed in the said Dif-coveries — — — . — —

jC*

f. S. dm

1,200 ——

2,071 13 — 720 9 — 246 10 4

460 — —

6,314 1 6

3,*57 7

1,000 — —

19,000 — —

200 — —

34,370 +

Exchequer, the 45th Day of May 1789.

James Fisherm

To

g

(Q

i — h

N'

CD

CL

cr

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, 2nd Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for giving Relief to such Persons , as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their K " Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in Consequence of the _

" Cell!on of the Province of East Florida to the King, of Spain," for Sums less than £.50, together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of £.3. iOi. per Centum per Annum, that will become due for Three Quartets of a Year, bn the 5th of April 1789, when the same are to be paid off and annihilated: And also, the Amount of the several Orders made forth for the Sum of £.50, or the Multiples of £.50, with Interest thereupon, after the Rate of £.3. 10 Centum per Annum, due and payable for Three Quarters of a Year, on the said 5th Day of April 178)9, together with the Sum of £.6.5 s.per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in such Orders of £.50, or upwards And likewise the

Amount of the Money that will be necflfary to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 10 Centum per Annum, which will become due on the 10th October 1789, on the Sum remaining unsatisfaed on the Principal Sum of such Orders, together with/. 6. 5s. per Centum, in further Reduction of the Principal Sum contained in each respective Order. ..... ....

American Claims.

The Amount of the Sums less than £. 50, together with InteVeft fot' the fame, after the Rate of £.3. 10 per Centum per Annum, due for Three Quarters of a Year, to 5th April 1789, is — — — ' —

The Amount of the several Orders made forth for the Sum of £.50, or the Multiples of ^.50. (with Interest thereupon, after the Rate of ^.3. 10 s. per Centum per Annum,due and payable for Three Quarters of a'

Year, to the said 5th of April 1789) together with the Sum of 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum s.

contained in such Orders of £.50, and upwards, is — , — . — - , — 1,413,450 — —

The Amount of the Money that will be necessary to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of ,£.3. ioj. Per Centum per Annum, which will become due on the 10th October 1789, on the Sum remaining unsatisfied on the Principal Sum of such Orders, together with £.6.5 s. per Centum,-in further Reduction of the Principal Sum contained in each respective

EAST] FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums less than £.50, together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of ^.3. 10

due for Three Quarters of a Year, to 5th April 1789, is - —

The Amount of the several Orders made forth for the Sum of £.50, or the Multiples of £.50 (with Interest thereupon, after the Rate of £.3. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, due and payable for Three Quarters of a Year, to the said 5th of April 1789) together with the Sum of $s.per Centum, of the Principal Sum s. d.

contained in such Orders of £.50, and upwards, is - 128,500 — —

The Amount of the Money that will be necessary to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 10 per Centum per Annum, which will become due on the 10th October 1789, on the Sum remaining unsatisfied on the Principal Sum of such Orders, together with £.6. $s- $er Centum, in further Reduction of the Principal Sum contained in each respective

Money required to pay American Claims, for the Year 1789 Ditto — — East Florida Claims, for D°.

Exchequer, the 25th Day of May 1789.

James

Principal to be paid off. Interest. Total.

L -t. d. £. s. d. - £. s. d.

49,527 n ~ 1,300 1 ill 50,827 12 III

88,340 12 6 37,103 1 3 125,443 13 9

88,340 12 6 23,189 8 31- 111,530 — 9!

Total — 287,801 7 51

4,203 11 6| no 6 10 4,3U 18 4

8,031 5 — 3,373 2 6 11,404 7 6

8,031 5 — 2,108 4 — 1 10,139 9 — x

T otal — 25.857 14 n{

— — 287,801 7 5$.

— — 25,857 14 n?

Total — 313,659 2 5

it? Mail. 1789.

29 Geo. Ill

25° Mali.

413

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convids in the Harbour of at Plymouth, and which have not been made

good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoze at and which have

not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Eight thousand One hundred and Eighty Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Exchequer, the 35th Day of May 1789.

James

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and BurgelTcs, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Forty-eight thousand Four hundred and Seventeen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence.

Exchequer, the 25th Day of May 17 89.

James.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to Mr. James , Chief Clerk in the

Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and Contingent Expences in theic Office, which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to Mr. James Mouatt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and Contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Seven hundred and Sixty-one Pounds One Shilling.

Exchequer, the 25th Day of May 1789.

James Fisher.

Vo 1. XLIV.

5 N

To

4*4

A. 1789

a 50 Matt.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of

l'he Monies which have been issued to Charles Peace, Gentleman, Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in " British Vessels from the Coast of Africa," amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the 35th Day of May 1789.

fames Fisher.

W

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and JJurgeffes, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown.

To Sir Charles Middleton, Baronet, John Call, and John Fordyce, Esquires, Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, the Sum of Three thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 25 th Day of May 1789.

James Fisher,

4.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Purgeffes, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain,

The Monies which have been issued to lletny Litchfield, Esquire, Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, amount to the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, the 25th Day of 1789.

James

To

*9 Geo. Ill

15® Maii.

4*5

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled. /

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to John Esquire, Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Four thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence.

Exchequer, the 25th Day of 1789.

James Fisher.

euft’i Kit. BHi read.

Bill for pet* venting destroying Ships, Woollen Goo*It, &c. in Scotland! trderctl.

Account of Ship* cleiied from Liver* pool and Bnliol to

Africa.

ordered.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopbe Cemja, was read the First Time.

Refohcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that cleared from the Ports of Liverpool and to the

Coast of Africa, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788 distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Dace of her Clearance, the Number of her Men, including Officers, her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that f^Undoi! cleared from the Port of London to the East Indies, in to the E*a the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing ,nd’*'L the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Entry, the °* Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that fnhi£n"e<l arrived in the Port of London from the Indies, in from the East the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing ,ndi*‘ the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Entry, the ot we Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Quantity of Grain, Beef, Pork, Fish, ^^^nto the and other Articles of Provisions, imported into the ind?«,*

British West India Islands, in the Years 1785, 1786, adored, and 1787 } distinguishing each Year, and each Species of Provisions, and the particular Island into which imported.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an fn'tKWciT* Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that Indict from ' arrived in the Britiftj West India Islands, from the Coast Africa,«der- of Africa, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; ' ’ distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of

her Entry, the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an framViver*1 Account c^c Number of Ships and Vessels that pool, Lancaf- cleared from the Ports of Liverpool, Bristol,

w'if'r‘‘°the and Glasgow, to the Britiftj West India Islands, in the rdweJ. IM’ Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Clearance, the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an fnLive^U Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that Lancaster, Slc. arrived in the Ports of Liverpool, Lancaster, Bristol, ftom the West and Glasgow, from the British West Islands, in

wdeTed. the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788} distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Entry, the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that o^frolTE^g-have cleared out from the several Ports of England, land for the for the Greenland and Davis's Streights Fishery, and Greenland the Baltic Trade, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and and'<7thofe 1788} distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the enwedln-Date of her Clearance, the Number of her Men, in- ordered, eluding Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry j also, a similar Account of those which have entered Inwards.

Ordered, That there be laid before' this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that have cleared out from the Ports of Poole and - and Dart-00 mouth, for the Newfoundland Fishery, in the Years mouth for the 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Clearance, the Number those arrired, of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her ordwe<1. Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry; also, a similar Account of all Ships and Vessels (Coasting Vessels excepted) which arrived at the Ports of Poole and Dartmouth in the above Period.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the eefr* ' whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved,

Wiyl and

Means deferred.

Estimites, &c.

relented.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

Sr. John’s I Hand.

25° — 16° Mail. A. 1789.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, rcfolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 26° Mail;

Anno 29* Georgii III*1' Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

IS TR. Rose presented to the House, by His Ma-

J^yJL jetty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of , in

from the lft of January 1789 to the ift of January 1790: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New in Ame-

rica, from the 24th of June 1789 to the 24th of June 1790And also,

1 Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in , from the 1 ft of January 1789 to the ift of January 1790:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta- Cape Breton, blishment of the Island of Cape , in

from the 24th of June 1789 to the 24th of June 1790:

And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries Newfound-of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of , and-Newfoundland, from the ift of April 1789 to the & of April 1790: And also, f

Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Bahama Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to Island*’ the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January 1789 to the ift of January 1790: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of Bermuda " the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of *nd*‘

" June 1789 to the 24th of June 1790:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of Dominica.

" the Island of Dominica, from the ift of January " 1789 to the ift of January 1790:" And also,

Estimate for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South New South Wales, from the ibth of October 1788 to w*le* the 10th of 0Slober 1789: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the Estimates, Total* of the

" 1789." Estimate*.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followethj

viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of in America, from the ift of January 1789 to the ift of January 1790.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - —

Chief Justice — . — . — — —

Attorney General — —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council — —

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Allowance to a Bishop - —

to Ministers ——

D°, towards building Two additional Churches and Parsonage Houses in the new Town-Ihips settled by the Loyalists ——

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England —

Mrs. How's Annuity - — —

Allowance to the Superintendant of the Fishery ——

On Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit of Grants — — —

To the Reverend Mr. Bennett, whose Services as Missionary to the Indians have been very meritorious, and who by a Paralytic Stroke is rendered incapable of performing his Duty; his Living having been given by the Society to another Missionary, he is now reduced to the utmost Poverty and Distress — — — . —

D* to the Reverend Doctor Breynton, late Minister of , who, from his advanced

Age, and a Service of upwards of 45 Years, during which Time he has borne an exemplary Character, finds it necessary to relinquish his Preferment — —

To the late Register, whose Office is united to that of Secretary, until otherwise provided

To Lieutenant Governor Fanning, for Salary, from the ift of January to the 20th of May 1786, when the Province was reduced to a Lieutenant Government, and Governor Farr became the Lieutenant Governor, 140 Days, at £.500 omitted in a

former Estimate - — .

c-

1,000

500

150

250

100

150

5°

200

700

965

1,000

75

-100

200

200

too — —

150 ——

136 17 6

192 — —

6,218 17 6

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of in America %from the 24th of June 1789 to the 24th June 1790.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor.

Chief Justice — . — _ — —

Salary to Three Assistant Judges, ^.300 each — — — * — -

Attorney General - —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council —

Naval Officer - —

Surveyor General of Lands ——

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers ——

To an Allowance towards the building Two additional Churches and Parsonage Houses in the new Townships settled by the Loyalists — — — . —

To an Allowance on Account, for unforeseen Contingencies — — —

I,coo 500 900 150

250

100

J$0

150

700

I,coo 500

5>4co ——

ES TI MATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint , in

from the if! of January 1789 to the id of January 1790.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor — — —

Chief Justice — — —

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council —

Naval Officer — — —

r Provost Marshal — — j-

Minister ——

Surveyor General — *- — *

Agent ——

To an Allowance ? r Contingencies — — — .

D® on Account, for the Receipt and Auditing — —

D® to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for D* to the late Clerk of the Council, until otherwise provided for 1 —

500

300

too

150

IOO

zoo

70

IOO IOO I JO

too

90

60

1,900 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Hland of same , in

from the 24th of June 1789 to the 24th of June 1790.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor — —

Chief Justice — — —

Attorney General — - —

Secretary, Register) and Clerk of the Council — Naval Officer — — —

Provost Marshal ' — —

Minister - — —

Surveyor General — — —

Allowance upon Account, for unforeseen Contingencies — —

Yoit. XX.IV,

50

500 300 100 150

IOO

loo

IOO

IOO

150

500

2,100 — —

ESTIMATE

2 6° Mail.

A. 1789,

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland,from the ift of April 1789 to the ift of April 17 9°*

Salary of the Governor —

Governor’s Secretary — -

Judge of the Admiralty Naval Officer —

Agent — —

On Account, for Fees on Receipt and Audit

I- 500 — —

— 182 10 —

— 200 —

— IOO —

— IOO —

— IOO —

1,182 10 —

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama in Addition

to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and pther incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January 1789 to the ift of January 1790.

Additional Salary to the Governor — — -

Chief Justice — —

Salary to Two Assistant Judges, £.100 per Annum each —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council —

Provost Marshal — — —

Attorney General — . — — —

Naval Officer — - —

Minister ——

Salary to the Minister at Harbour Island and Eleutbera —

D* to Two Missionaries to the other Islands —

D* to the Surveyor General of Lands ——

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government Agent — — —

Allowance on Account, for unforeseen Contingencies —

800 — — 500 — — 400 — —

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 — —

70 ——

70 ——

140 — —

150 ——

700 — —

*5° ——

500 — —

4,080 ——

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islandsy from the :24th of June 1789 to the 24th of June 179b — — — ' £.

Fees on Receipt — — — — . — — —

500 — —

80 ——

580 — —

SALARY

North ey^i Estate Bill read

419

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Island of from the ill of January 1789

to the ift of January 1790 ——

£.600 — —

To cease when a Salary has been provided by the Legislature of the Island.

V

ESTIMATE for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the toth of 1788

to the ioth of October 1789.

Allowance to the Governor — — — *

Lieutenant Governor — —

Deputy Judge Advocate — —

Commissary — —

Provost Marshal — 7 —

Chaplain — — —

Surgeon — — —

Three Mates, each £.91. 5. —

Surveyor of Lands ——

Agent ——

Upon Account, for Payment of Fees upon the Receipt and Audit

£ 1,000 —

— 250 — —

— 182 10 —

— 182 10 —

— 91 5 —

— 182 10 —

— 182 10 —

— 273 —

— 182 10 —

— 15°

— 206 — —

1- 2,877 10 —

TOTALS of the ESTIMATES*

JL

Nova Scotia New Brun/wick Saint John Cape Breton Newfoundland Bahama's

Bermuda Dominica New South Wales

*T

6,218 17 6

5,400 — — 1,900 — - — 4,ioo — — 1,182 10 — 4,080 — — * 580 — — 600 — - — 2,877 10 —

24»938 *7 6

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William

Northey, Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustaes, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

4*o

2 6° M.

A. 1789.

Ledbury / Roads Bill pre lented*

Sir Thomaa Hales* Estate Bill reported, and passed.

Shrewsbury Debtors Petition.

Sir George Cortiewall preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from , in the County of

Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of berrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from G to And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,-intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir ‘Thomas Pym Hales, Baronet, deceased, in the County of , in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for other Purpose.s therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to Jthe Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the poor unfortunate Debtors now Confined in His Majesty’s County Gaol of was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

Part of his settled Estates, and vesting the remaining Part of the same Estates in Trustees for Sale, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. iVilbrabam, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter Buckian.i and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinhamto the End of the Parish of Timsbury, and also the Road from Norton to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from Wellow to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Din-ham to the End of the Parish of T, and also the Road from Midfomer Norton to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from to a

Place known by the Name of The Red Pojt, in the County of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from , in the said County, to join the Road from Buckland Din-ham aforesaid, in the Street of , in the said

County.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence,

st. Oiad’j Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom reported?1 Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint

Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunder signed, on Behalf of themselves, and several Hundred other Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, bearing Lot, and paying Scot, in the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, \yith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, that the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

Eiult b*ii Act to enable Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, to charge his committed. settled Estates in the County of York in the Manner therein mentioned, was read Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

IVilbrabam, Mr. Brett, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

L'oyd i Fdate An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bill commit- Act to enabjc t]ie Reverend William Lloyd to complete his Contraft with Jacob Esquire, for Sale of

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to T.ddingto» whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping RoadBiU in Repair, the Road leading from the Cross Hands in repo ' Teddington Field, in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcester, to the London Turnpike Road, between Evesham and Perjhore, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to . by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to Ereflum whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, of the First* npott Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Uevefham, and several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

3 Mr*

16° Maii.

421

Bill for

making 9trceU from Fleet Stiett to Temple Street, &C« repotted-

Mr. Btyverie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to ‘Temple Street, in the City of Louden, and also a Public Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane, and for (topping up or peering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and fettiqg^ut others, near to, or communicating with, such Street and Passage, was committed; and to whom the Petition of min White, of Fleet Street, in the City of , Book-feller, was referred; That the Committee had'eon-fidcred the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bill com* nutted*

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating the Sale of certain Estates late of John Fofter, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-faring, Mr. Dempjer, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Chamber.

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Captain Thompson to Mr. Stephens, dated Nautilus, Spit head, 2 id ’January 1788: And also,

N° 10. Lift of the Black Poor embarked for Sierra Leona, delivered by Captain 30th December

1788: And also,

N° 11. Cession of a Territory on the Banks of the River Sierra Leona, for the Accommodation of the Black Poor, itth June 1787, delivered by Captain ‘Thompjon, 2d January 1789.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re- ' ferred to consider further of the Circutnstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

P*rfeer’a and Hohbint't Eftstt Bill committed*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Tenants for Life, and other Persons ir^ Possession, or entitled to the Rents of the Estates comprized in certain Indentures of Settlement, One made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Mar-

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Meftiiages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and the Speaker’s Township of Bramley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that certain Owners of Lands and Tenements, within the said Manor and Township, have presented a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Ground, called Bramley Common, and other the Waste Grounds within t ie said

Petition against Brim-ley Iociofurt Bill.

Papers respecting the ' Free Negroes sent to Africa* presented*

riage of Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham, in the County Manor and Township; and Alledging, That the Pe-of Warwick, Gentleman, with Ann his Wife, and the titioners have an indisputable Right of Common upon others made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the said Common and Waste Grounds, and, they con-the Marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid, ceive that an Inclosure thereof would be productive Gentleman, with Mary his Wife, to grant Leases, and of no Advantage to any of the Proprietors claiming for other Purposes, was read a Second Time. a Right of Common thereon, but would very mate-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry rially prejudice their respective Estates in the said Hogbton, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to-meet Township: And therefore praying. That in case any this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Bill should be brought in, pursuant to any such Pcti-Chamber. ‘ tien, that they may be heard, by their Counsel and

Witnesses, to oppose the fame, or that the Petitioners Mr. Townshend presented to the House, pursuant to may have such further Relief in the Premises as to their Orders, _ the House shall seem meet.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Right honour- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the able Lord Sydney to the Lords Commissioners of the Table, until the Report'be received from the Corn-Admiralty, dated Whitehall, 7th December 1786: And mittee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing also, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commis- or Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Leeds, and (toners of the Admiralty to the Right honourable County of York, is committed; and that the Peti-Lord Sydney, dated 6th February 1787; inclosing, tioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Captain ‘Thompjon said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

to Mr. Stephens, dated , 4th February

1787: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Sydney to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated 21st February 1787: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Right honourable

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Scvennight, the 8th Day of June next.

An ingrossed Bill for appropriating the Sum of Highland Lord Sydney, dated Admiralty 20th September 1787; £.3,000, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus

inclosing, arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to *

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from Captain Thompson be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at to Mr. Stephens, dated Sierra Leona River, 26th Edinburgh, to public Uses, in that Part of the King-May 1787: And also, dom, was read the Third Time.

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commis- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title sioners of the Admiralty to the Right honourable be. An Act for appropriating the Sum of £.3,000,

Lord Sydney, dated 8th ORober 1787; inclosing, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Captain ‘Thompjon from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be ap-to Mr. Stephens,dated from Sierra Leona River, plied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edin-

Africa, 23d July 1787; And also, burgh, to public Uses, in that Part of the Kingdom."

Vol. XL1Y. $ p Ordered,

z6° Mail.

A. 1789.

Cromford Canal BUI

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the cumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . several Petitions which were presented to the House

in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a of the African Slave Trade.

Navigable Canal from or near Cromford Green,in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the

Erewash Canal at or near Langley ,in the Counties of Nottingham and Derbyor One of them, and aljfo Two Collateral Cuts, one from the said intended Canal at or near Codnor Bark to or near

An ingossed Bill from" the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into 'Execution an Agreement for Sale of the Brewhouse and Hereditaments in and near Golden Lane, London, lately belonging to Joseph Dickinson, Esquire, deceased, and for applying Two Thirds

DickinfoiTs Eft ate Bull read.

Mill, in the County of Derby, and the other from the of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of

said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park, in Two the Freehold Part of the said Brewhouse and Here-Branches, into the Parish of Selfton, in the County of ditaments, in the Purchase of Freehold Heredita-Nottingham, was read the Third Time. ments, to be settled in Manner in the said Act men-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title tioned, and for such other Purposes as in the said Act be. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable mentioned, was read the First Time.

Canal from, or from near to, Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal at or near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing.

allotting, and inclosing, all the

Hawkers and Pedlars Bill paged.

An ingossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ct An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Ped- Speaker’s Chamber. lars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Traide," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars,

and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade."

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Ofmafton next Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called SinftnMoor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Ofmtfton Inclosure Bill committed.

Petition from

A Petition of the Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees empowered to put into Execution Three Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill ' and Langua Bridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition, on Behalf of the Petitioners, and other the Trustees for carrying the said Acts into Execution, was presented to the House,

Petition for additional Pruvision to Hereford Roads Bill*

Trade.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and ______________________, r___________________

thl'In^abitants of the Town of Wigan, assembled in the on the 10th Day of March last^ for Leave to bring in of the Slave New Town Hall, on Saturday the a 3d Day of May a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two 1789, was presented to the House, and read} Setting Acts, pafl*ed in the Third and Twenty-second Years forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that of his late Majesty, for repairing the said Roads the jtfricanSlave Trade is now taken into Considera- (which Petition was referred to a Committee, and tien by a Committee of the whole House, with the Report made thereon, on the 1 ath Day of this Instant avowed Intention of the immediate and total Aboli- May, and Leave given to bring in a Bill)} and that tien of that important Branch of Commerce j and that the said Act of the Ninth Year of His present Ma-the said Trade has been carried on for some Hundred j'efty, which, by the said Trustees, was meant to be Years, under the Sanction of our Laws, encouraged further enlarged, having been, by Mistake, omitted by Bounties and repeated Grants of Assistance and to be inftrted in the said Petition, the Petitioners are ProteClion under various Administrations, and forms thereby only enabled to carry the Purposes of the said an important Link in that grand Chain, the Prefcrva- Two Acts of the Third and Twenty-second Years of tien of which, entire and unbroken, has brought this the Reign of his late Majesty into Execution: And Nation to its present State of Power and Greatness, therefore praying. That Provision may be made in but, if such important Innovations as are now in Agi-

tation Should be once introduced, the Petitioners know not how far they may spread, or whose Trade will be next abolished j and that the British Settlements in the West Indies, the Source of the Manufactures of this Country, arc likely to be importantly injured by such a Change, and One great Nursery for Seamen, the Bulwark of Britain, materially impaired $ and that other Nations in Europe, our most dangerous Rivals, in Peace or War, are striving to secure to themselves that Branch of Trade which some amongst us seem willing to reject: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into their most serious Consideration, and adopt such Measures for the Preservation of the said Trade as they shall deem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Cir-

such Bill for further enlarging the Term and Powers of the Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectually carrying into Execution the several Purposes prayed for in the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Cornewall, Mr. Min-chin, &cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, " That Leave be given to bring " in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, " for repairing and widening the Road from the

* Turnpike

Order for Hatton Road

Bill dif.

charged, and another Bill oulered.

Turnpike Road at ,near the Borough of Warwick, through K Norton, in the County of *« Worcester, and to the Upper End of,

" in the Parish of Brom/grove, and to the Bull Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of " Worcester ,"might be read.

And the same being read accordingly i

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the Report which, upon Wednesday last, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King’s Norton, in the County of Worcester, and to the Upper End of Garrow Green, in the Parish of Brom/grove, and to the Bell in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester, and also of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, residing near to that Part of the said Road as lies between the Turn-pike Road at Hatton aforesaid, and Hockley Heath, in the said County, and the other Roads thereafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King’s Norton, in the County of Worcester, and to the Upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Brom/grove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester, so far as relates to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton, and Hockley Heath, in the County of Worcester: And that Mr. Ladbroke and Sir George William Shuck-

hurgh do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hatton Road Mr. Ladbroke presented to the House, according to B>n presented. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, and to the Upper End of Gannow in the Parish

of Brom/grove, and to -the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester, so far as relates to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton, and Hockley Heath, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

F.ari Tyin«y’« An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Etiate 8:11 for veiling Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of ‘ John Earl Tylney in London, Middlesex, and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, and for lay:ng out the Money thence arising in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session 1

The House being informed that Mr. from Account of the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door} Ex^DuV. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the presented. House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties of Excise, distinguishing, as far as polTible, the Produce of every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to £.1,000, or upwards, between the 5th of April 1788 and the 5th of April 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Greenock Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening,

cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for supplying the

Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water, and " for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the *« Streets and other public Places within the said " Town," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. struther, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord John ‘Townshend reported from the Committee, Covent Gar-

to whom the Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers of ^11 repottad. an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of <c Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of " for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues " leading to the said Church, and for removing the present Watch House, and providing another for " the Use of the said Parish," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout s and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question , severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for further regulating the Trade and Business Pawnbroker* of Pawnbrokers, was read a Second Time. ted. eom,nU*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rt/olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the qth Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from she^Exche-'"10 Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by quer of Duties Stamps, attended at the Door} he was called in} and, on Stamps, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their preente . Order,

An Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer. between the 5th of April 1788 and the 5th of April 1789, on Account of the Duties arising from Stamps.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, House to be That this House be called over upon this Day Fort- c*lied over* night, the oth Day of June next; and that such Members as shall not then attend be lent. for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{The Earl of Mor-1

nington, [ 158.

The Lord Maitland: J

Teller, for he Noes, f

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The

Committee on Slave Trade.

Edinburgh Roads Bill committed.

Erelham Roads Bill palfed.

Teddingtoo Road Bid passed.

' The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Sdlion of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee. . Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Si* ll illiam Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined a Wit-nels, in Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Afr ca from the Port of , and of the several other Petitions from the Town of j

and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they mav have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 270 Mail;

Anno 29* Georgii III*" Regis, 1789. Prayers.

AB I L L for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of jj 'ueensferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and for making the same more effectual, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Dundas, Sir John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. , .

0

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, of the First, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Evesham, and several other Roads in the Counties of WorceJlerand , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, of the First, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Evesham, and several other Roads in the Counties ot Worcester and Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Cross Hands in Teddington Held, in the Parish of,

in the County of H’orcester, to the London Turnpike Road, between Evesham and in the said

County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Cross Hands in Teddington Field, in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcejltr,to the London Turnpike Road, between Evesham and Perjbore, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Brett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Comewall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees empowered to put into Execution Three Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Hill and Langua Bridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared by the Notices produced to your Committee, That it was the Intention of the Trustees to apply to Parliament for an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of the Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, as well as of the Acts of the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Inftroftion to the Gentlemen who are'appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for further enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road leading from the said City of Hereford to Hoarwitby Passage, through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of " Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill and Langua " Bridge

Sir George Comewall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the said City of Hereford to Hoarwitby Passage, through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Arthur Annesley Roberts, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear, the Sur-% name

Petition for additional Provision to Hereford Roads Bill reported.

Hereford Roads Bill presented.

The Lords hare agreed

Roberts’s Name Bill.

29 Geo. III.

2 70 Mail.

4*5

itformanby Inclosure Bill*

Llanfyllin Market House, &c. Bill.

name and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell, Esquire, deceasetl; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for re-building the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of , and for

other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the . Expence thereof by Sale of certain Waste Lands

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, for incorporating the Makers of Knives, and other Cutlery Wares, in Hallamftjire, in the County of York,was read: And,

Mr. William Wragg, a Filesmith, and Freeman of the Corporation of Curlers in Hallamshire, being examined, said, That the fai.d Act hath been found to be of great Benefit to the Trade in general; but that Difficulties have of late Years arisen in putting the same in force against" Persons acting contrary ao the Provisions therein contained.

And being atked, What appears to him to have been the Cause of thtffe Difficulties? He replied, By

Northumberland Fishery Society Bill,' with Amendments.

The Lords have passed Burley Tythes Bill.

in the Townships of Globwlch and Bachau, in the said the acting Officers of the Corporation refusing to pu-County j without any Amendment: And also, nish Offenders, after due Application having been

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An made to them for that Purpose; that there are various; Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and Offences at this Time openly committed, particularly their Successors, by the Name and Style of The Nor- by the said Officers permitting Persons to take Ap-thumberland Fishery Society, and to enable them, when prentices contrary to' the Directions of the said Act,

incorporated, to subscribe a Capital Joint Stock, for and that Journeymen, contrary to former Practice, are more effectually supporting, conducting, and increas- prevented from taking Apprentices. — And he added; ing such Firtiery; with some Amendments j to which That the Act in general wants further Explanation and Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Amendment.

House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An for establifiling, confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement between the Reverend John Lowth, Vicar of the Parish of Burley on the Hill, in the County of Rutland, and the' Right honourable George Earl of Winchiljea and Nottingham, and thereby

Mr. Arthur Jowitt being examined, confirmed th» foregoing Evidence; and added, That the excessive Number of Apprentices has been the Means of throwing the Journeymen out of Employ, to the great Injury of their Families, and Prejudice to the Parish to which they belong.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Webb's Estate Bill.

settling all Disputes and Differences which have arisen explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-first in Consequence of a Claim of Tythes made by the Year of the Reign of his Majesty King the First,

laid Vicar; to which the Lords desire the Concur- *' J " r . ’ ~

rence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

intituled, "An Act for the good Order and Government of the Makers of Knifes, Sickles, Sheers, Scissors, and other Cutlery Wares, in Hallamshire,

" in the County of York, and the Parts near adjoining And that Mr. Burges and Mr. Wilberforce do

Burley Tythes Bill read*

effectuating the Sale of the Freehold Estate of Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, and Harriet Ellen, his Wife, an Infant, at Boreham, in the County of Essex to which prepare, and bring in, the fame, the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to for establishing, confirming, and carrying into Execu- Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend tien, certain Articles of Agreement between the Re- their Service in the House immediately, verend John Lowth, Vicar of the Parish of Burley on And he went accordingly; and returned. the Hill, in the County o/ Rutland', and the Right ho- That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

nourable George Earl of Winchiljea and Nottingham, House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and thereby settling all Disputes and Differences which and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers, have arisen in Consequence of a Clairti of Tythes And he went accordingly; and returned.

made by the said Vicar, was read the First Time. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-

Thorpe Inclo-sure Bill committed*

dividing and inclosing several Open

Halhunihire Cutlers Petition reported.

A Bill for Fields and Stinted Thorpe, in the Parish of Burnj in the West Riding of the County of York’, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lifter, Nix. Weddell, &c.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Burges do make the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the Freemen of the Corporation of Cutlers, in the Lord-

Trial of Mr. Halting*.

bers of this House in Westminst Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there1.

Pastures within the Township of if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend

" their Service in the'House immediately; and; if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he wenj accordingly.

And being returned, he repotted. That there was ho Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called overt and they went to the Places in

ship and Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, Westminster Hall appointed for them.

established by an Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, was referred.

Mr. Burges accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had, examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. XLIV.

Then the House resolved. itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be p’referit at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

5 ' An

Bill for mile* ing Streets from Fleet Street to Tem* pie Street, &c. passed.

Committee on Bakers Company Bill*

St. Chad’s Church Bill passed.

Lords Amendments to Northumberland Filbery Society Bill agreed to.

An ingrossed Bill for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to Temple Street,in the City of London, and also a public Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane, and for (topping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and setting out others, near to, or communicating with, such new Street and Passage, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to Temple Street, rn the City of London, and also a public Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane, and for flopping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and setting out others, near to, or communicating with, such new Street and Passage.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Powers, and limiting the Jurisdiction, of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a BaJcer, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize " thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Newnbam took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Newnbam reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of , and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making Convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do carry the Bill to the Loads, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name and Style of The Northumberland Fishery , and to enable

them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Capital Joint Stock, for more effectually supporting, conducting, and increasing such Fishery.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Pr. 20. 1. 35. After * appointed " insert And, " in order to remove all Doubts " from the Minds of the Public " in regard to the Amount of the " actual Capital Stock of the said " Society, Be it further. Enacted «« by the Authority aforesaid, That «« Six Weeks Notice previous to M the Holding the last General " Quarterly Meeting in every

" Year shall be given in the " London Gazette, figr.ed by the " Governor for the Time being " of the said Society, requiring " all those who have any Demands or Claims upon the said " Society (if any such Should " happen to be) to deliver in " an Account of the fame, in or- der that such Demands and Claims may be forthwith discharged and satisfied.

" And be it further Enacted, ' " That within Six Weeks after the Holding of such last Ge- neral Quarterly Meeting, in every Year, the actual Amount " of the Capital Stock of the said Society shall bd published and declared in the said London Gazettee, signed by the Governor " and Auditors of the Accounts " of the said Society."

Pr. 27. 1. 19. Leave out from " Capital Stock" to And," in Pr. 28. 1. 34.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White ftidley do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceeding on the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, from the 12th Day of this Instant May-, and to report what they find therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to be the Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment againflthe said Warren Hajlings, Esquire, be the said Committee.

1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the Reasons for the Increase of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, from the 24th of December 1787 to the 24th of December 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men borne and muf-tered in His Majesty’s Navy, from the 24th of December 1787 to the 24th of December 1788.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the P'urpose of establishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivor-ships}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 5th Day of June next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be take’n into further Confiaeration Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the OVupers and Occupiers of the River of It chin, and of the Merchants, Traders, Inhabitants, and others, of, in, and about the City of Winchqfter, in the County of Southampton, and of fe-2 veral

Committee appointed to inspect the Lords Journals in relation to Mr. His-tings's Trial,

State of Rca-fons for In-cre'afe of Navy Debt> ordered.

Account of Seamen borne and muttered, ordered.

Westmforter

Society BHl deferred. "

Poor Relief Bill deferred.

Petition from Owners of the River ftchin, and Inhabi* tanta of Winchester, again it

Andevor Canal Bill, prefen ted.

The Lords will proceed To*morrow on Mr. Kfcftiagt't Trial.

Petition from Owners of the Kiver Itchin, and Inhabitants of Winchester, again!! Andevor Canal Bill, read.

Colcftiill Roads Bill reported, and recommitted.

2 70 Mali.

veral of the Owners and Occypiers of Lands through which a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of Andevor, in the said County, to or near,

in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County, rs intended to pass, was presented to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded os to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Ha flings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Petition of the Owners arid Occupiers of the River of Itchin, and of the Merchants, Traders, Inhabitants, and others, of, in, and about the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, and of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands through-which a Navigable Canal, from or near the Borough of Andevor, in the said County, to or near y

in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County, is intended to pass, was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or neat the Borough of Andevor, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County; and Setting forth.

That the River It com,made Navigable from the Sea

to Winchester, is of great Benefit and Advantage to the said City, as also to the Country round about, by the cheap and safe Carriage of all Goods and Merchandizes to and from the said City, whereby all the forrOunding Neighbourhood are supplied with Coals, and other Necessaries, at very cheap and easy Rates, and that the Reduction of Trade on the Itchin, which will ensue on the Completion of another Canal, so near and interfering so much with it, will irreparably injure the just Rights of the Proprietors, and enhance the Prices of all Commodities consumed within the Influence of the said Navigation; and that the Estates and Property of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of Wherwell, Chilbolton, Leckford, King's

Sumberne, Mitcbelmerjb, and Stockbridge, and particularly the Mills and Meadows of the Petitioners, will be very much injured by the Streams and Springs, which now supply the fame, being partly taken away for the said intended Canal: And therefore praying.

That no Bill may pass to the Detriment of the said Navigation of the River Itchin, or the Prejudice of such of the Petitioners as are Landholders, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, to make out the Allegations of this their Petition, and to offer what other Reasons they may have against the same passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms of Three Acts, made in the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Coles-bill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same - to be true-; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read che Report in his Place; and afterwards

4*7

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said' Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the Debtors confiried in the Castle of Norwich Norwich, in and for the County of , was pre- ^for,peti*

fenced to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SupI>ljr* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

jgfty . Acedonm, &c.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between His Treaty wi«b Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse signed at HefleCaffel;

Cassel, the 28 th of September 1787, and Transtation, which were presented to the House upon the 29th Day of November 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Ex- Extmordina-pences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right *h* honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s mjr* Forces, from the 25th of December 1787 to the 24th of December 1788, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of several Acts, ^"Jle<lUoc passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising certain Sums of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Money Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exche- toMr'Cottwl# quer, out of His Majesty’s CiviV Lift Revenues, to reimburse him the Sum of f. 2,000,paid by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and to pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to D% Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, and to pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money Issued to B*. Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills, See. drawn upon the Commissioners of the Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia; Earl of Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands; and Thomas Esquire*

Governor of New Brunswick, for Fees on Grants of Lands, and other Expences (in settling the Loyalists,

&c.) in the respective Governments, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to D*. Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to ctifcharge Two Bills, drawn from the Cape of Good Hope by Andrew Milhr, Commissary to the Settle* ment at New South Wales, for victualling the Detachment of Cotvvufts, and other Services, be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered,

Sums necessary for Payment ol Oriki $ for Relief to American and Eid Floiida Surt'erers.

Address

Money.

Money issued to Mr. Bradley for maintaining, &c. Convicts at PI)- mouth.

To Mr. Camp-bed for D° on the Thames.

To Clerk of

Commissioners appointed to enquiic into Pees of Offices,

To Secretary of Commilhooers for regulating the Shipping of Slaves.

To D of Crown Lairds.

To D# of Enft Florida Claim*,

To D° of American Loj aliiU.

Etlimare of Nova Scotia.

New Bruns-wi;k.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing the Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, «« An Act for giving " Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their " Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dificntions in America, in Consequence of their " Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the " British Government, and for making Compensation

to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties " in Consequence of the Cdfion of the Province of " East Florida to the King of Spain" for the Year 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addrefies of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoze,at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confin-

ing, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River ‘Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made. That the Account of the Monies which have beon issued to Mr, James Mouatt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and Contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee; '

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House the making such Provision for re-paying the said Monies, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, *« An Act to regulate, " for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels, from the Coast of be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Eorefts, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have fuflered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift of January 1789 to the 1 ft of January 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of

New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June

1789 to the 24th of June 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of John, in America, from the ift of January 1789 to the rft of January 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establilfiment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of 1789 to the 24th of June 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, Thar the Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the ill: of April 1789 to the ift of April 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January 1789 to the tfto {Janua 1790, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the u Chief Justice of the Bermuda of Somers Islands, from " the 24th 0 {June 1789 to the 24th of June 1790," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the " Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the ift " of January 1789 to the ift of January 1790," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1788 to the 10th of 1789, be referred

to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Commirtee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 5th Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 5th Day of June next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the' African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee,

That

St. John’s Island.

Cape Bretcn.

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

Islands.

Bermuda

Islands.

Dominica,

New South Wales.

Ways and

Means dc? ferrod.

Committee oi Slave Trade,

Com Regulation re-committrd Bill reported.

Chelmsford Paving Bill reported*

270 — 28° Mali.

4 *9

That they had further examined the same Witness who had been before examined by the Counsel who appeared in Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of , and of the several other Petitions from the Town of and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Governor Barnes) do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

be

C mniitfp on Rme s r ttaic Bill to fit To-moiroNV.

Jovis, 28° Maii \

Ordered, That the Billi with the Amendments, ingossed. .: .

i.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Real Estates late of Francis Bine, of the Town and County of the Town upon-

Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trullees, to fell and-convey the fame, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, is committed, have Leave to fit and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. 1

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Bill r®r pre-House, according to Order, a Bill for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was receivedi and read the First Time. v<

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time, .

vent* fjroying Ship* &c. in Swut-laiul, presented

Anno 29* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1789. Prayers.

Mr. Pelham reported frorp the Committee, Dunfton and

to whom the Bill for dividing and ipclosing the Open Common Fen and Ings in the ParUhr of in r>iam*ge Bill

the County of and for draining and improv-j r«pon«J.

ing the fame, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in>.

MR. Bramston reported from the Committee, to the said Parish, and in the Parish oi Metheringham, in-whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, the said County, was committed; That the Committee^ made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His had examined the Alfeg?li°!ns of the Bill, and, found present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regu- the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned lating and ascertaining the Importation and Expor- had given their Corrfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction " tation of Corn and Grain within several Ports and of the Committee* and that the Comrrjjttee had gan?

through the Bill, and made . several Amendment^ thereunto, which they hacj directed hi'm.to report to‘ the H6ufe; and he read the Report in his , Plac?j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; ^nd rhen a Second Time, Orte by1 One; and, upon the Question fevetaHy put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hbufe. ! ‘‘ 1 r

Ordered, That the' Bill, yith the Aihendrpencs, be'.

Places therein mentioned," was re-committed; That, the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Ti.me upon ’Tuesday Sevennight, the 9th Day of June next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

ingossed.

A Bill for incorporating and wcH goverhing the 'Humane London Humane Society, was read a Second Time1. Society Bill Kejotved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William -eomm, Me Dolben, Mr. Alderman Newnham, flee.: And they are ‘ to meet this Afternobfi, at Five of, thb Clock', in the’

l_v;

'... il.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the Footways of the several Speaker’s'Chamber.

Streets, public Passages, and Places within the Town of Chelmsford, and Hamlet of Moulsham, in the Parish: That this House-will, at the Rising of tttby House relolres

of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, for cleansing, House this Day, adjourn' tiH To-diOrfow Sevennight;'1,0 adiourn «> lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet, the ^th'Day of Jtnte'ntxii' c

and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoy- ' 1

ances, and Encroachments therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Inhabitants, of that Part of the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, of which the Foot-paths are intended to be paved, by a Bill now before the House, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition,

Ordered, That thVSerjeafit dt Aattending this?: Trial of Mi. House, db go, with the7Mace, J,irito'4he Lobby, aii<l'7 Places adjacent, and rfrePassages Teadin’gtd West min-'

IL and summdn; the Members mere' to Attend'1

ft __________ ______

their Service in the House immediately.' . *’

And he;went accordingly; and returned. '

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this1’ and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, the same to be true; and that the Committee had and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers, gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments And he went accordingly; and returned. ’ ' v

thereunto, which they had directed him to report to Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this / the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and House, do go into the Places appointed for the Menh-; afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,: bers of this House ih //<j//;’iand deal the-

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments' same of all Strangers, and summon the Members’ were Once read throughout; and then a Second there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto;'to Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally attend their Service in the House immediately ;’and, v put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Pal- '

Vol. XLIV. 5 R iages,

t

430 28° M 1789.

Bury and Haslingden Jtoads Bill presented.

Webb’» Estate Bill read.

sages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Hqftings, Esquire,

were called over* and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be prefen t at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Hajlingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjbutt Bridge, in the Town of Wballey, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmerden, all in the County Palatine of

Lancaster: And the some was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating the Sale of the Freehold Estate of Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, and Harriet Ellen, his Wife, ah Infant, ^t Bore ham, in the County o was read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in tha County of Middlesex, and of several of the Inhabitants within the same Pariftt; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, being Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Alts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, and also to continue and render

more effectual an Act, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gare-house and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at IJUngton, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Act, and for making a Road from the said new Road near Queen's Row to Bagnigge Wash, and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads, on Behalf of themselves,

' and other the Trustees named in or by virtue of the said Act, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered, the first-mentioned Petition, and had heard Counsel in Support of the fecohd-mentioned Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

reported.

Biker* Com- Mr. Alderman Newnbam,according to Order, re-

pany Bill ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ascertaining the Powers, and limiting the Jurisdiction, of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Bufinelsof a Baker, and for amending an Ail, pa fled in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Per- fons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," >rw4^. committed,',the Amendmepts which the Committee had made to the Billy and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleek’s Table: Where the Amendments were Oqce read throughout; and then a Second Time^ One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the f^ouse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

St. Pancras Paring Bill reported.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving; lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the Streets, and other public Places, within such Part of die Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the North and South Sides of the New Road leading from Paddington to IJUngton, called Sommers Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year BUI *0‘mend of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, lt An i^ing^he'00* " Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the Cultivation of " better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, and

_ . ' . 9 read a Second

Shrubs, was read a Second Time. Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill be committed;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lord*

Walker will Pr<ic*ed

w r. 1 presentljr

Mr. Speaker, on Mr. iw-

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Trial. House, That their Lordships are ready to proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, -

presently, in Westminster Hall. *

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and,

4 if'

43i

if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages> who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajiings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual} and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

BUI to amend 'i'hen the Question being put, That the Bill to wginjgtbe00" arner)d an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign Cultivation of of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for en-

Treea, &c. J

committed.

The Lords fcave agreed to Walker;

Mr. Speaker,

Ha fling Pav- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Ing Bill. Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways; within the Parish of , in the Town and

Port of Hajling, in the County of and for re-

moving and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, within the said Town and Port; without any Amendment: And also,

TWrpovtey The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Road Bill. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from I'aiporley, in the County Palatine of to

Act on Bridge, near Wea, in the same County j

without any Amendment; And also.

South Kil- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bws'bul*0* Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Parish of South Kih in the County of ter; without any Amendment: And also,

Mailing Heath The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, /^.n Road, Bill. ^ft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wents, near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

couraging the Cultivation, and for the better Pre- servation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs," be committed; .

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Mainwaring,

Tellers for the Yeas, - Mr. Attorney Gene'

'" for *' Noes,: 'The

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Se-

vennight, the 9th Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this tv Lord* House, That their Lordships will proceed further in,

the Trial of Warren Hajiings, Esquire, on Wednesday junr'on°Mr° the 10th Day of June next, at Ten of the Clock in the Hailing,- Morning, in Westminster Hall. Tnil>

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Acmnit*of count of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs,

Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th of cii’e/slamp.J

April 1787 and the 5th of April 1788, and between *n<* Incident*,

the jth of April 1788 and the 5th of April 1789s t°b4pni,ud'

and also, of the Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer, between the 5th of April 1788

agd the 5th of April 1789, on Account of the Duties

arising from Stamps; and also, of the Account of the

Total Net Produce of the Duties of Excise, distin-

guishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every fe- . *

parate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to

£. 1,000, or upwards, between the 5th of April

1788 and the cth of April 1789, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the

House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Andcvor c»-Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a com’

Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of Andevor, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County;

And the House being informed, that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon t^e 8th Day of this Instant May, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill s

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fel-

lowes, Mr. Letbieullier, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John FRngeston, Esquire, and John Petition of Matthew Grimwood, of Lincoln's Inn, Esquire, was pre-Tented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the wood against said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are l>* Bill. Trustees of the Estates of Christopher , Esquire,

and John RawlinJon, M. D. and of the Infant Son of the said John RawlinJon, and as such Lords of the Manor of Upper Clatjord, in the County of Southampton, and Part of the said Estates consist of Three valuable Mills in the Parishes of Andevor and Upper Clatjord, and? of several extensive Meadows and other Lands in the Neighbourhood through which the said Canal is proposed to be made, containing upwards of a,oooo Acres; and-that there are several Parts of the said Bill which, if passed into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend will very materially injure the said Estates, and the said Canal will not, as the Petitioners are informed, be of any Public Utility: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to the said Estates, and may have such Relief as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come tq the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr.

S

28° M

A. 1789.

Report Sup-p‘y.

Extraordina-rics of the Army.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

by John Parr, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia , Earl of Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama

1 (lands; and Thomai Carleton Esquire, Governor of

New Brunswick, and the Fees and Charges attending

the Receipt thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand and Seventy-five Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny, be

New South Wales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum

Heffan

Subsidy.

Exchequer Bills.

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety eight thousand Seven hundred Sixty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day of December 1787 to the 24th Day of December 1788, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand and Ninety-three Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Subsidy which will be due to the Landgrave of Cassel, for the Year 1789, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain

East Florida Sufferers.

issued to "Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of H is Majesty’s Treasury, by Andrew , Esquire,

Commissary to the Settlement at New South and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, American and That the Sum of Three hundred and Thirteen thousand Six hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal, and the Interest thereon, as shall become due on or before the 10th of October 1789, on all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Diflfentions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East

Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for Florida to the King of Spain.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand

Exchequer Bills.

Commissionert for America* Claims.

the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight,", and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Millions be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex-ft chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hun-

AiMrefl

Money.

Three hundred and Seventy Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand One hundred and Eighty Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in the Harbour of Hamoze, at Plymouth.

Mr, Bradtey for Convicts at Plymouth.

Mr. Campbell

America*

Sufferers.

Governor of Nova Scotia, &c.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dred and Eleven Pounds and Six Pence, be granted Thac a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Four f"rD«on the to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to hundred and Seventeen Pounds Thirteen Shillings ame'*

" and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, clerk of That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and Sixty- Commissionen one Pounds and One Shilling, be granted to His Ma-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been if- F«esofoffi«». That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one thousand Five sued to Mr. James Mouatt, Chief Clerk in the Office hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings, be of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, re-issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the ceived in several Public Offices, on Account of Sala-Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, rics to Clerks, and Contingent Expences in their Offor defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof.

Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, and paid by him, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof.

fice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commis- of siavei

Secretary of* Com miff oner* for regulating the Shipping

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, sioners appointed in pursuance of an Act, made in the

L _ — L' . __ — A. _ 1 _ _ 4 J~VX _ . 1 J _ rT"'_A. L. - . I 1 I. Vik A I J LJ rt m I a M M Ala I f C A A Xi. A. a m m

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred and Eighty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills, drawn upon the Commissioners of the Treasury, be granted to His Majesty,

5

last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of

" Africa."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds,

to make good the like Sum,

Commissioners of Crown Lands.

Secretary of Commissnner* ot Enft Florida Clai m a.

B° of American Lbyalifts.

Nova Scotia.

N^w Brunswick.

St. John's klkind.

Cape Breton*

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

islands*

Bermuda

Islands.

Dominica.

New South Wales*

Sum, which has been issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty* to make good the like Sum* which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the CefTion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain*

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Two hundred and Eighteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift Day of January 1789 to the 1 ft Day of January 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Four hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New BrunJwick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day of June 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

3'hat a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hun-red Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the ift Day of January 1789 to the ift Day of January 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day of June 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Ten Shillings* be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the ift Day of April 1789 to the ift Day of April 1790.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of supporting the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift Day of January 1789 to the ift Day of January 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1789 to the 24th Day of June 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the ift Day of Janua 1789 to the ift Day of January 1790.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hundred and Seventy.seven Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of V-ct. XLIV,

the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1788 to the 10th Day of October 1789.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself' into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee* That they had examined another Witness in Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of Liverpool, and of the several other Petitions from the Town of Liverpool-, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till aftetf One of the Clock oh Friday Morning; »

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, the 5th Day of June next, resolve itfrlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee Yesterday (except Governor Miles) do attend the said Committee upon this Day Sevennight, the 5th Day of June next.

Mr. Wilberforce presented" to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the " good Order and Government of the Makers of *« Knives, Sickles, Sheers, Scissors, and other Cutlery " Wares, in Hallam/hire, in the County of York, and the Parts near adjoiningAnd the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing the Healing or destroying of Conies in Trails or Quantities of Ground used for the keeping and breeding thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor was committed } be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

j S Ordered,

Committee on Slave Trade.

HaliaurfMre Cutlers Rill presented.

Bill for preventing the (settling of Conies presented.

Report from Committee on Poor Relief Bill considered.

pebtert Dill reported*

House *c-quainted that Mr. Speaker'! Seat wa* become meant*

Kinp direct the House to

ehoof'e a new Speaker.

454 28° Mali. — 50 — 8° Junii. A. 1789.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors, was committed.

Sir William Dclben accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ConOderation upon Thursday Sevcnnight, the i ith Day

of June next*

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, the 5th Day of June next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Leave to this House to proceed to the Choice of a new Speaker; and, that it is His Majesty’s Pleasure that this House Should present their Speaker on next, .

at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House of Peers, for His Royal Approbation.

And then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (addressing himself to the Clerk, who, (landing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) moved, That the House do now adjourn till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

The Clerk, by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce> 8° die yunii;

Anno 29® Georgii III*1 Regis, 1789.

V1 eneris, 50 die Junii;

Anno 29* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1789.

THE House being met, the Clerk at the Table acquainted the House, That he had, this Morning, received a Letter from Mr. Speaker, which he read to the House; and is as followeth j viz.

Whitehall, June 5th 1789.

Sir,

His Majesty having been graciously pleased to appoint me to the Office of One of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, my Seat in Parliament is thereby become vacant. As this Circumstance necessarily prevents me from any further Attendance on the Duties of that Situation to which the Favour of the House of Commons had called me, I must request you to communicate it to them at their Meeting this Day: And I must, at the same Time, intreat the Permission of the House to avail myself of this Opportunity of expref-sing to them my warmest Acknowledgments for their great Goodness and Indulgence towards me, and of alluring them of those invariable Sentiments of Re-speft, Gratitude, and Duty, which, will ever bind me to their Service.

I have the Honour to be.

With great Truth and Regard,

Sir,

Your most faithful

And obedient humble Servant,

W. W.

John Hatjell, Esquire.

After which, and before any Member spoke, the Mace was brought into the House by the Serjeant, and laid under the Table.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That His Majesty having taken Notice that the Seat in Parliament of the Right honourable William Wyndham Grenville, late Speaker of this House, was become vacant by his Acceptance of the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, had commanded him to say. That, in order that there may be no Delay in Public Business, His Majesty gives

MR. Serjeant came, and brought the Mace, and Mr. Adding-laid it under the Table. ton c£ofe"

Then the Marquis of Graham (addressing himself to the Clerk, who, (landing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) took Notice of the Information which ' the House received on Friday last, that the Seat in Parliament of the Right honourable William Wyndham Grenville, late Speaker of this House, was become vacant by his Acceptance of the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State; and that there might be no Delay in Public Business, the House had been informed, that His Majesty gave Leave to this House to proceed to the Choice of a new Speaker, and thereupon proposed to the House for their Speaker Henry Addington, Esquire; in which Motion he was fe-conded by Thomas Grosvenor, Esquire.

Then Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, was proposed by the Right honourable Welbote Ellis,who wasseconded

by the Right honourable Frederick Montagu.

And thereupon the said Mr. Addington and the said Sir Gilbert Elliot respectively addressed themselves to the House.

And after a Debate in relation to both' the said Persons, the Question was put by the Clerk, That Henry Addington, Esquire, do take the Chair of this House as Speaker.

The Clerk declared the Yeas had it.

The House was divided:

The Yeas on the Right Hand,

The Noes on the Left.

The Tellers were appointed by the Clerk;

For the Yeas,

Mr. Robert Smith - - - 215.

For the Noes,

Mr. Grey - 14a.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Whereupon the said Mr. Addington was conduced to the Chair by the said Marquis of Graham and Mr.

Grosvenor~, where, (landing upon the Upper Step of the Chair, he returned his most humble and grateful Acknowledgments to the House for the high Honour they had been pleased to confer upon him; but as the Considerations which arose from a Sense of his own Imperfections, and which he had before submitted to the House, had not (b far weighed with the House as to prevent them from making him the Object of their Choice, he hoped to receive their Permission to state them in another Place.

But the Members cried No, No.

8 And

Mr. Speaker approved of by the King.

Buck* Writ*

8° — 96

4S5

And then he fat down in the Chair; and the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid, by the Serjeant, upon the Table.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer taking Notice, That His Majesty’s Pleasure had been signified to the House, on Friday last, that the House should present their Speaker Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House of Peers, for His Royal Approbation, moved to adjourn till Tomorrow Morning,. Ten of the Clock.

Then Mr. Speaker Elect put the Question for adjourning the House until Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock; which being agreed to, the House was adjourned accordingly.; and Mr. Speaker Elect went away, without the Mace before him.

Martis, 90 Junii;

Anno 29® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Call of Call deferred, the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 23d Day of this lristant June.

A

Rod;

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker Elect, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers; where Mr. Speaker Elect Was presented to His Majesty for His Royal Approbation.: And.

Then the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, after receiving Directions' from His Majesty* signified His Majesty’s Approbation of Mr. Speaker Elect.

The House being returned.;. -....._.\.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to approve the Choice they had made of him to be their Speaker.

And then Mr. Speaker repeated his respectful Acknowledgments to the'House, and expressed his Hope, that, by an upright and impartial Discharge of his Duty, he might prove himself not altogether unworthy of the Honour they had conferred upon him, and which he Should ever ednfider as the most distinguished of his Life. He ihtreated the Assistance of the House in the Support of their own Authority; and allured the House that it Should be his earnest and uniform Endeavour to preserve their Forms inviolate, to guard their Rights Arid Privileges from the slightest Degree of Innovation, and by the Maintenance of Order, Regularity, and Decorum, to ensure Ease, Dispatch, and Dignity to all their Proceedings.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bucks, in the room of the Right honourable William Grenville, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty ’s Principal Secretaries of State.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, in-spettor General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, -

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce of every fepatate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to f. 1,000-, or upwards, between the 5th of April 1788 and the 5th of April 1789: And alto.

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that arrived in the British West India Islands, from the Coast of Africa, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Entry,'the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Grain, Beef, Pork, Fish, and other Articles of Provisions, imported into the British West India Islands, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787; distinguishing each Year, and each Species of Provisions, and the particular Istand into which imported;

And then he-withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said # %

Accounts b.e printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the first of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Two last of the said Accounts be -referred to the Committee, of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the AfricanSlave Trade.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of Monies which have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, towards defraying the Expence attending the Works carrying on at Carleton House, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of Monies which have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Civil List Revenues, to the Marquis o now Duke

of Leeds, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty’s Secret Service Abroad, with the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are at followeth; viz.

Accounts

presented*

Produce of Customs*

Ship* ah-ived in the West Indies from Africa.

Provisions imported into the West Indies*

Accounts prefer, ted.

Money issued for the Works at Carleton House*

To the Marquis of Carmarthen, for Secret Service*

An


1C. -' * "

Accounts

prefen ted.

Increase of Navy Debt.

436 9" Junii. A, 1789.

An ACCOUNT of Monies which have been paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to His Royal Highness the Prince of , towards defraying the

Expence attending the Works carrying on at Carleton House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

1788. 1-

September 5th. — — — — 10,000

1789. 1

May ift. — . - — — , 15,000

29th. — — — - 10,200

I- 35.200

Treasury Chambers,

9th June 1789.

Thos Steele. \

An ACCOUNT of Monies which have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Civil List Revenues, to the Marquis of Carmarthen, now Duke of , One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty’s Secret Service Abroad, with the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

1788. s. d.

June 6th. - 91,000 ——

To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt — 4,669 16 —

95,669 16 —

August 1 ft. — — — — £. 45,000 — r —

To pay Fees, &c. — — 1,310 18 —

----- ----'--- 47>3iq 18

November 7th. — — £. 46,000 — —

To pay Fees, Sec. — . — 2,361 19 —

----- ----- ----- 48,361 19 ~

£. 191,342 13 —

Treasury Chambers,

9th June 1789.

Tho‘ Steele.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines Seamenand Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, between the ift of January and the 31st of December 1788, upon Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for executing a Medium of each Month , distinguishing the Seamen the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, from the Marines, and what Number of each were presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, borne, and what mustered, in the Service.

An Account, shewing the Increase of the Debt of And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

His Majesty’s Navy, on the 31st December 1788, with The said Accounts are as followeth} the Reasons for the said Increase: And also,

4 Navy

Navy Office, 19th Af<*y 1789.

An ACCOUNT* shewing the Increase of the Debt of rfis Majesty’s Navy, on the 31st December 1788, with the Reasons for the said Increase: Prepared pursuant to a Precept from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 17th May 1789;

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1788 — —

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1787, as presented to Parliament

4,216/651 14 5§ 1,892,650 1 6

Shews the Debt of the Navy, on the 31st December 1788, to be increased - £.

324,001 12 10

REASONS for the said INCREASE.

On Account of the N A V Y.

Interest incurred on Navy Bills ——

Charge of Transports, including those lent to Botany Bay — —

For Wear and Tear and Wages of 1,740 Men borne more than voted by Parliament, which, at £. 2. 17 j. per Man per Month, amounts

Paid, the Paymaster of the Widows Pensions, to enable him to pay the Widows depending on that Charity their full Pension — —

E^pence of Wainscot Work and Fixtures for the new Navy and Navy Pay Office, paid by Admiralty Orders, of the 29th November 1787 and 2d June 1788 — > — — —

Expence of repairing The Princess Amelia for a Lazarette, to lay at Standgate Creek j and also for fitting and supplying with Stores the King's Ships, appointed for the Reception of the Convicts at Portsmouth and Langfton Harbours — — — *

For the Purchase of Petersburgh and Riga Hemp, to increase the Store beyond the usual Quantity (with the Approbation of the Admiralty) which has been received and paid for in this Year, and is the Occasion of the further Increase of — — —

VICTUALLING,

As per Account, received from those Commissioners» vitef.

Expence of victualling Land Forces — — —

The Number of Men muttered, between the ift January and 31st December 1788 exceeds the Number voted 102 Men for One Year, which, at 19;. a Man a Month, is — — —

Extra Freights ——

Additional Allowance of Vinegar — — —

Interest paid and incurred on Bills — — —

Amount of Bills made out to Pursers on the Balance of their Victualling Accounts, which terminated in preceding Years, and not included in any former Debt, in regard it could not be known until their Accounts were made up, whether they were Debtors or Cre-

Amount of Bills made out for Provisions delivered on or before the 31st December 1787, received and numbered since, and were not included in the Estimate of the Debt for that Time, the Accounts of which not coming to Hand until the Year 1788 — —

The high Prices paid for Provisions, Discount on Bills, together with the Waste and Decay of Provisions, may be presumed to be Reasons for the remaining Sum of ——

To be accounted for by the

Nary. Victualling.

£. 249,993 18 74,007 14

£. s. d.

22,586 15 8

44>958 16 5

64,467

14,120 — —

*395 6 11

4,768 9 6

90,697 9 7

a49»993 18 *

1 3*4*7 *5 6*

— — 1,259 14 —

— 1,479 *6 —

— — 2,925

10,818 12 2

— - 18*765 7 IQ

— — 15,627 l8 2

— — 19*7*3 *1 1

c 74,007 I4 9}

Cha* Middleton. J. H Geo. Marsh,

Geo. Rogers.

E. Le Cras. Sam1 Wallis.

Vol. XUV.

5 T

Navy

43?

A. 1789

Supply deferred.

Way*, an 1 Mf ins deferred.

AT. inn Company':, Peii-imn.

90jfpnii.

Navy Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen a,nd Marines employed in the Service 29th May 1789. 3 of the Royal Navy, between the ift of and the 31st of December 1788, upon a

Medium of each Month; distinguillung the Seamen from the Marines, and whar Number of each were borne, and what mustered in the Service: Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 27th May 1789.

S E A 1 MEN. MARINES.

MONTHS. Mustered for Mustered for

Borne for Wages. Victuals. Borne for Wages. Victuals.

far,nary — * — 18,191 18,150 3.838 8,245

February — — 16,589 16,593 3.815 2,1 l8

March — — — i6,o;o 16,161 3.822 2,070

April — — . — — 15,044 15,224 3.813 2,080

May — «-r- — 15,287 15.^33 3.786 2,137

Ju>:e — . — — IS>47° 15.297 3.789 2,147

July _ - - 15*557 15,210 3.>48 . 2,l8o

August — — — 15.227 3.738 3,194

September — — Obicber — — _ _ 15,681 . t?>°59 XU 3.727 3.74i" 2,l6l . 2,186

November — — — 16.13? 16,52 2 3.750 2,123

December — — — - >5»87*: 16,187 c 3.75? 2,241. ‘ j

191,572 r 1 ’ I9i*357 45.318 .25,882

Upon i Medium — .15.964 15*946 3.776; 2,^6 '

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon, the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

- v

Resolved, That this Hotrie will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of1 the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s, Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty,'1 having been informed of the Contents of the said Pc-‘* tition, recommends it 10 the Consideration of* the -House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Money granted for the' Year 1787, examined and passed by the Curfitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa," and that they have inverted the Money, granted in 1788, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the Forts having been originally ill-courtrufted, and composed of the very worst Materials, were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition.by the Royal African Company, and the Sums Annually

granted by Parliament being nearly expended in; the Maintenance and |?ay of the several Garrifpns, and in the necessary Contingent Charges thereof leaving very little for the Purpose of Repairs, insomuch that most of them had fallen into Decay: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvement, and Extension of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the Briti Forts and Settlements on that Coast, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Seim as may be sufficient for the effectual Support and Maintenance of the said Forts, for such Presents as may be proper to secure the Friendship of the''Natives ;of the Country, and liketoife for the Repairs still wanted, as to the Hoofe shall fcem meet.' '

Ordered, That the said Pctmbh ^to’lie upop the Ta-

Jble: " V '*« v-: -f-o. .!

' ' ‘ ’ 1 > t* \ 11 1 ‘ I < t f *! V/ t < ' j;

r Ordered, That.’the Order* of thbT)ay, foi4 the Hdufe to resolve itself into a Cornrhittee-of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, an Act, made in the Sixth Yc»r of the Reigri of1 His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for " the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, Plants,

" and Shrubs,*’ be now tead'. ’ 1

And the said Order bring read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers;

Resolved,

Bill to amend Ail for encouraging the Cultivation of T rees, 5cc. deferred.

Pawnbroker* Bill deterred*

Corn Reru-Javcn Bill deUxred.

Westminster Society Bill ^deferred*

Bakers Company Bill passed.

Accounts relating to Hemp ami Flax presented.

Bramley In-cjolure Bill deferred.

' Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for further regulating and ascertaining the Impor-,

tation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within << several Ports and Places therein mentioned j"

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The W Society for grant-

ing Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Sur-vivorships.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Powers, and limiting the Jurisdiction, of the Matter, Wardens, and Aflittants of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish " Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or " Bread," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be, An Act for ascertaining the Powers, and limiting the Jurisdiction, of the Matter, Warden?, and Assistants of the Company of Bakers of the City of , for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George th6Second, jhtituled, " An Act for " the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price " and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall <c adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry

thp Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to be raised in that Part of Britain called England, and of the Monies directed to be issued to the Older of the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties therein mentioned, between the 9th Day of May 1788 and the 9th Day of May 1789: And also, .

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Sums allowed by " the Justices of the Peace for the within-mentioned ‘‘ Counties to the several Clerks of the Peace, for Buff lioefs done under the Acts for encouraging the *‘ Growth of Hemp and Flax, and paid by Order of " t;beL9rds Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury,

" between the 9th Day of May 1788 and the 9th Day " of May 1789."

nd the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the fai,d Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amqngft the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That th,e Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Town-

s.

Junii. 439

ship of Bramley, in the Parish of Leeds, and County of York, is committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend the several Acts, palT-d in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William tfye Third, the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Third, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the iaft Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness i-n Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of Liverpool, and of the several other Petitions from the Town of and that he

was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next", resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to* consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade. _ ,

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee upon Friday last (excepc Captain Knox) do aftend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten oif the Clock.

Mercurilj ro° t;

- 1

Anno ajf- Georgii HP" Regis, 1789.

Prayers. , . ’

AN irigrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fen and Ings in the Parish of Dunston, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the same, and also certain inclosed-Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Metheringham, in the said Capncy, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were feverslly proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. ,>

Pr. 2. 1. 21. After " certain" to ipfert. "Glebe " Lands, and also. to certain." Pr. 13. 1. 22. After " aforesaid " to insert " and , " also the Herbage of the said

" private Roads and Ways, and " of the Lands to; be allotted for " getting Materials for the Repair . " thereof."

Pr. 26. 1. 30. To leave out. from; Seals.’’ to . " and, " in 1. 31.

And the said Amendments were, upon the QuestibO

severally

K ishf* of Shir Flection Rill deferred.

Committee on Slave Trade*

Dunfton and

IVIfthcriiTg-him Inclosure and Dr*iti*go Bill passed*

Gem fa's Nit. Bill com* nutted.

South wold Harbour Bill reported.

Chelmsford Paving Bill passed.

Parker's and

Robbins's Effete Bill reported and passed.

io° Junii.

A. 1789.

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing; and inclosing the Open Common Fen and Ings in the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving certain Parts thereof, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Me-theringbatn, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopher was read a Second

Time.

Resolvei, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir William Young, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dudley North reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and making more effectual the Acts of Parliament for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true -, and thar the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qjief-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for paving the Footways of the several Streets, public Pillages, and Places, within the Town of Chelmsford, and Hamlet of in the

Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving the Footways of the several Streets, public Passages, and Places, within the Town of Chelmsford, and Hamlet of Moulsham, in the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Tenants for Life, and other Persons in Possession, or entitled to the Rents of the Estates comprized in certain Indentures of Settlement, One made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, with Ann his Wife, and the others made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid, Gentleman, with Mary his Wife, to grant Leases, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com-jnittce had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for more /effectually repairing several Roads Ledbury leading from Ledbury ,in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromejberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Comewall, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Hereford Three Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill, and Langua Bridge, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the said City of Hereford to Hoarwithy Passage, through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Comewall, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EtrfTylMj’k for veiling Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Earl Tybiey, in London, Middlesex, and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, and for Uying out the Money thence arising in other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Burton, Mr. Bramston, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burley Tythw for establishing, confirming, and carrying into Exe- ">>*-cution, certain Articles of Agreement between the Reverend John Lowth, Vicar of the Parish of Burley on the Hill, in the County of Rutland, and the Right honourable George Earl of Winchilfea and Nottingham, and thereby settling all Disputes and Differences which have arisen in Consequence of a Claim of Tythes made by the said Vicar, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

nell, Mr. Finch, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nonhey’« ef-Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of 10"-

Northey, Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees,

to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Heneagt, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned. *

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

House,

Bill to confirm ihe Inclosure of Idlicote Fields report*' cdL

The Lords will proceed presently on Mr. Halting* Trial-

Trial of Mr. Halting

io'

Jmii.

441

House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the fame

of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Watren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster //^// appointed for them.

.Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into -minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported

from the Committee, to whom the Bill to confirm an Inclosure heretofore made of certain Open Fields, in the Parish of Idlicote, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Bill is not within the Meaning of the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure, the same being only to make Compensation for the Tythes and Right of Common over certain Open Fields which were inclosed some Years ago; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ernes and Mr. Montagu:

'Mr. Speaker, -

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships are ready to proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, presently, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with th^ Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and' returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

Ana he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-Vol. XLIV.

bers of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go our, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called Over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Relief of Poor Relief the Poor, was read the Third Time. Bill

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing an Appeal.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 34. To leave out " from N° 5."

1. 40. To leave out from " N® 40" to " to," in Pr. 5. 1. 1.

Pr. 14. 1. 7. After " thereto" to insert "of a " Sum not less than Two Pence " per Week."

1. 13. After " than" to insert " the like Sum of."

I.20. To leave out from " considered" to " a Person," in 1. 22; and insert " to all Intents and Purposes " as " instead thereof.

1. 24. After " Place " to insert " as long " as he continues to be such Contributor as aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; £nd the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Relief of the Poor.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee os to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 3*11 "brolter* upon the Bill for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Thomas Stanley, according to Order, reported Bramley from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing B,u

5 U and

Sir John Inpilby’t Eiiate Bill reported, and pa fled*

Petition from Mr. Judd, and others, against Andcvoi Caual Bill.

and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Townflu’p of in the Pa-

rish of Leeds, and County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. 3J. 8 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors assessed at iw. 10 idper Annum, who were not applied to; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons intefefted in the Inclosure are assessed at J.9. 11 s.5 { d. per Annum, or thereabouts;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that the several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and Township of Bramley, in the West Riding of the County of York, who petitioned this House upon the 26th Day of May lad, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Report of the said Bill;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Value of thfc Rights of Common belonging to the Leeds Canal.

And the said Clause' was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, to charge his settled Estates in the County of York, in the Manner ‘ therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberfore do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of John Judd, and of several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Meadows through which a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough o drear, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County, is intended to pass, was pretented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and

maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of An dee or, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, John Judd, is the Owner and Occupier of a valuable Corn Mill, situated in the Parish of King's Sumborne, in the County of Southampton, near which the said Canal is intended to pass, and the said John Judd, and the rest of the Petitioners, are the Owners and Occupiers of several extensive Meadows, and other Lands, in the Neighbourhood through which the said Canal is intended to pass; and that the Petitioners apprehend there are several Parts of the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will, very materially injure the Estates of the Petitioners, and the said Canal will not be, as the Petitioners are informed, of any public Utility: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee of the House, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to the said Estates, and may have such Relief as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr Duncombepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Chapel Haddlejey, East Haddlejey, and Temple in

the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cold Kirkby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of about 6 Acres and 2 Roods, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 403 Acres 1 Rood and 13 Perches, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of Notion and Potterbanworth, in the County of , and

in the Parish of Branjlott, in the County of the City 8 of

Haddlrfey

Inclosure and Drainage Bill piciented.

Cold Kirkby Inclosure Bill reported.

King's Content to No&on and Pottcrhan^ worth, Sec. Drainage Bill.

Norton and Potterhan-^onh, &c* Drainage Bill passed.

Bath Streets, See Bill reported.

Bill for preventing destroying Ships Stc. in Scotland, committed.

of Lincoln; which Bill was, upon the -25th Day of

May last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fir.

And the said Bill (being ingrossed) was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of Notion and hanworth, in the County of , and in the Pa-

rish of Branston, in the County of the City of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Moyjey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of , from Injury by Encroachments and Annoyances, for enlarging or rebuilding the present Pump Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and Householders, of the Towns and Parishes of Bradford, Trowbridge, and

sham, in the County of Wilts, and Frejhford, in the County of Somerset , and also, the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees of the Bath Turnpike Roads, and of the Creditors of the Tolls arising from the several Turnpikes on the said Roads, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Creditors of the said several Turnpikes} and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in the Neighbourhood of the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, the Proprietors of Collieries in the several Parishes of Camerton, Timfbury, Paul ton, Rad/lock, Stratton, ton, Midsummer Norton, High Littleton, Clutton, Farm-borough, arid other Parishes, in the Neighbourhood Of the said City of Bath, and the several Persons interested in the Carriage of Coals from the said respective Collieries to the said City of Bath, and of divers other Persons who have frequent Occasion to resort to and pass through the said City; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses in Bath, in the County of Somerset, and the several Parishes in the Neighbourhood of Bath, were severally referred} That the Committee had heard Counfelon, Behalf of all the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Support of the said Bill} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Places and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout , and then a Second Tirrte, One by One } and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Bill for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously de-ftr-oying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Rejched, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Debtors at the Suit of the Crown, and of all the other Debtors confined in the Gaol at Tpfwich, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read} Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Srnytb reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of Burnfall, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had- been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true } and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about in Acres, who refused to sign the Bill} and that the whole Property consists of 740 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) } and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout , and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee} to whom the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition } and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Ho'ufe} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read } and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Whitaker being examined, said. That the Parish Church of Pontefratl,called All Saints or All Hallows, was several Years ago so much damaged as to be rendered unfit for the Performance of Divine Service therein, and is at this Time in a State of Ruin; — That there is within the said Town an ancient Pa^> rochial Church or Chapel, called Giles's Church, wherein Divine Service hath been performed ever since the Parish Church became unfit for that Purpose, and all Church Assessments have till of late Years been paid by the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, towards the Support of the said Church or Chapel, in the same Manner as the same had been paid in respect of the old Church} but that Doubts and Disputes have lately arisen how far the Parishioners are liable to contribute to the Repair and Support of the said Church or Chapel of Saint Giles, the same not being the Parish Church — That it would coll several Thousand Pounds to re-build or repair the old Church, so as to render the same fit and proper for the Performance of Divine Service, but the said Church or Chapel might at a very moderate Expence

Ipswich Debtors Petition.

Thorpe Inclo-sure Bill reported.

Pontefract Church Petition reported.

line's Eftfttc

Bill reported, and patted.

Hatton Road Bill eom-mitted*

St. Paneras Paving Bill faded.

pence be made luff tiently commodious, and fit for Ordered, That Mr. Jekyll do cairry the Bill to the the Reception of all the Parishioners. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And the Witness added. That it is proposed to continue the present Burial Ground, and to make use Mr. Baring reported from the Committee, to whom Nanter Nat. of Part of the old Church for the Performance of the the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act l‘P£'d'e‘(> Burial Service. > for naturalizing Henry Nantes, was committed} That an pa ‘ *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Committee had examined the Allegations of the constituting the Church of Saint Giles, in the Parish of Bill, arrd found the same to be true; and that the PontefraCl, in the County of York, the Parish Church: Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

And that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Wilberforce do House, without any Amendment: And he delivered prepare, and bring in, the fame. ' the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Rejoked, That the Bill do pass. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Order, That Mr. Baring do carry the Bill to the An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Real Estates Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed late of Francis Bine,of the Town and County of the to the fame, without any Amendment.

Town of Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trustees, to sell and convey the fame, and for laying An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Dickinibn* out the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner, Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement for Sale ^taieBiii and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, was com- of the Brewhouse and Hereditaments in and near mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- Golden London, lately belonging to Joseph gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; kfon, Esquire, deceased, and for applying Two Thirds and that the Parties concerned had given their Con- of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- the Freehold Part of the said Brewhouse and Here- . mittec; and that the Committee had directed him to ditaments in the Purchase of Freehold Hereditaments, report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- to be settled in Manner in the said Act mentioned, ment^ And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s and for such other Purposes as in the said Act men-Table. tioned, was read a Second Time.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Re/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Mitford, Mr. Burges, &c.: And they are to meet this

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do carry the Bill Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

to the Lords; and acquaint them* that this House Chamber, hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Webb’.EAate A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for effectuating the Sale of the Freehold Estate of Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for Nathaniel , Esquire, and Harriet Ellen, his Wife, repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike an Infant, at Borebam, in the County of was read Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through a Second Time.

King>s Norton, in the County of Worcester, and to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Upper End of Gannow Green, in fhc Parish of BromJ- Mitford, Mr. Burges,: And they are to meet this grove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Brough- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ton, in the said County of Worcester, so far as relates Chamber, to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at

Hatton, and Hockley Heath, in the County of Worcester, Mr. Cotes reported from the Committee, to whom Lloyd’* Eft«e

was read a Second Time. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act rjig"£e<1»

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert to enable the Reverend William Lloyd to complete his *" P Burton, Mr. Harrison, Sec. i And they are to meet Contraft with Jacob Bosanquet, Esquire, for Sale of this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Part of his settled Estates, and vesting the remaining Chamber. Part of the same Estates in Trustees for Sale, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the An ingrossed Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be watering, and watching the Streets and other public true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Places, within such Part of the Parish of Saint Paneras, Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the North and mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to South Sides of the New Road leading from Paddington report the Bill to the Floufc, without any Amend-to Islington, called Sommers Town, and for preventing ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Nuisances and Obstructions therein, was read the Table.

Third Time. And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was propolcd to be Resolved, That the Bill do pass. made to the Bill; viz. , Ordered, That Mr. Cotes do carry the Bill to the

Pr. 31. 1. ult. To leave out from «« Days" to Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

and," in Pr. 33. 1. 15. to the fame, without any Amendment.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a statement of was amended at the Table accordingly. Statement of the Claims examined by the Com-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title missioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and loySIft*

be, An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering. Services of the American Loyalists, since the Report ordered,

and watching such Streets, and other public Places, on the same Subject presented to this House last

within that Part of the Parish of Saint Paneras, in the Session of Parliament, and up to the present Time.

County of Middlesex, which lies on the North and

South Sides of the new Road leading from Paddington A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and The Lord* to Islington, called Sommers Town, and is now actually Mr. Montagu: hiTe *8re0<1 *

leased to Jacob Leroux, Esquire, for building upon, or Mr. Speaker,

that may be hereafter leased for the like Purpose, The Lx>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hawker* and and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions there- Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the P*diawa«iL

in. Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Loyne Nsvi. gltlOD Bill.

Bncklard Dinhim Road BUI.

Teddirfton

RotdBUl.

Bill for making Strectt from Fleet Street to Temple Street, Jcc»

Bourton and Watchfirlil inclol'ure Bill.

Erefham Roads bill.

Faverfhdm Paving B. 119 with An>ciid-roentt.

The Lords have passed Parson’s Ed ate BUI.

29 Geo. III. 10° J445

jesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty " Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade," without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyre, otherwise called Lure, and for budding a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dinbam

to the End of the Parish of and also the

Road from A lidjemerNorton to the End of the Parish

of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker’s Grave to the Road leading from to

a Place known by the Name of in the County of Scmerjet, and for amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Road from in the said County, to join the Road from Dinbam

aforesaid, in the Street of Kadftotk, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Crofts Hands in Teddinglon Field, in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of H'orcester, to the London Turnpike Road between Eveftsam and Perftjcre, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for opening a new Street from Street to

Temple Street, in the City of London, and also a public Passage from such new Street towards Lane,

and for (lopping tip or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and setting out others near to, or communicating with, such new Street and Passage; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlets of Bourton and in the Parish

of Shrivenhcim, in the County of Berks -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, of the Eirit, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Evefteam, and several other Roads in the Counties of H 'orcester and Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faverfuam, in the County of and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, late the Ellate of Elizabeth Parjon, deceased. Wife of

Vou XLIV.

John Parjon, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: At\d also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, late the Estate of Elizabeth Parjon, deceased, Wife of John Parjon, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty on Newspapers, for One Year, ending the ift Day of August 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty on Advertisements, for One Year, ending the ift Day of August 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty on Cards, for One Year, ending the ift Day of August 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty on Dice, for One Year, ending the ift Day of August 1788,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty on Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration, distinguishing the several Rates thereon, for One Year, ending the ift Day of August 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce Of the Duty on Legacies,' exclusive of those to Wives, Children, and Grand Children, for One Year, ending the ift Day of August 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Produce of the Duties on Legacies of One hundred Pounds and upwards, in the several Country Collections formed on Consignments made to Distributors.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Persons keeping Horses^' who have Two each, also the Number of Persons having Three, Four, and Five each, and the Number of Persons who have Six and upwards each, shewing the Total Number of Horses in each Class.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Persons keeping Four-Wheel Carriages, who have One each, also the Number of Persons who have Two each, and the Number of Persons who have Three and upwards each, shewing the Total Number of Carriages in each Class.

The House being informed that Mr. Thompson, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Produce on Advertisements, Newspapers, Cards, Dice, Probates, distinguishing the several Rates thereon, and on Legacies, exclusive of those to Wives, Children, and Grand Children.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read*

The said Account is as followeth;

s X An

The Lords will proceed To-moriowoa Mr Haltin£s's Trial.

Parson's Estate Bill read.

Account*

ordered.

Duties on Newspapers.’

Advertise-

iuenti.

Cards.

Dice,

Probates of Will*, &c.

Legacies.

IK

Horses.'

Carriages.

Account of Produce on Adver tife-ments; News* papers; &c. piel’ented.

Account* of Persona keeping Carriage* and Horlra j presented.

io° Junii.

A. 1789.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce on Advertisemeftts, Newspapers, Cards, Dice, Probates, distinguishing the several Rates thereon, and on Legacies, exclusive of those to Wives, Children, and Grand Children.

Advertisements —

Newspapers — —

Cards — —

Dice — —

Ia d*

Probates — of 4 10 —

5 10 —

6 10 —

Legacies — of 2 ——

45>346

80,009

27,050

1.295

s.

11

3

2

12

d.

3

6

3,703 10 —

2,827 ——

16,536 ——

3,822 ——

The progressive Duties on Legacies after the first £. 100, payable by all other Persons except Wives, Children, or Grand Children, being the same specific Amount of Duty as that charged on all Legacies less to Wife, Child, or Grand Child, cannot be ascertained, but the Amount at the Head Office is — — — 10,344 — —

The estimated Produce in the Country formed on Consignments made to Distributors ' — — — — 6,608 — —

Stamp Office,

10th June 1789.

J. , Pro Compt'.

Ordered, That the find Accdunt be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended At, the Door} he was called in} and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Persons keeping Four Wheel Carriages who have One each, also the Number of Persons who 'have Two each, and the

Number of Persons who have Three and upwards, each, shewing the Total Number of Carriages in each Class: And also.

An Account of the Number of Persons keeping Horses who have Two each, also the Number of Persons having Three, Four, and Five each, and the Number of Persons who have Six and upwards each, shewing the Total Number of Horses in each Class.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Persons keeping Four Wheel Carriages who have One each, also the Number of Persons who have Two each, and the Number of Persons who have Three and upwards each, shewing the Total Number of Carriages in each Class.

' ' Namberof Carriages.

9*457 Persons keeping One each — — - — 2,184 — keeping Two each — — — — 1,120 — - keeping Three and upwards each — - — — 9*457 4,368 4,3°4

12,761 OO W VO

Office for Taxes,

10th June 1789.

Tim. Brent.

An

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Persons keeping Horses, who have Two each, also the Number of Persons having Three, Four, and Five each, and the Number of Persons who have Six and upwards each, shewing the Total Number of Horses in each Oafs.

Number of Horses.

15,974 Persons keeping Two each —

8,154 — keeping Three, Four, and Five each

2,190 — keeping Six and upwards each

3i>94»

29*341

19,018

26,418

80,307

Office for Taxe^ joth "June 1789.

Brent.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Accounts, &c. referred.

Produce of Customs, Excite, Stamps, and Incidents.

Income and Charge on Consolidated Fund.

Unfunded

Debt.

Estimate of Navy Debt.

Disposition of Grants.

Increase of Navy Debt.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Accounts which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, of the Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Unfunded Debt of the Nation, as it stood on the 5th of January 1789, distinguished under its respective Heads, together with the Amount of Interest Annually paid thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on th£ 31st December 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1788 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day of May 1789, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Increase of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy on the 31st December 1788, with the Reasons for the said Increase, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

flr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply ds-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fc*re<1* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, li° die Junii;

Anno 290 Georgii III*" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to amend and enlarge the Covent Gar.

Powers of an Act, passed in the last Session of chu ck Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repairing the llP4lled*

Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent,

in the County of Middlesex, for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church, and for removing the present Watch " House, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, tc An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of " Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of " dlesex, for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church, and for removing the present Watch House, and providing " another for the Use of the said Parish."

Ordered, That Lord John 'Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com- ofmafton in-mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Bill inclosing, all the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, repore and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Ofmaflon next Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Sins.n Moor,

5 'was

Fapifts Drsds and Wills Inrollment Bill committed*

Harmon Tnc’o-loic Bill.reposted, and ft-cowiniited.

Tluvpe TrcT<V fureBdi pa fled#

toa* committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, Bad been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protesta.it Purchasers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocbin do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harfton,in the County of , was

committed.

Mr. Pocbin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found thac the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure,

had not been complied with, the Parties not having determined to apply in the present Session till after the Time limited for giving the Notices, on account of the Death of the Duke of One of the

principal Proprietors, as they conceived the Bill could not be proceeded in during the Minority of the present Duke, but, that Difficulty having been obviated, Notices were given Three Times in November and December last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Rector of the said Parish, who refused to sign the Bill, alledging that it would be more for the Benefit of the Church to have Land instead of Tythes, and who is entitled to about Two Yard Lands; and that the whole Property consists of 44f Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other* Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Failures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of in the West

Ruling of the County of was read the Third Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of Burnfall, in the West Riding of the County of York,

Ordered, That Mr. Pocbin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadow, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Hemmington, in the Parish of Lockington, and County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadow, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Hemmington, in the Parish of Lockington, and County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocbin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in thfe House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminst Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed'to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into -minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes,-and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 77. 1. 18. Leave out from " only" to " this" in 1. 21. and inferc such as are taken away or " altered by."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Orderedj

Hemmington Inclosure Bill passed.

Trial of Mr. Hidings

Lords Amend* ments to Fa-verlham Fating Bill agreed to.

Petition against Ancle-▼or Canal Bill read again, and Counsel ordered on Keport.

The Lords will proceed presently on Mr. Hajiings’ Trial,

Trial of Mr* Hastings.

ii° Junii.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ihips.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of the River of and of the Merchants, Traders, Inhabitants, and others, of, in, and about the City of Winin the County of Southampton, and of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands through which a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of , in the said

County, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Mill-brook, in the said County, is intended to pass, which was presented to the House upon the 17th Day of May last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of Andevor, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbro in the said County, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Walker:

; Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships are ready to proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajiings, Esquire, presently, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to; attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers,

And he went accordingly; and returned. -Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House, in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajiings, Esquire,' were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the-whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster IJall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr.-Speaker re.fumed the Chair. ....

Vol. XLIV.'

A Message from the Lords; by Mr. Eames and Mr. The Lord* Montagu: win proced

01 on WctJn- M.iy

Mr. Speaker, on m.. n-.it-

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ing»* Trial. House; That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajiings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison do make the Report Denton Tncto-from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, furs Bill reallotting, and inclosing the several Open Common por *

Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed,

Mr. Harrifcn accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for amending, widening, turning, varying; Bury am! altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a Hading ien certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Ilafting-den, and from thence to the East End of Saif (red Bridge, in Blackburn., and also the Road from Hasting-den aforesaid to the East End of Bridge, in

the Town of Whatley, and also the Road from Hasting-den aforesaid, through Ne w Church and Bacup, to merden, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation " and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several " Ports and Places therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Corn Merchants in Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That it is proposed to be thereby enacted, that, after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months, from the Time the Ports of this Kingdom shall have been opened for the Importation of Grain at the Low Duties, it shall not be lawful to import fitch Foreign Grain, at the Low Duties, in any other than British-bu\\t Ships, and that it shall not be lawful to enter or land any Foreign Corn or Grain under the Joint E.ocks of the King and the Importer, without-Payment of the Duty,

Y purluanc

Order for Third Rrading of Com Regulation Bill

read.

Petition from Corn Merchants in Liverpool for additional Piovihon.

45° n° Junii. A. 1789.

pursuant to the Provisions contained in the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, unless such Corn or Grain be imported in British-bm\t Ships; and that the Permission to import Foreign Grain is founded on a Necessity for Supply, arising from the Scarcity of Grain at Home, that the Period of Three Months is too Short for the Dispatch of Vessels from England, to load Grain in the Ports of the Baltic, and perform the Voyage to the Western Ports of this Kingdom, and that the Period of Two Months is too foort to admit of Orders being sent for the Purchase of Grain in the Ports of the Baltic, the principal Granaries of Europe for loading the same in Vessels of the Country, to be chartered on the Spot, and for performing the Voyage to the Western Ports of England; and that to prohibit the entering or landing of Foreign Grain, under the Joint Locks of the King and the Importer, in any Case, is to expose Grain to Ruin, the Commodity being of a perishable Nature, and must expose the Importer to the unnecessary Hazard of a Loss, Short only of the actual Con-fifcation of his Property in the Pursuit of a Trade certainly not Contraband, but for the Supply of the Kingdom, in Times of Scarcity, with Corn from Abroad; and that the Time of Three Months having been found too long for properly ascertaining the Average Prices of Grain, for determining the Expediency of allowing the Importation thereof, Provision is made in the said Bill for regulating the Importation of all Foreign Grain, except Oats, at the Port of London, and in the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Sussex, by the Average Prices of the Aggregate Quantities of British Grain fold in the Six Weeks immediately preceding each Quarter Session for the City of London, but no Provision is made in the said Bill for regulating the Importation of Foreign Grain at the Out Ports of the Kingdom, in like Manner by the Average Prices for the Six Weeks immediately preceding the Time for making up the Quarterly Returns, it being directed by the Bill that the Importation of Grain, in the Districts of the Out Ports, shall be regulated by the Average Prices for the Periods of Three Months preceding the Times of making up the said Returns; and that it is intended to be enacted, by the said Bill, that in all Cases where Wheat shall be sold by Weight, Fifty-seven Pounds Weight shall be deemed equal to One Bushel of Winchester Measure, which the Petitioners consider

an unfair Conversion of Wheat sold by Weight into Winchester Measure, as good heavy Wheat exceeds Sixty-one Pounds Weight the Winchester Bushel, and the true Weight of Middling British Wheat cannot, with any Justice, be taken so low as Fifty-seven Pounds Weight for the Winch Bushel: And therefore praying. That the Provisions in the Bill, which shorten the Time allowed for the Importation of Foreign Grain, and prohibit the landing such Foreign Grain at any Time under the Joint Locks of the King and the Importer, may not pass into a Law, that Provision may be made in the Bill to regulate the Importation of all Foreign Grain, Pulse, and Rape Seed, in the Districts of the Out Ports of the Kingdom, by the Average Prices of the Aggregate Quantities of British Grain, Pulse, and Rape Seed, in each respective District for the Six Weeks immediately preceding the Times of making up the Quarterly Returns, and that, in all Cases where Wheat is sold by Weight, a Quantity of not less than Fifty-eight Pounds Weight shall be deemed equal to One Bushel of Winchester Measure.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for putting the Port of Boston on the same Footing with the other Ports.

And thefsaid Clause was Thrice read; and, upon

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, '* An Act for further regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of " Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned j" and for further regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for constituting the Church of Saint Giles, in the Parish of PontefraSt, in the County of York, the Parish Church: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or’ Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Leeds, and County of York, was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Leeds, and County of

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gemja, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true $ and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be raised by Annuities, with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Manner following; that

is

Corn Regular lion Bill pa (led.

Pontefract Church Bilt presented.

Bramley Tn-closure Bill passed.

Gemfa’i Nat* Bill reported, and passed.

Debtor! Bill re-committed*

Report Ways and Means.

Annuities.

29 Geo. III. 11° Junii. 451

is to say, Every Person who shall become a Contri- Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Ma-butor towards raising the said Sum of One Million jesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time,

Two thousand Five hundred Pounds shall, for every to such Services as shall then have been voted by this One hundred Pounds and Five Shillings advanced House in this Session of Parliament; and that every and paid to the Cashier of the Bank of England,be Contributor to the said Annuities, who shall pay any at Liberty to name his own or some other Life, and of the Sums to be respectively paid by Instalments on producing a Certificate thereof, attested by the as hereinbefore mentioned, before the Periods respec-Cashier of the Bank of England, to the Auditor of tively fixed for the fame, shall be allowed an In-the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on or be- terest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three fore the 10th Day of October 1790, shall, in respe«5t Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Sums so respecthereof, be entitled, from the said 10th Day of October tively paid in, to be computed from the Day of pay-1790, during the Life of the Nominee whom he shall ing the same respectively, to the Periods at which the appoint, to a Life Annuity in Manner following; same would be paid according to the respective In-that is to say: For the Life of every Person under the Raiments hereinbefore mentioned.

Age of Twenty Years, so nominated, to an Annuity R, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Annuities, of Four Pounds Three Shillings in respect thereof — That, towards raising the Supply granted to His For the Life of every Person who shall be of the Majesty, the Sum of One hundred and Eighty-seven Age of Twenty Years, and under the Age of Thirty thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities, in the Man-Years, so nominated, to an Annuity of Four Pounds ner following; that is to say: That every Contribu-Five Shillings and Six Pence, in respect thereof — for to the said Sum of One hundred and Eighty-For the Life of every Person who shall be of the Age seven thousand Pounds shall, for every One hundred of Thirty Years, and under the Age of Forty Years, Pounds contributed, be entitled 'to an Annuity ot so nominated, to an Annuity of Four Pounds Eight Seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence, to Shillings and Six Pence, in respect thereof — For the continue for a certain Term of Eighteen Years and Life of every Person who shall be of the Age of Forty Three Quarters of a Year, and then to cease, the Years, and under the Age of Fifty Years, so'nomi- said Annuity to commence from the 5th Day of nated, to an Annuity of Four Pounds Thirteen Shil- April 1789, and to be payable and transferable at lings and Six'Pence, in respect thereof — For the Life the Bank of , and to be paid Half Yearly, on

of every Person who shall be of the Age of Fifty the 10th Day of , and the 5th Day of in

Years, and under the Age of Sixty Years, so nomi- every Year, and shall be charged and chargeable upon nated, to an Annuity of Five Pounds One Shilling the Consolidated Fund — That every Contributor shall, and Six Pence, in respect thereof — and, for the Life on or before the 12th Day of this Instant make of every Person who shall be of the Age of Sixty a Depofu of Ten Pounds per Centum on such Sums Years, or upwards, so nominated, to an Annuity of as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising Five Pounds Twelve Shillings, in respect thereof, to the said Sum of One hundred and Eighty-seven thou-be paid and payable Half Yearly at the Receipt of sand Pounds, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April the Governor and Company of the Bank of and the 10th Day of October in each Year, out of the in Part of the said Sum of One hundred and Eighty-Consolidated Fund, the first Half Yearly Payment seven thousand Pounds, as a Security for making the to be due and paid on the 5th Day of April 1791; future Payments on or before the Days or Times and that every Contributor towards the said Annuities herein after limited; that is to say: Fifteen Pounds shall, on or before the 12th Day of this Instant June, per Centum on or before the 21st Day of August next; make a Deposit with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Fifteen Pounds Centum on or before the 25 th Day Bank of England of Ten Pounds and Five Shillings of September next; Fifteen Pounds per Centum on or for every One hundred Pounds which he or she shall before the 30th Day of next; Fifteen Pounds

chuse to subscribe towards raising the said Sum, as a per Centum on or before the 27th Day of November Security for making the future Payments respectively next; Fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the to the said Cashier or Cashiers, on or before the Times 24th Day of December next; and Fifteen Pounds per herein after limited; that is to say: Fifteen Pounds Cen on or before the 29th Day of 17 90 — per Centum on or before the 21 ft Day of August next; That all the Monies so to be received by the said

Fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the 25th Day Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Com-of September next; Fifteen Pounds per Centum on or pany of the Bank of England shall be paid into the before the 30th Day of October next; Fifteen Pounds Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time per Centum on or before the 27th Day of November to Time, to such Services as shall then have been next; Fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the voted by this House in this Session of Parliament —

24th Day of December next; and Fifteen Pounds per That every Contributor to the said Annuities, who Centum on or before the 29th Day of January 1790; shall pay any of the Sums to be respectively paid by and that the several Contributors towards raising the Instalments, as hereinbefore mentioned, before the said Sum of One Million Two thousand Five hun- Periods respectively fixed for the fame, shall be al-dred Pounds shall be entitled to an Interest, after the lowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per , on the several Sums by them respectively contributed by Sums so respectively paid in, to be computed from Instalments, from the Days hereinbefore mentioned, the Day of paying the same respectively, to the Pe-to the 10th Day of October 1790, the several Nomi- riods at which the same would be paid, according to nees to be appointed in respect of such Annuities to the respective Instalments hereinbefore mentioned — be divided into Classes, and upon the Death of every That the said Annuities, after the Rate of Seven Nominee, the Annuity falling in to be distributed Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence, for a certain among the Survivors in the Class in which the Person Term of Eighteen Years and Three Quarters of a dying shall have been nominated, till the Annuity for Year, and then to cease, shall, from the Time of any One Share of One hundred Pounds and Five their Commencement, be added to, and made One^ Shillings shall, by Survivorship, amount, to the Sum Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two’ of One thousand Pounds, and upon the Death of Acts, made in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years such Nominee, so entitled to One thousand Pounds of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting per Annum, the said Annuity shall cease; and that Annuities for certain Terms of Thirty Years, and all the Monies to be received by the said Cashier or Twenty-nine Years, respectively, and then to cease.

Lottery*

n° Juniu

A. 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Seventy-one thousand Five hundred and Sixty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty thousand Tickets, at Fifteen Pounds Eight Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny each j and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 12th Day of this Instant June, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of England of One Pound Eight Shillings and Seven Pence Half-penny, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say: For and in respect of every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the 24th Day of July next} Two Pounds on or before the 4th Day of September next; Three Pounds on or before the 23d Day of October next) Two Pounds on or before the 20th Day of November next; Two Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the 18th Day of December next; and Two Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the 15th Day of January 1790; and that Tickets, as soon as the fame, can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery; which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1789, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the 3d Day of June 1790, as soon as. Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor to the said Lottery, who shall pay any of the Sums to be respectively paid by Instalments, as hereinbefore mentioned, before the Periods respectively fixed for the fame, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so respectively paid in, to be computed, from the Day of paying the same respectively, to the Periods at which the same would be paid according to the respective Instalments hereinbefore mentioned.

Exchequer Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bills. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or -before the 5th Day of April 1790, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1790, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Money out of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ConfoUdated That, towards making good the Supply granted to Fu#d. His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million Five hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Fund, called The Confclidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His ^p’s°"Newl* Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Half-penny be charged upon every Newspaper printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed or made public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Advertise-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- ments> jesty, an additional Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Advertisement to be contained in any Newspaper or Pamphlet whatsoever, printed in Great Britain, to be at any Time dispersed or made

public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cards. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pack of Playing Cards, made fit for Sale or Use, in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. Dice.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and SixPence be charged upon every Pair of Dice, made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; ProMtesof That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Wliu’&c* jesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration, for any Ellate of or above the Value of Three hundred Pounds, and a further additional Duty of Thirty Shillings, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Six hundred Pounds, and a further additional Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings, where the Estate is of or above the Value of One thousand Pounds, and a further additional Duty of Three Pounds Ten Shillings, where the Estate is of or above the Value of Two thousand Pounds, and a further additional Duty of Five Pounds, where the Estate is of or above the Value offive thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Leg*eie». That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings be laid upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Receipt, or other Discharge, for any Legacy, left by any Will, or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, the Amount whereof shall be Four hundred Pounds, and a like additional Stamp Duty be charged upon every further Sum of One hundred Pounds so left by any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Partor Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Horses. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep Two Horses,

Mares, or Geldings, and no more, for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach,

Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with an additional Annual Duty of Five Shillings for One of such Horses, Mares, or Geld-

>ngs* . '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. j>.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep Three, Four, or Five

Five Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with an additional Annual Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of One.

Horse*. Re/olved', That it is the1 Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep Six or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, or any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with an additional Annual Duty of Ten Shillings for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of One.

Carriage!. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-jeflry, an additional Annual Duty of Twenty Shillings ' be charged upon every Person who shall keep One Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise Marine, Chaise with Four Wheels, or Caravan, for his or her own Use, or to let out to Hire (other than and except such as are already licensed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Hackney Coaches).

D»; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep Two Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calalhes, Chaise Marines, Chaises with Four Wheels, or Caravans, for his or her own Use, or to let out to Hire (other than and except such as are already licensed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Hackney Coaches) shall be charged with an additional Annual Duty of Twenty Shillings for One of such Carriages, and an additional Annual Duty of Two Pounds for the other of such Carriages.

D»; Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall keep Three or more/ Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calalhes, Chaise Marines, Chaises with Four Wheels, or Caravans, for his or her own Use, or to let out to Hire (other than and except such as are already licensed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Hackney Coaches) shall be charged with an additional Annual Duty of Twenty Shillings for One of such Carriages, and an additional Annual Duty of Three Pounds for every other of such Carriages.

The said Resolutions being severally dead a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John , the Earl

of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ro/e, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tobacco Du- Re/olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

coofidered. *nS next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the Duties now payable on Tobacco.

Pawnbroker* Mr. Alderman Wat/on, according to Order, report-

Bill reported. ed from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the Trade and Business ' of Pawnbrokers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read-the Report in his Place j and afterwards-delivered Vol. XLIV.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on whole House, to consider further of the Circumstan- slaf* Tract ces of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir 'William Dolben reported from the Committee;

That they had examined another Witness in Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of Liverpool, and of the several other Petitions from the Town of Liverpool; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may1 have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Mr.

William Macinto/h) do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 12° die Junii;

Anno 29* Georgii III. U Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Anthony Charles Benjamin petition of ladinwas presented to the House, and read; Mr. SaUdin Setting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of foprefcnta His Majesty’s Allegiance, but hath constantly pro- P«itk>n for W» sessed the true Protestant Religion, and given Testimony of his Loyalty and Fidelity to His Majesty and the Good of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioned intended presenting a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization, but did not arrive in this Kingdom until the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying. That he may have Leave to present a Petition for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular ton n. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin.

Then a Petition of Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin $*i*din,« N«t. was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Pe*»n. Leave may b.e given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Muncaster, Mr. Hopkins, and Mr. Majltr, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

5 Z Mr.

12° Junii,

Wyberton Inclosure Bill repotted.

Southwold Harbour Bill patted.

Harfton In-eloi'ure recommitted Bill reported.

Indemnity B.J ordoed.

Mr. Pbelips reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of in the Parts of

Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands rated to the Land Tax at £.54. 5 who refused to Sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure are rated at £.1,455. IOJ- or thereabouts} and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose. the Bill)} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and making more effectual the Acts of Parliament for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and making more effectual the Acts of Parliament for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Ludley North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Leicester, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices iand Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to E.aw, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give iurther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Inden-

A \ 1789-

tures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Wigley and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Knights of Reading of the Bill to explain and amend the several Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the committed. Reign of King William the Third, the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Third, touching the Eleilion for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole' House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extras* of Extracts of such Journals of the Surgeons employed in Ships trading to the Coast of A/rica, since the ift pioyeii in Day of August 1788, as have been transmitted to the ^£'ejjhps* Custom House in London, and which relate to the w tre ’ State of the Slaves during the Time they were on Board the Ships.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is King’s Con-concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham-, which Bill was, upon the 13th Day of May last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they '

shall think fit.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harston, in the County of Leicester-, which Bill was, this Day, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been re-committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

King’* Consent to R at It on Inclosure Bill.

The House being informed that Mr from statement of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the LofiTes £|m|"lsc*" and Services of the American Lovalifts, attended at fendt'ej.s 1,r* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of the Claims examined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the LolTcs and Services of the American Loyalists, &c. up to the prefen t Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Statement was read*

The said Statement is as followeth; viz.

A ST ATE-

A STATEMENT of the Claims examined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, 8cc. up to the present Time,

pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, of the toth June 1789.

g

<a]

r-f

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

c§

FT

1. Of Claims made by, and Losses liquidated, of American Loyalids.

61aims examined by the CoramifUoners in England ——

Cl a i ms examined by the Commissioners in Nov^ Scotia and Canada — —

Claims under the AA of 1788; mix.*.

Claim of John Penn, Junior, and John Penn,.Senior, Esqoires, v. Special Report D« of Robert Lord Fairfax, and the Trustee* under the Will of Catherine Lady Fairfax — — —

D° of the Creditors on the Ceded Lands in Georgia (Class 12*) — — -

D° of the other Persons specially named in the Act ~ ——

Claim? disallowed and withdrawn.

1. Disallowed for Want of Proof of

Loyal ty — — — 8-

2. D° for Want of satisfaAory Proof of Loss — — — 298

3. D° being fraudulent — — to

4. D# being for Debts only 19

5. Withdrawn — — — 37.

Claims presented, but not prosecuted ~

Total —

Office of American Claims,

12th June 1789,

LOSSES OF PROPERTY.

X°of

CI.i ms.

939

1.272

2,21 1

1

11

M

372

547

3W57

Amount of Claims.

5*893>7io 15 975>3*o 13

£.6,869,021 8~

944»8i7 8 6

98.000 — —

45*885 17 5

77»H6_______

£' 8»°34»97o 13 11

22,293 H 2

732.298 3

106,13, 5

*52.615 9 2

1,030,52, 9 3

£ l0>07%*S$x , 1 p

LolTes allowed.

*-977.397 3 — 7

336,753 6)

2*314»,5° 5 6

500,000 — —

60,000 — — 45>885 17 5 29*977 -

2,950,013 2 11

2,950/313 211

Lodes of Income.

Amount of Claims per Ann.

07.536

Lnfs ( Income, per Ann. fount).

79.57*

07.536

;9-57*

800

80.37*

,o8H3o

2. Of the Sums which have been already granted, and of what remains for Considera-

tien of Parliament.

Amount of Sums already granted by Parliament.

For LOSS of PROPERTY.

Amount of the Sums granted for Compensation, by the AAs of 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788 — — —

Amount of Deductions made (pursuant to the Dirr&ions of the Act of 1788) from the Losses allowed the American Loyalists Amount of Deductions made from D* on Account of Allowances for temporary Support, which continued to he paid to several of the Claimants, from the 5th of July 1788 (from which Day their Compcofation bore Intcrell) until the 5 th of January 1789

For LOSS of INCOME.

Amount of Pensions paid to 211 Persons, on Account of Losses of Income, pursuant to the Address of the House of Commons of the 9th of June 1788, per Ann. - .£-7*5*8

N. B. This isexclusive of Annual Allowances for temporary Support, granted to 557 Persons, being chiefly Widows, Orphans, and Merchants, to the Amount of per Annum — — — £ 26,526

£ /. j.

917,138 3

174,990 6 —

4.7*7 19 6.

Amount of what remains for Consideration of Parliament.

80,37*

For LOSS of PROPERTY; Claims which have not participated in the Grant of N* of Claims* £ S* dm

1788, in Classes i, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 — — — D* of the Earl of Coventry and Lord Viscount Weymouth, Truflecs under the Will of John Earl of 74 138,972 II — *

Gran ville, deceased — *v. Special Report. Class 8 D* of John Penn, junior, and John Penn, Senior, 1 60,000 —

Esquires — - — *i*. Special Report Class 8 D°of Robert Lord Fairfax, and the Trullees under the Will 1 500,000

of Catherine Lady Fairfax, <u. Special Report. Class 8 D° of Subjects or settled Inhabitants of the United States, many of which are Cafes of great Merit, or 1 60,000 —

peculiar Hardship — <v. Special Report. Class 9 D° of Persons who appear to have Relief provided for them by the Treaty of Peace, but state the utter Im- 4S 34*8^8 6 —

possibility of procuring it — — Class 11 D° of the Creditors on the Ceded Lands in Geor- 2 13,270

gia — — — — — Class 12 4 45»885 >7 5-

For LOSS of INCOME. Amount of Income allowed under the Act of 1788, per Annum, £.800.

*.097.016 8 6

£.852,996. 14 5:

£*.950,013 2 u

4*

cn.

John ForJler, Secretary,

29 Geo. III. 120 .

Cold Kirk by Inclosure Bill passed.

Tobacco Du-lies deferred.

House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Bill to amend Act for encouraging the Cultivation of Trees, See deferred.

Ofmafton Inclosure Bill passed.

Westmlnfttr Society Bill d«tcired.

Committee of Supply.

Accounts, See. referred.

Disposition of Grants.

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cold in the North

Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cold Kirkby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Buncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon Monday Morning next, to consider of the Duties now payable on Tobacco, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly -,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Yuefday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for " the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, " and Shrubs

Resolved, That this House will, upon Se-

vennight, the 23d Day of this Instaflt June, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Ofmafton next Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Moor, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Ofmafton next Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Sinfin Moor.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establ idling a Society, to be named Ybe Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Sur-vivorships}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1788 has been dif-

a

posed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 8th Day of May 1789, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies which have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Civil List Revenues, to the Marquis of Carmarthen, now Duke of Leeds, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty’s Secret Service Abroad, with the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies which have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, towards defraying the Expence attending the Works carrying on at House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of ' the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Aldridge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Aldridge reported from the -Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Aldridge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossfed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Se-

cretary of the Salt Duties, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duty on Salt, between the 5th of April 1787 and the 5th of April 1788, and between the 5th of April 1788 and the 5th of April 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section.

The

Money issued to the Marquis of Carmarthen for Secret Service.

Money issued for the Work! at Carleton House.

African Company’s Petition.

Ways and Means deferred.

Arnold Inclosure Bill passed.

Account of

Produce of Salt Duty presented.

fconlmittee on Papilts Deeds and Wills Inrollment Bill.

Testimonials from Bengal relative to Mr. Hillings, ordered.

Committee on Slave Trade.

Bill to confirm the Inclosure of Idlicote Fields, passed.

29 Geo. III.

i 20 — 150 Junii.

4 'si

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Minchin took the Chair of* the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Testimonials transmitted by the Governor General and Council, relative to Mr. HoJl~ ings, from Bengal.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had examined One other Witness, and another Witness in Part, in Support of the Petition' of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of Liverpool, and of the several other Petitions from the Town of Liverpool; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Governor Weuves) do attend the said Committee upon Mondry Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LiUtice, 15°;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill to confirm an Inclosure heretofore made of certain Open Fields, in the Parish of Idlicote, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to confirm an Inclosure Heretofore made of certain Open Fields, in the Parish of , in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. XLIV.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, late the Estate of Elizabeth Parson, deceased. Wife of John Parson, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. houn, Mr. Dempster, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fifre of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commirtee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing

o O

the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of Mar-fton upon Dove, Hatton, Ilocn, and Iloon Hay, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found thac the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Cofn-mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given theit Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at £. 2. 1 J. o per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure are assessed at f. 128. is.per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to ‘by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Minchin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee,'

to whom the Petition of Messieurs Peel and Tates was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, and of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had not been complied with, but that the Road intended to be made is only 6ao Yards in Length, or thereabouts, and no Toils are intended to be taken on either the Road or the Bridge; and that all the Owners of the Lands on each Side of the River where the Bridge is intended to be built, and of the Land through which the Road is intended to be made, have given their Consent thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-

6 A tien;

Parson’S j ElUte Bill committed.

Marston Open Dove Inclosure Bill reported.

Papists Deeds and Wills In* rolJment Bill reported*

Petition for additional Provision to Bury and Haslingden Roads Bill reported.

45 8

lS ° Junii.

A. 1789;

tien; and had directed hiito to report the fame, as it Esquire j and also, the Petition of and of

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Mea-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at dows through which a Navigable Canal from or near

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Peter Sefton being examined, said, That if Provision

was made in the Bill now depending for repairing the Roads from the Town of Bury to Hajlingden, and several

other Places in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for

making a Road from the Line of the said Roads through certain Closes or Pieces of Ground in the Township of Walmesley to the Border of the River drivell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, to form a Communication with the Callico Printing

Works of Messieurs Peel and Tates, it would be of

great Advantage to them, and increase the Toils to be taken on the said Roads.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, Mr. Henry Dundas reported from the Committee, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury,now or of several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the to Hajlingden, and from thence to the East End of Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Ma-Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from jetty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjhutt Bridge, County of Edinburgh, and from Cramend Bridge to

the Borough of Andevor,in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County, is intended to pass, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Edinburgh Road* Bill reported*

in the Town of Whalley, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmerden, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for making a Road from the said intended Turnpike Road in the Township of Walmerjley, to the River Irwell, and for building a Carriage Bridge over the said River, to form a Communication Robert Peel Bury.

with the Printing Works of Messieurs and William Tates, in the said Parish of

Indemnity Bill presented.

the Town of Queens ferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and for making the same more effectual, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

were agreed to

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to by the House. order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; ingrossed. and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica- Mr. Anstruther reported from the Committee, to tiens within the Time limited by Law, and for giving whom the Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers

further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing - them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to " give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to " make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Inden- " tures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Saltdin’t Mat. The Lord Muncaster presented to the House, a£-BiU presented. cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Andevor Mr. Harri/onreported from the Committee, to whom

Canal Bill the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable icporttd. Canal from or near the Borough of Andevor, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of fdilibrook,in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Hingeston, Esquire, and John Matthew of Lincoln's Inn,

of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for " supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome " Water, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Places within " the said Town," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a SecondTime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Morten, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of the several Testimonials transmitted by the Governor General and Council, relative to Mr, HaJHngs, from Bengal;

N° t. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Thompson, dated 27th March 1788: And also,

N° 2. First Inclosure in Mr. Thompson's Letter: And also,

5 N*

Greenock Harbour Bill reported.

TestimoniaU from Bengal relative to Mr* Halting*, presented.

ip Geo. III.

150 Junii.

45 9

N° 3. Second Inclosure in Mr. Thompson's Letter: the Zemindars, &c. of Dacca Jalalpore, presented by

their Vakeel: And also,

N° 27. Copy Translation of a Address from the Zemindars, of Dacca presented by

f h o 1 t* \T /I Uu I A n nl r.\

And also,

N° 4. Refutations of the Right honourable the Governor General in Council on Mr. Let-

ter, 31st March 1788: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Three Letters from the Deputy

their Vakeel: And also,

N° 28. Copy Translation of a Address from

Persian Translator, accompanying Translation of the the Zemindar of presented by his Vakeel:

different Testimonials respecting Mr. llafUngs: And And also, also, N® 2 9. Copy Translation of a Persian Address from

N° 6. Copy Translation of Persian Address from Khan Khan, and the Inhabitants of

Benares: And also, presented by their Vakeel: And also,

N° 7. Copy Letter from the Refldent at the Durbar, N® 30. Copy Translation of a Persian Address from

and of Translation of Persian Papers which accompanied it: And also,

N° 8. Copy Translation of Letter from the Nabob V izier of Oudc to the Governor General, and of Trans-

the Zemindar o f Patcbeal,presented by his Vakeel:

And also,

N° 31. Copy Translation of a Persian Address from some of the Inhabitants of delivered to the

Jation of Four Persian Papers which accompanied it: Secretary by A ZahiJ and others: And also.

And also, N® 32. Copy Translation of a Persian Address from

N° 9. Copy Translation of Letter from the Nabob other Inhabitants of , presented to the Secre-

of Farruckabadto the Governor General, and of Trans- tary by and others: And also,

lation of Three Persian Papers which accompanied it: N® 33. Copy Translation of a Persian Address from

And also, other Inhabitants of Calcutta, delivered to the Secrc-

N° 10. Copy Letter from the Collector of Dinage- tary by Raaje Roy and others: And also,

pore,dated 8th July, and Copy Translation of a Persian N® 34. Copy of Letter from the Retftor and Paper which accompanied it: And also. Churchwardens of the Greek Church in Bengal: And

also,

N° 11. Copy Translations of a Letter and Papers transmitted to the Governor General by the Nabob of Dacca :And also,

N° 12. Copy of Two Letters from the Collector of Dinagepore, and of Translation of Persian Papers trans-tnitted by him: And all’o,

N° 13. Copy of Letter from the Collector of Nuddea, from the Ranny of , from the Rajah of Hidgelee, and of Translation of Persian Papers transmitted by and from the Rajah of presented by their

him: And also. Vakeels: And ai so,

N° 14. Copy of Letter from the Collector of Bogle- N® 37. Extract of General Letter from Bengal, dated

N® 35. Copy Translation of a Greek Address from the Reaor and Members of the Greek Church: And also,

N® 36. Copy Translation of AddreiTes from the Rajah of 'Turnlook,from the Ranny of Myfadel,

pore, and Copy Translation of a Paper rranf-

mitted therewith: And also,

N° 15. Copy of Letter from the Acting Judge of

6th November 1788, received by the Ship IViiliam Pitt, and of General Letter from Bengal, dated January 1789, received by the Kent,

Pataa, transinitcing a Persian Address from that City; ing Papers, accompanied wirh the Original Persian

also, Copy of Two Letters from the Deputy Persian Translator: And also,

N° 16. Copy Translation of an Address from the Inhabitants of Patna, alluded to in the preceding Number: And also,

N° 17. Copy of Letter from the Collector of Dinagepore, and Translation of a Paper transmitted by him: And also,

N° 18. Copy Translations of the Persian Addresses from the Rajah of Burdwan, and Zemindars and Pundits of the Twenty-four Pergunnahs, presented by their Vakeels: And also,

N° 19. Copy Translation of a Persian Address from

Addresses, to the Court of Directors.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficienr for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved the other

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a the Rajah of jejfore Mabomedffahy, See. and from the Copy of a Letter from James Grant, Esquire, to the cornwaT/s*0^ Zemindars, See. of that Division, presented by their Right honourable Earl Cornwallis, Governor General Vakeel: And also, of Bengal, dated the 31st of October 1788, relative to SaJt Revenue

N° 20. Copy Tranflation of a Persan Address from the Revenue arising from alt in Bengal. ordered!*1*

the Rajah of Tannab Babar, in Cooch Babar, presented

byh is Vakeel: And also, A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the

N® 21. Copy Translation of a Persian Address from Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Wade the Ranny of Radjhahy, and her Son Raja Ramkiffen, Grounds, within the Townships of West Haddle/ey, ‘

presented by her Vakeel: And also, Chapel Haddlefey, East Haddlefey, and Temple Hirjl, in

N® 22. Copy Translation of a Persian Address from the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County the Canongoes, Zemindars, &c. of Midnapore,pre- of York, was read a Second Time,

fented by their Vakeel: And also, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

N° 23. Copy Translation of a Persian Address from combe, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this the Canongoes, See. of Sylbet, presented by the Col- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s lector: And also, Chamber.

N# 24. Copy of Letter from the Acting Colletftor of Mcorjhcdabad, and Copy Translation of a Persian A Bill for conflicting the Church of Saint Giles, in Pontefaft

Address from the Zemindars of Rocunpore, See. See. the Parish of Pontefract, in the County of York, the Church Bill transmitted by him: And also, Parish Church, was read a Second Time. commi

N° 25. Copy Translation of a Persan Address from Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-

combe, Mr. Gilbert, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered,

the Canongoes of Jeliafore,presented by their Vakeel And a so,

N® 26. Copy Translation of a Address from'

Accounts 6t Annual Kevenues and Cha'ges, Sfa of the East India Com* pauy, ordeicd.

*5°.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Cuf-torns, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Aqnual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude-, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1787-8, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude -, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the "East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern CirCars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms or Licences for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Se3 or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of 'Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms or Licences, for the Year 1787-8, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars; distinguishing the same respectively, under the several Heads of Civil and Military, buildings and Fortifications, and colluding the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences, for

hinii. A, 17891

Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil/ Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications; and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs* for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences, for the Year 1787-8, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements j distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at,

so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges of those Presidencies respectively, and also the Expences of the Presidency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, of the Island of Saint Helena, and of the Factory at Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices j together with the latest Estimates of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Refourcesand Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th Day of April 1788 to the ift Day of May 178(7, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 30th Day of April 1788 to the ift Day of May 1789, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 30th Day of April 1788 to the ift Day of May 1789, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a General Abstract of the Estimates of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Presidencies of Fort

William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, between the 30th Day of April 1788 and the ift Day of May 1789, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company, at their respective Presidencies and Settlements Abroad, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of Goods from the East Indies, between the ift Day of March 1788 and the ift Day of March 1789, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, paid or to be paid thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the ift Day of March 1789 to the ift Day of March 1790, and the Amount of 1 Customs,

29 Geo. III.

*5° J

461

Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize to be paid thereout.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sales of the Goods from Chilian between the ift Day of March 1788 and the ift Day of March 1789, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, paid or to be paid thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the ift Day of March 1789 to the ift Day of March 1790, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize to be paid thereout;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same flood upon the ift Day of March 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the

Westminster Society £.11 ricfeircd.

Treasury of the East India Company on the ill Day of His Majesty

Ordered, That the Lord Baybam do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The IFeflm infer Society for granting Annuities upon, and irifuring of, Lives and Sur-vivorships, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do malce the Report from Report Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to

Committee on

Motion for Sill for Relief to Pastor% &c. of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

March 1788, and of their Receipts and Payments in England, from the ift Day of March 1788 to the ill Day of March 1789; together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments from the ift Day of March 1789 to the ill Day of March 1790.

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read and are as followeth j viz.

Resolvea, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Deficiency of

bring in a Bill for granting Relief to Pallors, or Minis- That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Thirty

reported*

ters, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland,

Resolved, That this, House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Henry Hoghton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting Relief to Pallors, or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

last Year's Grants,

one thousand Six hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Secret Service, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-one thousand Three hundred Forty-ttfo Pounds and Thirteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty’s Secret Service Abroad, and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Two hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Order, in pursuance of the Address of this House, for, carrying on and completing the Works at Carleton House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Afi»c*n Forts. That a Sum, not exceedingThirteen thousand Pounds,

Works at

Carleton

House*

Bill ordered*

And Sir Henry Hoghton moved the House accord- be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repair-

ingly. ing, maintaining, and supporting the Forts and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Settlements on the £oaft of Africa. granting Relief to Pallors, or Ministers, and Lay Per- The said Resolutions being severally read a Second fons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland: And Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-

that Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Henry Dundas, and Mr. upon, agreed to by the House.

Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to

Bill for railing

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exdhequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

Loans or Exchequer Bills presented.

Bath Streets, An ingrossed Bill for protecting and securing the Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by a Sum by

&C. Bill paired. pjot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from T- — 17 — 1 ----- -n:1*- r-- 0 — - — 1'oan,or Ex*

- Injury by Encroachments arid Annoyances, for en-

larging or re-building the present Pump Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths,

Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine: And

be. An Act for protesting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from Injury by Encroachments ^nd Annoyances, for enlarging or re-building the present Pump Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages,

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills presented.

the same was received j and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

a

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to . preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and the wilfully and maliciously destroying any and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious. Woollen, Silk, Linen* or Cotton Goods, dr any Im-

Vol. XLIV. 6 B plcments

Committee on Bdj for preventing destroying Ships* See. in Scot-lai*L

Supply deferred*

Ways and Mrans deterred.

Committee 01 Debtois Bill*

Committee on Slave Trade*

4 6z 15° — i 6°Janii. A. 1789.

plements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Sinclair took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir JohnSinclair reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put? That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair j.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j"2Ma;| JK

Tellers for the Noes, { $*J; \ «.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative;

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State- of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dotben took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and

Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock j

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 16° die Junii;

Anno 290 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

ANT HO NT Charles Benjamin Saladin took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Sir John Sinclair, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made, to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Reporc in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the several Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Third, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pbelips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pbelips reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Relief to Pallors, or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln’, which Bill was, upon Thursday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That. His Majesty, 8 having

Saladin (worn.

Bill for preventing destroying Ships, See. in Scotland! reported*

Committee on Knights of Shirts Elc&ion Bill*

Bill for Relief to Pallors, &c* in Scotland, presented.

King’s Consent to Denton inclosure Bill.

29 Geo. III.

16° Junii.

4^3

having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is. concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think Et.

King’* Con-lent to Mai lion upon Dove In-dolure Bill.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of upon Dove, Hatton, Horn, and Hoon Hay, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of Derby; which

An Account of the Quantity of Tobacco imported Tobacco im-into, and exported from, Great Britain, for the last and e*'

Forty Years, distinguishingeach Year: And also, p ' '

An Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties on Produce of Tobacco, in the Years ending the ioth of on To"

1786, 1787, and 1788: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels Ship* d ared that cleared from the Ports of Liverpool and Bristol to the Coast of Africa,in the Years 1785, 1786, >1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Clearance, the Number of her Men,

from Liverpool and Bristol to Africa*

Bill was, Yesterday, reported from the Committee to including Officers, her Tonnage, and the Date and

Accounts relating to Tobacco, ordered.

Instruction to explain At\

*5 Geo. III. respectingTwo and Three Wheel Carriages.

whom the same had been committed }

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think Et.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tobacco imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, for the last Forty Years, distinguishipg each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Nett Produce of the Duties on Tobacco, in the Years ending the ioth of October 1786, 1787, and 1788.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein " mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise and " the Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also

Place of her Registry: And also,

A Paper, intituled, Extracts of such Journals of Extr*a* of the Surgeons employed in Ships trading to the surg"on»°/m- Coast of Africa, since the ift of August 1788, as ployed in Slav* " have been transmitted to the Custom House in - Sh, P*

" don, and which relate to the State of the Slaves during the Time they were on Board the Ships."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the Two first of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Duties now payable on Tobacco.

Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts, and the said Paper, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

it

Complaint being made to the House of a Paragraph Newspaper contained in a Newspaper, intituled, " The World, coroPain* 0 " June 16 1789," printed by R. Bostock, and

sold at N° 335, Strand, opposite House, as con-

fer making further Provisions in respect to the said taining Reflections on the Proceedings of this House,

" Duties so transferred," might be read. in the Matter of the Trial of Warren Hastings,

And the same being read accordingly; Esquire;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen The said Newspaper was delivered in at the Table, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or and the Paragraph complained of therein was read.

Bills, upon the Resolutions which, upon ’Thursday last, Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, Thai the said Pa-were reported from the Committee of the whole House, ragraph contains Matter of a scandalous and libel-to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways lous. Nature, reflecting on the Proceedings of this and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Ma- House.

jesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to Addrefifor do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the His Majesty, humbly desiring His Majesty, That He the Prinlefand said Bills, for explaining the said Act with respect to will be graciously pleased to order the Attorney Ge- Publisher. the Duties upon Two and Three Wheel Carriages. neral to prosecute the Printer and publisher of the said

Newspaper. '

Mr. Beaufoy presented to the House, according to That the said Address be presented to His

u hanicigiving Order, a Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His w.nnC *V0‘ Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Ar-

Bill to establish a Thankfc

lution, presented.

Bill for raising- a Sum by Annuities, presented.

Lottery Bill presented.

Accounts

presented.

bitrary Power, and to commemorate, Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr,; Rose presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders

A Bill for more effectually preventing the dealing Bill for pie-or destroying of Conies in Tracts or Quantities of of'co-Ground used for the keeping and breeding thereof, m?»'commit-0' was read a Second Time. ed*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable on Tobacco, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had

directed

Committee on Tobacco Pities.

Day appointed for Second Reading ot B'M to rfts-WifhaThinkf-giving for the Resolution*

Committee on Slave Trade.

Foftrr* Estate Bill reported, and palfcd.

Mar ft on ii|»on Dove Indolu;t Bill passed.

4^4 16° — 170 Juniu A. 1789;

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next-.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were prefeoted to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dclbett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Doiben reported from the Committee,

That they had finished the Examination of the last Witness who had been before examined, in Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of 'Liverpool, and of the several other Petitions from the Town of Liverpool-, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Lburfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee Yesterday (except Mr. John Fountain) do attend the said Committee upon Lburfday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 170 die Junii;

Anno if Georgii IIP" Regis, 17^9. Prayers.

THE Lord Newhaven reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating the Sale of certain Estates late of John Fofler, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Newhaven do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of Marston upon Dove, Hatton, Ho on, and He on Hay, in the Pa-

rish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fitlds, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of Marston upon Dove, Hatton, Hoon, and Hoon Hay, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and " inclosing such of the open Parts of the District " called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of " York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," and by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said Two Acts more effectual: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing, confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement between the Reverend John Lowth, Vicar of the Parish of Burley on the Hill, in the County of Rutland, and the Right honourable George Eaxl of Winchilfeaand Nottingham, and thereby settling all Disputes and Differences which have arisen in Consequence of a Claim of Tythes made by the said Vicar, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committeei and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harston, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harston, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will % of

Krmrfbo-10113 h Forest Bill preknted*

Burley TvtNei Bill icooiic.t, ami

Harfton In clo- sure Bill parted.

Denton Tn-closure Bill parted.

Earl Tylney’t EstateBiil reported, ai.d paised.

Northey* F.Pate Hill

re-

po

pikTeJ.

and

Z9 Geo. III.

17° Junii.

4^5

of John Earl Tylney, in London, Middlesex, and E/fex, in who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately

Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money into his Custody.

thence arising in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Burton do carry the Bill

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there Wtt no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk,

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath by their Counties, as usual; and they went into West-

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Greenock Harbour Bill

passed.

O t

Tri ll of Mr,

An

Powers the Reign Act for

ingrossed

Bill for altering and enlarging the an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of of H is present Majesty, intituled, " An deepening, cleansing, and making more

minster Had accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. TteLordi

" commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, " for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and whole-

some Water, and for paving,

cleansing,

lighting,

Pefys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appropriating the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied, by the Highland Society of Scotland at

lure agreed to

Highland Society Bill.

€C and watching, the Streets and other public Places €€ within the said Town/’ was read the Third Time. ..

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title to public Uses in that Part Of the King-

be, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of dom; without any Amendment: And also, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Il:s present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepen- Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the " in:*, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Parish of in the County of Wilts, and for

Highworth Poor Bill.

u Harbours of the Town of Greenock, for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other public Places within the said* Town."

Ordered, That Mr. Anstruther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ihner.gereported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William

they, Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the fai l Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Grde>cd. That Mr. Ileneage do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminder Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; arid returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in WestminsteHall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members

appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Ato dissolve the Marriage of William John Arabia, Esquire,

with Henrietta Molyneux, his now Wife, and to enable TOreeBi’l.1 him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have passed Arabin's Di-

The Lords will proceed on Wednesday on Mr. Hastings’* Trial.

Mr. Mainwarinr reported from the Committee; to Saint Jam*, whom the Bill for providing an additional Burial Westminster, Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and Bili reported. erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in.his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, who Report E*pir. were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or ingL»wi. near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Rcfo-

there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to lutions, which they had directed him to report to the attend their Service in the House immediately; and, House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Vol. XLIV. ' 6 C the

4 66 i*7° JuniL 1789*

the Resolutions ttf the Cotntnittee were read; and are as im powers the limiting the Prices of Books," as followeth} viz. which Act was to continue in Force from the 29th Day

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of September 1739, for the Space of Seven Years, and That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the -from thence to the End of the then next Session of Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- Parliament, and which, so far as relates to the prohi-tituled, " An Act to continue an Act, made in the biting the Importation of Books re-printed Abroad, Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty and first cqmposed or written and printed in Great Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better En- , by several subsequent Acts, made in the

couragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years " Britain," which was to continue in Force until the of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Se-

49th Day of September 1767, and from thence to the venth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued which, by Three Acts, made in the Eighth, Four- from the Expiration- thereof until the 29th Day of Ceenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His 1788, and from thence to the End of the

present Majesty, was further continued from the Ex* then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and piration thereof until the 29th Day of September 17$%, fit to be continued.

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be.continued. That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the with Amendments. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the 'more effectual securing the Duties now payable on That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, For the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties with. One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail 'upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Cloth, which was to continue in Force from the 24th Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and of the Product of the British Plantations into this from thence to the End of the then next Session of Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations'of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the Sixth, Suit, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk . Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off of His present Majesty, was further tontinued from several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which was the Expiration therpof until the 24th Day of June to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th 1788, and from thence to the End of the then nejtc Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by continued.

several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh Year Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibic Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Vel-of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of vets, for a limited Time, and for preventing un-the Sixth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of lawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the the Reign of His present Majesty, hath been conti- Silk Manufacture," which was to continue in Force nued until the 24th Day of June 1788, and from for the Term of Five Years, from the 14th Day of thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- June 1766, and from thence to the End of the then liament, is near expiring, and fit to be conti- next Session of Parliament, and which, by several nued. subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh, Seventeenth,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign Majesty, was further continued until the 14th Day of of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Re- June 1788, and from thence to the End of the then *« vival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, to be continued.

* intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Co- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, chinea), during the Time therein limited, and also That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign for the free Importation of Indigo," which was to of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue. 'in Force from the 24th Day of June 1734, " continue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable

for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the " upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and End of the then next Session of Parliament, and " Grease," which was to be in Force for Three Years, which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the from the 25th Day of 1767, and from thence

Fourteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty- to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and third Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and of which, by several subsequent Acts, of the Tenth, the Seventh, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years Thirteenth,. Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-second, of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further con- and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His said Ma-tinued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day jesty, was further continued, from the Expiration of September 1788, and from thence to the End of the thereof, until the 25th Day of March 1788, and then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and from thence to the End of the then next Session fit to be continued. of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be conti-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, nued.

That so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, That an Act, made in the Twenty -sixth Year of the intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act Books re-printed Abroad, and first composed or to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and written and printed in Great Britain, and for re- Utensils, an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of *f pealing so much of an Act, made in the Eighth «« the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An " Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, *« Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts,

" of

ip Gkbi III.

17° Junlu

4*1

*' of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this'Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures t go into Parts be- yond the Seas," which was to be in Force until thO End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Two Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh and

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present directedhim to report, when the House will please to Majesty, was continued until the End of this present receive the same.

Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to bd OrderThat the Report be received To-morro# continued, with Amendments; Morning.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr, Gilbert also acquainted the Hobfe, That he was That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. Leave to fit again.

" An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Foreign Wines for the Stock of certain Foreign ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Wines in their Possessioh, at a certain Time upon House, to consider further of Ways and Means for which the Duties on Importation have been paid j railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. k< and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise," as directs that all Spirits shall be A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Biilforr.if.ng deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One lo""7e*-at which the Hydrometers, commonly called Clarke's thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was read a

chequer Hills

Second Time. commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Corrt-mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in Force until the 5th Day of Afril 1788, and which, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, was revived and continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Second, Third, Fifth, and Seventh Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Fourth, Sixth, Eighth, and Ninth Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thar a Bill, or Bills, be brought in pursuant to the Fourth, Sixth, Eighth, and Ninth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been-agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Mr. Edward fames Eliot, Sir the Earl of

Mornington, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Second, Third, Fifth, and Seventh Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills, commit-led.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way Bill for railing of Annuities, was read a Second Time. c*-"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. muted.’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Day appointed

for receiving Report from Committee on Saint George, Hanover Square, Poor &c. Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Lottery Bill of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read a Se- comroitted» cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Committee of Ways and Means.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment

of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover

Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster;

for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles,

Watch, and Patrol -, for paving, repairing, cleansing,

lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and House, upgn the said Bill.

Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish; for A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted indemnity Bill apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; co«nmi*u<1* Expences incurred on Account of the said Parish; for a°d to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, discontinuing the common Use of the Burial Ground who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-behind the Workhouse; and, for making some Al- , lifications within the Time limited by Law, and for

giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and 4 . Contraftt

terations relative to the Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

That the Order of the Day, for the House itself into a Committee of the whole consider further of Ways and Means the Supply granted to His Majesty, be

Ordered, to resolve House, to for raising now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

170 Junii.

A. 17S9,

Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants j and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of rhc Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their QualiHcations to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved’, That the Bill be committed.

> Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

PapifU Deed* An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for In-and Will* rollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and BijTpaired. for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Sir James Erskine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report Tobacco Duties.

«c

€t

€t

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties now payable on Tobacco, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol-k>weth i viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the " several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue, for permitting the Importation,of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the " European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed " Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of-Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt," upon Tobacco imported into Great Britain, and the Drawback allowed upon the

Exportation thereof from Great Britain, and also the Duties by the said Act imposed upon Snuff imported, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aDuty of Customs of One Shilling and Six Pence, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Excise of Two Shillings, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comipiftee, That a Duty of Custprps or One Penny, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, which shall be delivered for Exportation out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Excise of Two Pence, be charged «pon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth,

Production, or Manufacture, of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, which shall be delivered for Exportation out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Duty of Customs of Six Pence, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or Production of Ireland, or of the Growth or Production of His Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the Growth or Production of the United States of ,imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Excise of Nine Pence, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or Production of Ireland, or of the Growth or Pro* duftion of His Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the Growth or Pro* duftion of the United States of America, imported into Great Britain.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Customs of One Shilling and Three Pence, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Snuffj which shall be imported into Great Britain, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Excise of Two Shillings, be charged upon every PoundWeight of Snuff which shall be imported into Great Britain, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Customs of Six Pence, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Snuff which shall be imported into Great Britain, from any British Plantation in America, or from the Spanish IVefl Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Excise of One Shilling, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Snuff which shall be imported into Great Britain from any British Plantation in America, or from the Spanish West Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Customs of Ten Pence, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Snuff which shall be imported into Great Britain from any other Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Excise of One Shilling and Four Pence, be charged upon every Pound Weight of Snuff which shall be imported into Great Britain from any other Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Customs Drawback of Six Pence, be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Short-Cut Tobacco manufactured in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Excise Drawback of Nine Pence, be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Short-Cut Tobacco manufactured in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Customs Drawback of Six Pence, be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco manu^ fastured in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Excise Drawback of Eight Pence Farthing, be allowed upon every PoundWeight of Shag Tobacco manufactured in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Customs Drawback of Six Pence, be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco maftu-fastured in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize.

9 Resolved,

1

170 Junii.

469

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Excise Drawback of Seven Pence, be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco manufactured in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Customs Drawback of Six Pence, be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco manufactured in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an F.xcise Drawback of Six Pence Half-penny, be allowed upon every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco manufactured in Great , and exported as

Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons who shall manufacture Tobacco or ’ Snuff, or deal in Tobacco or Snuff, shall be obliged

to take out a Licence, Annually, for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Ten Pounds, be charged upon every Licence granted to any Person to manufacture Tobacco or Snuff.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Five Shillings be charged upon every Licence granted to any Perlor/to deal in Tobacco or Snuff within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Limits of the City of.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence, be charged upon every Licence granted to any Person to deal in Tobacco or Snuff in all other Parts of Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward fames Eliot, Sir John the Earl of Morn-

ington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

AraKnS DI- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Arabin,

Esquire, with Henrietta his now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Knight* of Mr. Pbelips, according to Order, reported from the Aiirtpgrtta." Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the several Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Third, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingioiled.

fiorfes and

Carriers Duty Bill presented.

Mr. Rrfe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels, and for explaining and amending Vol. XLIV.

an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, to whom yor)t and the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Craike Hoad enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Ma- mined, jesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and for dil'charging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulston, to the E xtent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Towns of Helmfley and New Mahon, and the Villages of Stonegrave, Oswaldkirk, and other Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, in the North Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bills

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply de* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordinglyj

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Iiw* relating ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *he British House, to consider of the Laws now subsisting relating confided? to the British Fisheries.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, BiiHorpre-upon the Bill for more effectually preventing the ftcal- filing of* ing or destroying of Conies in Tracts or Quantities Coniea. of Ground used for the keeping and breeding thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vyner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for tak- Report ob ing into Confederation the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making confcdtrcd* and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of Andevor, in the County of to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Confederation.

6 D And

17° — 18° Junii. A. 1789.

Dickinson’f Eltarc Bill repo* red, and passed.

Wehb’t Estate Bill reported, and passed.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Th at the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

THfcn 6, *, Y«.

{Mr.AldcrmanAfcww-1

,> 31. Mr. J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for indemnifying the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River ltcbin.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

!Mr. Alderman

bam Mr. Stoper:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

s

1

2.

43-

be

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die yunii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

MR. John Mitford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement for Sale of the Brewhouse and Hereditaments in and near Golden Lane, , lately belonging to Joseph Dickirfen, Esquire, deceased, and for applying Two Thirds of the Money, agreed to be paid for the Purchase of the Freehold Part of the said Brewhouse and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of Freehold Hereditaments, to be. settled in Manner in the said Act mentioned, and for such other Purposes as in the said Act mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed.him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the" said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Milford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Alilford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating the Sale of the Freehold

Estate of Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, and Harriet Ellen, his Wife, an Infant, at Bcreham, in the County of Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Mitford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Weddell reported from the Committee, to York and whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, Bui reported, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of -

kirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Outfion, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which rhey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing the wilfully burn- Bill for pre-ing or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and mali- ac Ships, ciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton &c.’in Scm. Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used in, land> Passed* the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously de- .

stroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for providing an additional Burial Saint James, Ground for the Parish of Saint James, and ^rlaToround

erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House Bill passed. for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, and

erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

Ordered, That Mr. Matnwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner,according to Order, reported from the Eillforp Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ‘oh*

more effectually preventing the dealing or destroying Coni« icport-of Conies in Tracts or Quantities of Ground used for «d-the keeping and breeding thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards

Account of Platen of Glass imported from France and Germany, ordered.

London Peti tien agamlt the Debtors

Bill.

V

Debtors* Bill deferred.

Bill for Relief to Pallors, &c. in Scotland, committed.

Report Ways and Mtafls.

Expiring

Laws#

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inrrrofled.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number, Size, and Value of Plates of Glass, imported into the Port of , from France

and Germany,from the ioth Day of 1787; distin-

guishing each Sort.

The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Lon, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors; and Setting forth. That the Gaol of gate, within the City of Londo, is the Common Gaol of the said City, and the County of Middlesex, and is at present attended with a very large Expence, which, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now (lands, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be greatly in-Creased, and become a heavy Burthen on the Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill (lands committed, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed, and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, , for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for granting Relief to Pallors, or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for ' railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in the

" Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty " Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain," which was to continue in Force until the

Twenty ninth Day of September 1767, and from thence

to the End of the then nextSefllon of Parliament, and which, by Three Acts, made in the Eighth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That i,t is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to Angle Damages and Cods of Suit, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking oft several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the hleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First, and in

the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Sixth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, hath been continued until the 24th Day of June 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Co- chinea), during the Time therein limited, and also " for the free Importation of Indigo," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1734, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the Fourteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Seventh, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 29th Day of September 1788, and from thente to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furniftied with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of

1 the

Ledbury Road* Hill seported.

Hereford Roads Hill Reported.

18° Jtinii.

A. 1789,

the Sixth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 24th Day of June 1788, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to dif- continue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and " Orrease," which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and Vrhich, by several subsequent Acts of the Tenth, Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the 25th Day of March 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Fourth, Sixth, Eighth, and Ninth, of the Resolutions which were, Yesterday, reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported and agreed to by the House.

Sir George Cornwall reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of ford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromcjberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corje , till it joins the Road from Gloucester to , was committed } That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Cor new all reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Llan-cloudy Hill and Langua Bridge, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the said City of Hereford to Hoarwitby Baffage, through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Arnendments, be ingossed.

The House being informed that Sir Samuel Hannay, One of the Members of the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, severally complaining of an undue Elettion and Return for the said City and Liberty, had some very important Business to transact Tomorrow, and on Saturday next, which required his Personal Attendance, and that any Delay would be of very material Injury to his Affairs;

And the Matter so alledged by Sir Samuel Hannay being taken down in Writing, the said Sir Samuel Hannay was sworn at the Table to the Truth thereof.

Ordered, That the said Sir Samuel Hannay have Leave to absent himself from his Attendance on the said Select Committee Tomorrow and Saturday next, on kis private Affairs.

Mr. Pulteney,from the said Select Committee, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee (in case the House Should give Leave to Sir Samuel Hannay to be absent Tomorrow and on Saturday) to move the House, that they might have Leave to adjourn, at the rising of the Committee this Day, until Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

And Mr. Pulteney moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 2 which they had directed him

to

Leave given the Westmin* tier Election Committee to adjourn.

Committee on Bill for raising a Sum by Lo^ns or Exchequer Bills.

Committee on Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

z9 Geo. III.

180 — 190 Junii.

473

Committee on Slave Trade.

Account of Ships cleared from Liverpool and Brifto) to Africa — and Extracts of Journals of Surgeons employed in Slave Ships, to be printed.

ftferred*

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave-Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness in Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of Liverpool, and of the several other Petitions from the Town of; and that he

was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Captain William Littleton) do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that cleared from the Ports of Liverpool and Bristol to the Coast of

Africa, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1738, distinguishing the N,ame of each Vessel, the Date of her Clearance, the Number of her Men, including Officers, her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry; and also, of the Paper intituled Extracts of such Journals of the Surgeons employed in Ships " trading to the Coast of since the ift of Au-

ft Ifift 1788, as have been transmitted to the Custom

" House in London, and which relate to the State of of the Slaves during the Time they were on Board u the Ships," be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 190 die Junii \

Anno 29* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1789,

Colelhill Roads recommitted Bill reported.

Prayers.

MR. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms of Three Acts, made in the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Colefhillthrough the City of Lichfield and the Town of , to the End of the County of Stafford,in the Road leading towards -

Ypl, XLIV.

ter, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and , and

City and County of the City of and for

making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill> which they had directed him to report to the Hotife; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of William Withers, of the City of York, Mr. wither*.

Esquire, dated the 17th Day of June 1789, was pre- !or

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, Provision in in Hilary Term last, the Petitioner applied to the Court ^e[Ind«ran>'y

of King’s Bench for Leave to file Informations, in the Nature of ghio Warranto, against Thomas Matthew Cochin, find James Brown, all of the City of York, requiring them to shew by what Authority they severally take upon themselves to act as Common Council Men of the saidvCity, which Informations were, by the Permission of the said Court, filed as of Easier Term; and that the principal Objection to the Title of the said several Persons to the Office of Common Council Men is, that they did not, within One Year previous to their respective Elections into the said Office, receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the Rites of the Church of England, pursuant to the Di red ions of the Corporation Ad, which passed in the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, and was restrained as to the Mode of Prosecution by a subsequent Ad, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and that the Petitioner has not instituted the present Prosecutions for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures whatever, but merely to try the Validity of the late Election of a Recorder for the said City of York, at which Election the above named Persons severally assumed the Right of acting as Common Council Men of the said City, and voted against the Petitioner, who was a Candidate for the said Office of Recorder; and that the Petitioner intends t6 proceed without Delay in the Prosecution of the said Informations, according to the Rules of the said Court of King’s Bench, in order to have the Validity of the aforesaid Elections fully difeuflfed, and decided by due Course of Law, but the Petitioner submits, that it will be impossible for him to obtain final Judgment on the said Informations before next Michaelmas Term: And therefore praying, That the House will direct such Clause to be ioferccd in the Indemnity or Qualification Bill, now depending before the House, as shall to them seem most expedient for the Purpose of reserving to the Petitioner his Right of proceeding in the aforesaid Prosecutions already commenced, according to the present established Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s iveichester Pfifon or Gaol at Ivelchester, in and for the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Com- 1 0 plaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the *

Table.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Hereford Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Third and BkM Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George p* *

,6E the

474 Junit. 1789.

.the Second, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Uancioudy Hill and and also for making, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the said City of Hereford to Passage,

through the several TownOiips or Places therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the said City of Hereford to Hoarwithy Passage, through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Geor Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ledhorr An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing

passed several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of

Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of

berrow, in the County of and Corse Lawn, till

it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thattheTitle be. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of

ford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromefberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse , till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir George Cornwall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

SaUdin'i Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Kilt committed. Paladin was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Beau-foy, the Lord Muncaster, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hatton Road Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported from

Bill reported. the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, and to the Upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester, so far as relates to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton, and Hockley Heath, in the County of Worcester, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place } and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

T* Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. h*ve agreed to Pepys;

Mr. Speaker,

"Noftpn and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An woith' &c. Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and Drainage Bill. Low Lands in the Parishes of No8om and

worth, in the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish of

Brcmfton, in the County of the City of Lincoln-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An CoventGantai Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, ChurchB, JI. passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of " Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex, for repairing and improving the Gates and

Avenues leading to the said Church, and for removing the present Watch House, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dunlton and Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fen, and"1

and Ings, in the Parish of Dunfton, in the County of Drainage Bill. Lincoln, and for draining and improving certain Parts thereof, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Metheringham, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An st. chad Act for re-building the Parish Church of Saint Chad, Church Bl,‘ in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Bill for raiGng Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Loan* o/e*. for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or cheque Bill* Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One reported, thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques: tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Bin for railing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for £f, J^'rts)^ra railing a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- Exchequer* chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou- Bill* reported, sand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Edinburgh Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-fourth and B'i* Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, pa e and of the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Qtteensferry, in the County of Linlith-

gow, and for making the same more effectual, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the Twenty.fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the % High

*9° y

475

House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Saint George, Hanover Square Poor, &c. Bill reported.

High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Brett, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City,jof Westminster, for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol, for paving, repairing, cleijnfing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish, for apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain Expences incurred on Account of the said Parish, for discontinuing the common Ufc of the Burial Ground behind the Workhouse, and for making some Alterations relative to the Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex,oh Behalf of the said Commission; and also, the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses, situate in Bond Street and Blenheim Street, and in Part of Stafford Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the

Liberty of the City of Westminst; and also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being many of them the nearest Relations or Friends of Persons whose Bodies have lately been interred in the common Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, situate in Mount Street, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel and examined Witnesses in Support of the first-mentioned Petition, and had heard Counsel in Support of the second-mentioned Petition, and had considered the third and fourth-mentioned Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trues and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 32.1. 13. being severally read a Second Time, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 32. 1. 13. which was to leave out " of lighting or cleansing," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { *£ > j a8.

Tellers for the Noes, {{£; . j 15-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 64. 1. 14. being severally read a Second Time,

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.,

The Amendment in Fo. 64. 1. 14. which was to fill the Blank with " One Half," being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " Half," and inserting the Word *( Quarter" instead thereof;

And the Question being put. That the Word " Half" stand Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 72. 1.1. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 72. 1. 1. which was to insert " may complain to the said Vestry at their First " Meeting which shall be holden after the Expiration of Three Days from the Day on which Payment of " such Rate shall have been demanded, and the said " Vestry shall and are hereby authorized and impowered, if they think fit, to hear the Matter of any " such Complaint, and give such Relief to the Person complaining as to the said Vestry shall appear just " and reasonable; and in case the said Vestry shall not think fit to hear the Matter of such Complainr,

or if the said Vestry shall hear the Matter of such " Complaint, and the Person complaining shall be " dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Vestry, every such Person shall nevertheless be obliged to pay the said Rate, and after Payment thereof,

«« but not otherwise, may, within Four Calendar <c Months next after Payment of the said Rate," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {{ } J.

Tellers for the Noes, {§[. XhZ’ring: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (F) being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause (F) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, for Power to enlarge the Infirmary, and build a Chapel, and purchase Places for employing the Poor, was read a Second Time, and amended.

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.-{Mr. J

Teller, for the Noes, [Z} «»

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, preferring the Forms of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed, or Annuities granted, and of the Transfers thereof.

And

19° Junii. . 1789.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Quedion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ‘Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill for pre- An ingrossed Bill for more effectually preventing fttaiin* of* ftcali"g or destroying of Conies in Tracts or Quan-

Cenin paired, tities of Ground used for the keeping and breeding thereof, was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually preventing the dealing or destroying of Conies in Tracts or Quantities of Ground used for the keeping and breeding thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill f«r Belief Ordered, That the Bill for granting Relief to Paf-to Pafton, Sw. tors, or Miniders, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal be printed!’* Communion in Scotland, be printed.

Accounts, &c« ordered.

Produce of Customs, Excite, Stamps, and Incidents.

D«

Sums received at the Exchequer for Public Vft.

Sums printed for Public Expenditure,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Heads of Cudoms, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789, distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Heads of Cudoms, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, from the 5 th of April 1786 to the 5 th of April 1789, distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums received at the Exchequer for the Public Use, between the 5th of January 1786 and the 5th of April 1789, not included in the Account of the T axes.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums granted for the Public Expenditure, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789, distinguishing each Year, under the Heads of Intered and Charges of the Public Debts — Exchequer Bills — Civil List — Charges on Aggregate

Fund — Navy — Army — Ordnance — Militia — Miscellaneous Services — and Appropriated Duties.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sums granted Account of all Sums granted for the Public Expend:- for Public e*. ture, from the 5th of April 1786 to the 5th of April pen lturc’ 1789, distinguishing each Year, under the Heads of Intered and Charges of the Public Debts — Exchequer Bills — Civil Lid — Charges on Aggregate Fund-Navy — Army — Ordnance — Militia — Miscellaneous Services — and, ' Appropriated Duties.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs Addition made do lay before this House, an Edimate of the Addi- *° the Custom*. tien made to the Revenue in consequence of the Schedules A and' B annexed to the Consolidation Act.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Unclaimed Account of any Portion of the unclaimed Dividends ®mden<u-of the Funds applied to Public Purposes, since the 5th of April 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Money arif.ng Account of Monies arising from the Sale of Crown' Lrom SaJ* °j Lands, and applied to the Public Use, since the 5th of r°wn April 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Undischarged Account of the undischarged Exchequer Bills on the different Taxes on Land and Malt, as they dood on and Malt, the 9th of June 1786.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an D*. Account of the undischarged Exchequer Bills on the different Taxes on Land and Malt, as they dood on the 9th of June 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Payment* into Minutes of the Court of Directors of the East India ^AcounTof Company, and their Correspondence with the Com- Balances due missioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, with respect to the Payments made by the said Directors into the India?*’ C* Exchequer, on Account of Balances due for the Subsidence of Troops in India, or for victualling the Navy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Produce of Gross and Net Produce of the Stamps in that Part of Great Britain called ScotlandT

Account when £. 191,000, advanced out

Mr. Roje presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Times within which a Sum of of CirdTiiCin One hundred and Ninety-one thousand Pounds, ad- >78*1 is ex-vanced out of His Majesty’s Civil Lid Revenues in the Year 1788, is, according to Agreement, expected to be paid.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followech;

pected to be paid, pre-lented.

An ACCOUNT of the Times within which a Sum of One hundred and Ninety-one thousand Pounds, advanced out of His Majesty’s Civil Lid Revenues in the Year 1788, is, according to Agreement, expected to be paid.

One Moiety of the Sum of One hundred and Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, advanced out of His Majesty’s Civil Lid for His Secret Service Abroad, in the Year 1788, is to be re-paid by Annual Indalments in the Space of Twenty Years, from the Twentieth Day of June 1788, and the other Moiety in the same Number of Years, from the Bird Day of Qflober 1788; together with an Intered of £.4! per Cent, for the Fird Ten Years, and at the Rate of £. 4 per Cent, for the Remainder of the Time.

Treasury Chambers, June 19th 1789.

George Ro/e.

Ordered,

BUl toestablish a Thankfgiv-ing for the Resolution, committed.

Committee on Bill for raising a Sam by Annuities*

Htmune Society Bill reported*

Committee on Lottery Bill.

29 Geo. lit 190

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniver-fary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually* the Confirmation of the People’s Rights;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, |j.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a SecondTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money* by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for incorporating and well governing the London Humane Society, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committtee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Vol. XLIV.

Juniu 477

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will, please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report b? received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the’ said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Holife, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this Hotife will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws now subsisting relating to the British Fisheries;

Resolved \That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness in Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of Liverpool, and of the several other Petitions from the Town of and that he

was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Mr. Thomas King) do attend the said Committee upon day Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments' following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 15. To Leave out "Timewill," and insert " was made to" instead thereof.

1. 33. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to for," and insert " End of this present Sef-6 F *' lion

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply dc-feritd.

Laws relating to the Smith Fisheries deferred.

Committee on Slave Trade.

Pawnbrokers Bill passed.

B’lry and Haflingden Road. Bill reported.

190 — ii° Junii.

A. 1789.

Pr. 5. 1. 3*

Pr. 7. 1. 34.

" fion of Parliament " instead thereof.

To leave out from " the" to the End of Line 5, and insert " End of this present iSef-" fion of Parliament " instead thereof.

To leave out from tf the " to the End of Line 36, and insert " End of this present Session of Parliament " instead thereof.

Pr. 15. 1. 4. To leave out from " the" to " on " in Line 6, and insert " End of this present Session of Parliament" instead thereof.

Pr. 16. 1. 37. To leave out from " the " to " if" in Line 39, and insert " End of this present Sef-" fion of Parliament" instead thereof.

Pr. 40. 1. 37. To leave out from " the " to the End of Line 39, and insert " End of this present Sef-" fion of Parliament " instead thereof.

Pr. 48. 1. 9. To leave out from the " to

" no" in Line n, and insert " End of this present Seff‘ fion of Parliament" instead thereof.

Pr. 49. 1. 3$. To leave out from " the " to " all " in Line 37, and insert " End of this present Session of Parliament " instead thereof.

Pr. 30. 1. 32. To leave out from " the " to " all " in Line 34, and insert " End of this present Session of Parliament" instead thereof.

Pr. 35. 1. 44. To leave out from "the" to " in " in Line 46, and insert " End of this present Session of Parliament " instead thereof.

Pr. 38. 1. 6. To leave out from "the" to

" extend " in Line 8, and insert " End of this present Sef-" fion of Parliament" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Hajlingden, and from thence to the East End of

Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjhutt Bridge, in the Town of Wballey, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid through New Church and to

3 'odmerden,all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend the several Knight*«f Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Eighteenth ' pi Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of King George the Third, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend the several Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of

King George ’the Third, touching the Election for

Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Captain Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

and passed.

Mr. Colhoun reported from the Committee, to whom Parson’sEibtt the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 8,11 re|'or?cd» for veiling divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford and

late the Estate of Elizabeth Parson, deceased. Wife of John Parson, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the

Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Colhoun do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock

Luncey 2 2° Junii; .

Anno 290 Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1789. Prayers.

MR. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Arab;n’« to dissolve the Marriage of William John Arabia, Dlvorce 8,11 Esquire, with Henrietta Molyneux, his now Wife, and committt to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear

Counsel,

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Mr. Arabin’* A Petition of William Arabin, Esquire, was

r^ai'o" presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of DirorcxBUI. the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner hath caused diligent Enquiry to be made after the said Henrietta Arabin, and the Place of her Abode, and having discovered, from different Informations, that the said Henrietta had been resident in Lodgings in Edward Street, Portman Square, and in Wigmore Cavendish Square, both in the County of Middlesex, the Petitioner’s Agent, on the nth Day of May last, went to Edward Street and Wigmore Street aforesaid, and made Enquiries, particularly at N° 9, in Edwatd Street, Portman Square, where he was informed that the said Henrietta had lodged, and found that Mrs. Spencer, the Person who kept the said House when the said Henrietta lived there, had removed from thence; that the Petitioner’s Agent went to the said Mrs. Spencer, who now refldes in Shepherd Street, Oxford - Road, and she informed him that the said Henrietta had lodged at her House in Edward Street aforesaid, about a Year and Half or Two Years ago, but did not then know where Ihe was, though she had heard, and believed, she was gone out of this Kingdom, but could not tell where; and the said Mrs. Spencer informed the Petitioner’s Agent, that Mr. Richard St. George and Mrs. Arabin were often together, he the said Mr. St. George coming to her House to the said Henrietta Arabin; and that the said Henrietta Arabin afterwards removed from the said Mrs. Spencer's House in Edward Street, to N° 11, in Wigmore Street, Cavendish Square, and the Petitioner’s Agent made Enquiry after the said Henrietta at the House of Mr. a

Hair Dresser, N° 12, in Edward Street aforesaid, who told the Petitioner’s said Agent he attended the said Henrietta Arabin, as a Hair Dresser, when she lodged at N" 9, in Edward Street, and also afterwards at N° 22, in Wigmore Street, but that he does not now know where she is, though he hath heard, and believes, she has left this Kingdom, and is not now in England; and that the Petitioner’s said Agent also made Enquiry at the House of Mrs. Barber, N° 22, in Wigmore Street, and was informed that the said Henrietta had not resided there since she kept the House, but referred the Petitioner’s Agent to Mrs. Wall, who lived in it before her, and the Petitioner’s said Agent, after much Trouble, and many Enquiries, for Two Days, did, on the 13th Day of May last, meet with the said Mrs. Wall, who informed him that the said Henrietta had lodged at her House, at N° 22, in Wigmore Street, about a Year and Half ago, but she did not now know where she was to be found, and that if t she did know it, she would not tell any one; and that the Petitioner’s Agent did, on the 14th Day of May last, fee IfabelEggleston, late Servant to the said Henrietta Arabin, who informed him that the said Mr. St. George, the said Henrietta Arabin, and the said Isabel Eggleston, went from the said House, N® 22, in Wigmore Street, on the 24th Day of August 1787, in Mr. St. George's Carriage, to Dover, and from thence to Boulogne fur Mer,where they staid about a Month, and from thence to Paris, where they remained until December 1787, and that in December 1787 the said Isabel Eggleston saw the said Mr. St. George and Henrietta Arabin set off in Mr. St. George's Carriage, for Italy, without-any Female Attendant, and that the said Mr. St. George and Henrietta Arabin have since been, as she apprehended, at various Places in Italy, but where they now are she cannot tell; and that the Petitioner’s said Agent did, on the same 14th Day of May, call upon Mr. Charles Bishop, of Dollars Commons, who has acted as Proctor for the said Henrietta Arabin in the Ecclesiastical Courts, in the Cause instituted by the said William John Arabin against the said Henrietta

for Adultery, and appeared as Proctor for her in the Court of Delegates in the said Cause, so late as Monday, the 4th Day of May last, and the said Charles Bishop informed him that he did hot know, nor could he inform the Petitioner’s Agent, where the said Henrietta Arabin was, so as to be met with; and that the Petitioner’s Agent has used every Endeavour in his Power to find out the said Henrietta Arabin, otherwise Molyneux, and her Place of Abode, but has not been able to discover the fame, save as before stated; and that the Petitioner conceiving, in the Month of March last, that the said Henrietta Molyneux would not be found, to be served with the Bill now depending in the House, the Petitioner’s Solicitor did, on the 17th Day of March last, fend a Letter to Mr.

Charles Bishop, the Proctor for the said Henrietta Molyneux, in which he gave the said Charles Bishop Notice, that, as soon as he had obtained Sentence of Divorce in the Ecclesiastical Court, he meant to apply for the Act he is now soliciting from the House, and that Service of such Act on the said Charles Bishop, on the peculiar Circumstances of this Cafe, might be deemed good Service on the said Henrietta Molyneux; and that Henry Arabin, Esquire, is a very material Witness for the Petitioner, and left Dublin, the Place of his Abode, on the 23d Day of May last, and came to England, to give Evidence before the House of Lords, and before this House, on' the Petitioner’s Bill, which has been attended with very great Loss and Inconvenience to him, and Business of great Moment to himselfnow requires his Presence in Ireland:

And therefore praying. That Service of the said Act, and of the Order of the House on the Second Reading thereof, on the said Charles Bishop, may be deemed good Service on the said Henrietta Molyneux, and that the said Act may be referred to a Committee of the House on an early Day, for the Reasons hereinbefore mentioned.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of February I75°» Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of Gascoyne Finch, Agent for Godfrey Copley, of, Sprotbrough, in the County of York, Esquire, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that John Johnson was attending at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of the Allegations contained in the said Petition.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Service of the said former Orders of this. House, and of this Order, upon the said Charles Bishop, and leaving an attested Copy of the said ingrossed Bill with him, be deemed good Service of the same upon the said Henrietta Molyneux.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms of Three Coiwhiii Acts, made in the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the P Roads from Colejhill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms of Three Acts, made in the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads frdm Colejhill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Cheficr, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of

IFar wick

Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Tobacc* Bill Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the

prciented. House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

AnHevorCanal An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Bill paired. Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of

vor, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of , in the County of Southamptonto or near in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hatton Road An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Pow-Btil paired. ers an of Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, and to the Upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of cefier, fp far as relates to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton and Hockley Heath, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, and to the Upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester, so far as relates to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton and Hockley Heath, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augufius William Shuckburgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Loum Bill Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the irponed. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Committee :p- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to confi-cont'icr Acts t‘er how far the Provisions of Two Acts, parted in

the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of His forwefling present Majesty’s Reign, for erecting certain Light Light Hour<* Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, have ,nScotl,md-been carried into Execution, and to report the same to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dempfier,

Mr. Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- ®dlu^rbraiGBS der, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuiti*, Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of with Btnefitof Survivorship in Clafies: And the same was received, p"rf’lnvt^lip* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Scotch Diiuu last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for i«y Act to " discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Du- con ldere *

" ties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spi- rits, and upon Worts, Wafti, and other Liquors,

there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for " granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu there- of, and for better regulating the Exportation of " British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England-, and to continue, for a

<c limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to dif- continue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home " Consumption, and for granting and securing the *,* due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and " for the better Regulation of the making and vend-tc ing British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a " limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from ‘The West Indies,'* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly,

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said eonfiJered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bting in a Bill for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, *« An Act for discontinuing, for a limited " Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon " Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash,

" and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation «c of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other " Duties in lieu thereof, and for better regulating <c the Exportation of British-made Spirits from " land to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and " to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the " Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and *c securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu

thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and fc Duties

Scotch Siftil-lery Bill ordered.

Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills pafltd.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills passed*

Horses and Carriages Duly Bill committed.

Westminster Society Bill deferred*

Indemnity Bill deferred.

Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The " West Indies."

And Mr. Steele moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the " several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines " and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other " Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, " and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in <r Lieu thereofj and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to ,c Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present *c Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the " Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and " securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu " thereof; and for the better Regulation of the maleing and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties ct upon Rum and Spirits imported from ‘The West Jn-<c dies:" And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine,. was- read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the if ear One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for rarfing a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Erghcy-nine, was read the'Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the if ear One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill lor granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named 'The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of, Lives and Survivorships ;*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Voi. XUY.

upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted1 to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by, Law,.and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have befcn omit.c l to be stamped according to Law, or, haying b< i n stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for-alL-vu.g them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped} t > give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Ccr.tracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for y-'demr.iTying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose-;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refolye itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

jestyi

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws now subsisting relating to the British Fisheries.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Johnftone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Johnftone reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to jhenrr referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws now subsisting relating to the British Fisheries.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Do/ben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from t)>e Committee,

6 G That

Bill for ra‘fir.£ a Sum !>y Annuities deterred.

Way* anti Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

Committee on Laws relating to the Britidi Fisherie*.

Committee on Slave Trade.

482- 22° — -2 A* 178 9.

Knirefbo-rongh Forest Bill committed.

York and Craike Road Bill passed.

Account* of Produce of First Fruits ^relented.

That they had examined several other Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of Liverpool, and of the several other Petitions from the Town of; and

that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-consider’further of the Circumstances of the Slave Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Mr. Alexander Anderson)' do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to

rfiajce a Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and,

A Bill for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and " inclosing such of the open Parts of the District " called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of ft York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof,. ‘r and for other Purposes therein mentioned," and by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said Two Acts more effectual, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Evening, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teri of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 30 Junii;

Anno 29° Georgii III'" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of Ofvaldkirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulston, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the said Road in Sutton through Craike, towards Oulston, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Bacon, Receiver of the First Fruits and Tenths, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Revenue of First Fruits, from the 5th January 1786 to the 5th January 1789: Ahd also,

Ah Account of the Net Produce of the Revenue of First FrUitS; from the 5th April 1786 to the 5th April 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts Were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved 'amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Warren, from Account of the Office for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the HaJter* and Bar, presented to the House,' pursuant! to their Or- Pillars pic-ders, fented.

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, &c. from the 5th January 1786 to the 5th January 1789, and from the 5th April 1786 to the 5th April 1789; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Cooke, from Accounts of the Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; he

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, BUUon'und pursuant to their Orders, and Mdt pro-

An Account of the undischarged Exchequer Bills fcnted* on the different Taxes on Land and Malt, as they flood on the 9th of June 1786: And aljp,

An Account of the undischarged Exchequer Bills on the different Taxes on Land and Malt, as they flood on the 9th of June 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Wybcrton doling the several Parcels of Common Fen,' and other Bai

Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of Wyberton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of Wyberton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln. ’

Ordered, That Mr. Dudley North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to HadJiefey whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, Bi?i

the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and reported. Waste Grounds, within the Townships of West fey, Chapel Haddlefey, East Haddlefey, and Temple,

in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax

Pontefract Church Bill reported*

feeport front "Westminster Election Committee respect-ingLord Maitland's lllnefi.

Tax at the Sum of £! 8r. 1 who. were not applied to, or could not be met with; and also, except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of £.3. 9J. 8 dwho refused to consent to the Bill; and

that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided, and inclosed, and drained, by the said Bill, are rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of £. 123. 3J. 3I; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for constituting the Church of Saint Giles, in the Parish of Ponttfratl, in the County of York, the Parish Church, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him tp report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the Housei.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Select Committee,

appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and also, the Petition.of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty; That the said Committee met this Day, at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Yesterday, and the Lord Viscount Maitland, One of the Members of the said Select Committee, not attending, the Committee continued to fit for One Hour, and then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House being informed that Lord Maitland was ill, and that Mr. Moore, Apothecary, attended at the Door, who could give the House Information respecting the present State of Lord Maitland's Health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, and acquainted the House, That Lord Maitland was very much indisposed, and Confined to his Cham-. ber, and could not have attended the said Committee this Day, without great Danger to his Health, and that, in his Opinion, his Lordship would not be able to attend the said Committee again for some Time.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Excuse now made on Behalf of the said Lord Viscount Maitland, for his Non-Attendance this Morning, be allowed; and that he have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

Junii. 483

The House being informed that Mr. Ram/ay, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Babar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and under the

Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, £oft Office Collections, Benares Revenue,. Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal,

Babar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude-, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 3. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Babar, and and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium for the Year 1787-8, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances iand Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Port Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of and Rajah of -jore. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic, and in the Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 6. A Comparison of the Estimated and A&uai Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of Arcot and Rajah of Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1787-8, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguish-

ing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Custortis, so far as the same can be made up: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Qustoms, and Farms and Licences, 3

Accounts of Annual Revenues and Charges, Sec of the East India Company — Mr* Grant's Letter to Lord Cornwallis relative to the Salt Revenue - — and, Correspondence with respect to Payments into the Exchequer on Account of Balances due for Subsistence of Troops, Stem in India, presented*

for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame:-And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of bay , and the Settlements Subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and CustomS, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 9. A Comparison of the Estimated.and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1787-8, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same under the re-Jpective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N# 10(a). An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, dras, and Bombay, so far as can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges of those Presidencies respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N® 10 (b).An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame; And also,

N* 10 (c). An Account of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena, and of the Factory at Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices:' And also,

N° 11. A Paper, intituled, *« Return to the Order " of the Honourable House of Commons of the 15th u of June 1789, requiring an Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of " the Bengal Government, from the 30th Day of April 1788 to the ift Day of May 1789:" And also,

N° 1 a. An Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 30th Day of April 1788 to the ift Day of May 1789: And also,

N° 13. An Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the 30th Day of April 1788 to the ift Day of May 1789: And also,

N° 14. A Paper, intituled, t( Return to the Order *c of the Honourable House of Commons, of the 15th " of June 1789, requiring General Abstract of the Estimates of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort " Saint George, and Bombay, between the 30th Day of April 1788 and the ift Day of May 1789, according to the latest Advices And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also.

N° 17. An Account of the Sales of Goods from the East Indies, between the ift Day of March 1788 and the ift Day of March 1789, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize paid or to be paid thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the ift Day of March 1780 to the ift Day of March 1790, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout: And also,

N° 18. An Account of the Sales of the Goods from China, between the ift Day of March 1788 and the ift Day of March 1789, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, paid or to' be paid thereout; together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the ift Day of March 1789 to the ift Day of March 1790, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout: And also,

N° 19. The Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same stood upon the ift Day of March 1789: And also,

N® 20. An Account of the Balance of Calli which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the ift Day of March 1788, and of their Receipts and Payments in England, from the 1 ft Day of Match 1788 to the ift Day of March 1789; together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments from the ift Day of March 178910 the ift Day of March 1790: And also,

Copy of a Letter from James Grant, Esquire, to the Right honourable Earl Cornwallis, Governor General of Bengal, dated the 31st of 1788, relative

tt> the Revenue arising from Salt in: And

also.

Minutes of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and their Correspondence with the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, with respect to the Payments made by the said Directors into the Exchequer, on Account of Balances due for the Subsistence of Troops in India, or for Victualling the Navy.

Together with Lifts of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, ‘

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Head of Excise, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Head of Excise, from the 5th of April 1786 to the 5th of April 1789; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

» Mr.

Accounts of Produce of Excise Taxes presented*

29 Geo. III.

i 30 Junii.

485

Report respect- Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, inp Scot :h who were appointed to consider how far the Provi-Light Housei. j-,ons of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, have been carried into Execution, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the same to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Four Light Houses described in the said Acts have been erected, particularly a Light House at a Place called The on the South West

Point of the Mull of which is found to be of

great Importance to the Navigation of Ships passing to and from the Northern Channel, but not to Ships passing to and from the Firth of through the

Southern Channel: That it would conduce greatly to the Security of fych Navigation through the Southern Channel, if another Light House was erected upon the South End of the Island of Arran, or upon the Island of Plada near the fame, which may be done without any Increase of the Duties: authorized to be levied by the said Two recited Acts: And that it would greatly conduce to the Safety of Ships, and the Preservatipti of the Lives of Seamen, in the dark and tempestuous Season of the Year, if the Commissioners were authorized to erect such other Light Houses in those Seas as the Duties raised on the: Tonnage of Ships may afford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain: And that Mr. and Mr.

das do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account* of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fe-venue*and" vera^ Accounts, Returns, and Abstracts, which were Charge*, &<. this Day presented to the House by Mr. Ram/ay, from of the East in- the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, dia Company, as |^ajj fufjjcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

to be printed.

Mr. Grant’* Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Let-Lcnerto Lord ter from James Grant, Esquire, to the Right honour-Cornwaihs,re- a(3je £arj Corns.vallis, Governor General of Bengal,

lative to the Salt Revenue in Bengal, to be printed.

dated the 31st of October 1788, relative to the Revenue arising from Salt in , be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

wineRetailers Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, subjecting the Retailers of Wine only, to the same Regulations and Restrictions as the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors are now subject to by Law: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Burges, and Mr. Mainwaring, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Manufacturer* thereunto subscribed, being Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was gainfttheTo- presented to the House and read; Taking Notice of w Dthc gin for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the Regulations contained in the said Bill to be wholly inapplicable to their Manufactories, and that they shall be very much aggrieved thereby, without any Advantage accruing to the Revenue therefrom: And _ therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Vol. XLIV.

bacco Bill.

A Motion was made* and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " until the said Bill be read a Second Time, and that the Petition-ers be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said *« Bill, upojj their Petition, if they think fit."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

It passed yi the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Manufacturers of Tobacco Petition from and Snuff, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of Tobaccoand the Bill for repealing The Duties on Tobacco and Snuff against Snuff, and for granting hew Duties in lieu thereof; ob*cco and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that the Extension of the Excise Laws to their Trade is utterly impracticable, and will greatly aggrieve the Petitioners, without the Revenue deriving any Advantage therefrom: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel^ against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief therein as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Petition from -others, residing in the County of Suffolk, directly fh^bofiiioo* -concerned, and otherwise interested, in the Manufac- of the Slave tories of Woollens for the African Slave Trade, was prefenced to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Slave Trade is of very great Importance to the Commerce and Manufacturers of that Part of the Country, and any Law, tending to the Abolition thereof, would be attended with Ruin to great Numbers of poor Families, whose Bread is dependant upon the weaving and otherwise preparing of those Articles; and that many of the Petitioners have adventured a great Part of their Property in Materials for carrying on the said Branch of Manufacture, which, not being properly adapted to any other Market, would become of very little Value to the Petitioners:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the,

Premises into Consideration, and allow them fuchRe^ lief and Indemnification as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Order for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, suT^Trade011 to consider further of the Circumstances of the Slave disthargtd. Trade, complained of in the several Petitions which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relative to the State of the African Slave Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, early in the next JWolmion Session of Parliament, proceed to consider further of thtrei"Pon> the Circumstances of the Slave Trade complained of in the said Petitions.

6 H The

African Slav* Bill ordered.

Call diichaxg-td.

Saint George,. Hanover Square, Poor &c. Bill passed.

2 30 Junii.

Ar. 1789,

The House was moved. That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and cartying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of *« Africa" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. William Mr. Beaufoy, and Mr. Burges, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish; for apportioning and allowing the Payment of certain Expences incurred on Account of the said Parish; for discontinuing the common Use of the Burial Ground behind the Work-house; and for making some Alterations relative to the Meetings of the Vestry of the said Parish, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Spirituous Liquors being carried into the Work-house.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read Twice with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed. Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a ' Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Jtfepb Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Joseph Mawbey accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the present

Collectors shall continue till new Ones are appointed.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way Of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byWay of Ryder, for giving Notice of the Rates in the Church.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for appointing additional Overseers of the Poor.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving Costs upon Appeals.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question-put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

' Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Sum to be raised for paving and lighting.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

~ To leave out " and Chapels."

To leave out from "of" to "Two" in I.35.

To leave out from " And " to " Be" in 1. 13.

1. 13. To leave out " therefore," and insert " further " instead thereof.

1. 14. To leave out "said."

1. 18. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of 1. 19.

1. 36. After " filled" to insert " or shall " restrain the depositing in the " said Burial Ground the Corpfc " of any Person whose Relatiens have been heretofore " buried in the said Burial " Ground."

Pr. 60. 1. 38. After " Committee" to insert " relating to such Bill or Deniand."

Pr. 68. 1. 26. After " Poor " to insert " or to " the Highways."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Sai George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating to the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

Pr. 2. 1. 3-

Pr. S- 1. 33’

Pr. 19. 1. 1.

1. *3-

1. 14.

1. 18.

1. 36.

L.o ne

29 Geo. III. 230 — 240 Junii, 487

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself Act (or*«icou- *nto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill ra-ing the to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign Cu tivation of Qf His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for en-"*» e* couraging the Cultivation, and for the better Pre- servation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow^ Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Bill toestablish The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Thankfgiv- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hbufe Resolution, upon the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary deferred. Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for raising The Order of the Day being read, for the Second nuitiM,bwitt»n" Reading of the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money , Benefit’of Sur- by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit f«rtdh p’d* Survivorship in Clafies j

nr* Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

fXUS. °" The Houre> according to Order, resolved itself into BUl. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to

indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cine'S, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and forgiving further Time for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bill for raising Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of-Annuities w ^e House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain deferred. Sum of Money, byWay of Annuities, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- L*w relating ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws now subsisting fared, relating to the British Fisheries.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 24° die Junii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentle- Royal Afoot man Ulher of the Black Rod: 10

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impoweringHis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highncls the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, named also in the said Commiflipn, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said.

Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty " Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name and Style of Northumberland Fishery Society, and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Capital Joint Stock, for more effectually supporting, conducting, and increasing such Fishery:

; An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the First,

Fifth, and Seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-building, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of

York:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne,otherwise called and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lan-

caster.


caster, in the County Palatine of and for

other Purposes therein mentioned *.

An Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of and

banworth, in the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish of Branston, in the County of the City of Lin-

coln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fen and Ings, in the Parish of Dunfton, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving certain Parts thereof, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of in

the said County:

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of j

" for repairing and improving the Gates and Ave- nues leading to the said Church j and for remov-,cing the present Watch House, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish

An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop, and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery:

An Act for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to Temple Street, in the City of London, and also a public Passage from such new Street towards Lane, and for Hopping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and letting out others near to or communicating with such new Street and Passage:

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways, within the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hajling, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments, within the said Town and Port:

An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faver in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for appropriating the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the Forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh to public Uses in that Part of the Kingdom:

An Act; for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of High worth, in the County of and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish:

An Act for re-building the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of Montgomery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof by Sale of certain Waste Lands in the Townships of Globwlcband Bacbau, in the said County:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, and from the Place where the Watch House in Edmonton formerly Hood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of dleficx, and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof, and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Bush Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term of, and amending,

an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Gate, near Carlifie, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulaftde, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binfiey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck,in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Penifion, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chafier, to Act on Bridge, near in the fame

County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to the Turnpike Road on Pem-bury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four IVents, near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dinbam

to the End of the Parish of Timsbury, and also the Road from Midjomer Norton to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips, and also the Road from Tucker's Grave to the Road leading from tVellow to a Place knowh by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerfiet; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kilmerfidon, in the said County, to join the Road from Buckland Dinbam aforesaid, in the Street of Radstock, in the said County:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Cross Hands in Teddington Field, in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcester, to the London Turnpike Road between Evesham and Perjhore, in the said County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, of the First, Seventeenth, and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Evesham, and several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester:

An Act for establishing, confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement between the Reverend John Lowth, Vicar of the Parish of Burley on the Hill,in the County of Rutland, and the Right honourable George Earl of WinchilJea and Nottingham, and thereby settling all Disputes and Differences which have arisen in Consequence of a Claim of Tythes made by the said Vicar:

An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will o{^ General Philip Honywood, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in paying off a Mortgage now due and owing on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Bazil Fitzherbert, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Parts of the settled Estates remaining unfold:

An Act to enable Richard , Esquire, natural

Guardian of his Infant Daughters, Elizabeth Moland, 4 Anna

20 Geo. III. 24° Junii. 489

Anna Maria Mol and, Lstitia Mar lbs and

Margaret Lucy Mo land, and, in case of his Death, the future Guardian or Guardians of his said Daughters, during their Minorities, to grant Building Leases of One undivided Moiety of certain Lands, in the Parishes of Birmingham, and AJlrn near Birmingham, in the County of and to lay out

convenient Streets, Ways, and Passages, to the Buildings to be erected thereon:

An Act for vesting divers undivided Parts of certain Estates in Staffordshire, the settled Property of the Reverend Jonas Slaney, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in entire Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trullees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Earl Tylney, in London, and Essex, in Trullees, to be sold, and for laying out

the Money thence arising in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses:

An Act for effectuating the Sale of certain Estates late of John Fojter, deceased:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Nor they, Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trullees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for effectuating the Sale of the Freehold Estate of Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, iand Harriet Ellen, his Wife, an Infant, at Borebam, in the County of

Effexx

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement for Sale of the Brcwhouse and Hereditaments in and near Golden Lane, London, lately belonging to Joseph Dickinson, Esquire, deceased, and for applying Two-Thirds of the Money, - agreed to be paid for the Purchase of the Freehold Part of the said Brcwhouse and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of Freehold Hereditaments, to be settled in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and for such other Purposes as in the said Act mentioned:

An Act to enable the Tenants for Life, and other Persons in Possession, or entitled to the Rents of the Estates comprized in certain Indentures of Settlement, one made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, with Ann his Wife, and the others made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid. Gentleman, with Mary his Wife, to grant Leases; and for other Purposes:

An Act to enable the Reverend William Lloyd to complete his Contraft with Jacob Esquire,

for Saje of Part of his settled Estates, and veiling the remaining Part of the same Estates in Trustfees for Sale:

An Act to enable Sir John Ingilby, Baronet, to charge his settled Estates in the County of York, in the Manner therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Real Estates late of Francis Bine, of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trullees, to sell and convey the fame, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner and upon the Trulls therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings of Odiham, Hillfide,

Rye, and ‘Stapely,in the Parish of Odibam, in the County of Southampton:

Vol. XLIV.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arabic Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in Holder-ness, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the fame, and several other Commons within the said Township:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Banham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafr tures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Normanby next Spittal, in the County of Lincoln-:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Parish of South Ki, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlets of Bourton and in the

Parish of Sbrivenham, in the County of Berks:

An Act to enable Arthur Annesley Roberts, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Nantes:

An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gemfa.

Ordered, That the 'Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to minster Hall, and furqmon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this 'House, do go,' with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westm Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at "the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed that Mr. Church, Deputy Accountant General of the Poll Office, attended at the Door} he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Poll Office,

6 I for

Trial of Mx. Hidings.

Accounts of

Produce of Poll Office prefen led.

49°

for Three Years, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789; distinguishingeach Year: And

also,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Post Office, for Three Years, from the jth of April 1786 to the 5th of April 17895 distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered^That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account* of The House being informed that Mr. Se-

SahfDuties cretary of the Salt Duties, attended at the Door; presented. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Salt, from 5th January 1786 to 5th 1789;

distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on %Salt, from 5th April 1786 to 5th April 1789 5 distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the v other Papers of this Session.

Indemnity Bill Sir Joseph Mawbey, according to Order, reported reported. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to reporc to the House*, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read ' throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon' the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Bill for railing , Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Annuities, Reading of the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Mo-with Benefit ney by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the miSU«om°r* of Survivorship, in Classes, be now read,

mitted. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time, and committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A. 1789.

Ordered, That Mr. Roje do mike the Report from Bill for nuCng the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Aonuiui* for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of An- reported? nuities, was committed.

Mr. Ro/e accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Expiring Order, a Bill to continue several Laws therein men- La^* tioned relative to the better Encouragement of the pi,en making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain 5 to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts heyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Inflruaion to Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited bring in Scotch " Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines Diihiiery Bill. " and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties " in Lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of " the making and vending Britis Spirits; and for " discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending and continuing, for a limited Time,

an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time,

" the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low " Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and " other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of " Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to;

" and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time,

" the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and " Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting ,c and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the l< making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and

" Duties

240 Junii.

Accounts of Pi oduce of Customs prefen ted.

Horses and

Carriages Duty Bill deferred.

Ways and Meant def erred.

Supply deferred.

Scotch Distillery Bill presented.

29 Geo. III. 240 Junii.

491

" Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from " West Indies," That they do make Provision in the said Bill for reviving and continuing the said Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Head of Customs, from the 5th January 1786 to the 5th January 17895 distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly be- > longing to the Income of the Year: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Head of Customs, from the 5th April 1786 to the 5th April 17895 distinguishing each Year, and

distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year, as far as the same can be made out.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

Resolved, That this House vyill. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

- And the said Order being read accordingly 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinuing, for a " limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland " upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, *« Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillatien of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty " other Duties in Lieu thereof^ and for better regu-<c lating the Exportation of British-ma.dc Spirits from '< England to Scotland, and from to

*c and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, " the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and " Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting

"and securing the due Payment of other Duties in * Lieu thereof 5 and for the better Regulation of the

*« making and vending British Spirits 5 and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The " West Indies 5" and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act: And the same was received 5 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Lottery Bill certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was P*®*®* read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Petition for unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and reads Taking No- thw*ftm?n-tice of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein fterSocictyBiU. named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships 5 and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are desirous of being enabled to purchase Annuities upon Lives: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Relief to Pastors, or Minis- so Scotland, ters, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hogbton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hogbton reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Scotch Light Order, a Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Light Houses in the preenc Northern Parts of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That. the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the Answ«r to House, That their Address of the 16th Day of this Addrtft. Instant June (humbly desiring His Majesty that rfc will be graciously pleased to order the Attorney General to prosecute the Printer and Publisher of a Newspaper, intituled, *« The World, June 16,

.*' 1789," containing Reflections on the Proceedings of this House, in the Matter of the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire) had been presented to His Majesty 5 and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered,

49*

*4° Juniu A. 1789.

Committee «i Ordered, Tliit the Order of the Day, for the House to

Aa torencoo- rtf°)ve into a Committee of the whole House, to raging the confiaer further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in Trtca^&e" ^'xt^ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, " and for the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Account of Sums received it the Exchequer for Public Use presented.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Exchequer* attended at the Door \ he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Sums received at the Exchequer for the Public Use, between the 5th of January 1786 and the 5th of April 1789, not included in the Account of the Taxes.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts of Produce of Stamps presented.

The Hbufe being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in 1 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Head of Stamps, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1780; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also.

Ah Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, under the Head of Stamps, from the £th of April 1786 to the 5th of April 1789}'distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums not properly belonging to1 the Income of the Year: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Gross and Net Pro- duce of the Stamps in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, for One Year, to the ift of " 17S8." _

And then he withdrew.;

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts'and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ponttfraft An ingrossed Bill for constituting the Church of Ch""h 8,11 Saint Giles, in the Parish of in the County

'" of York, the Parish Church, was read the Third

Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill*

Pr. 2. 1. ult. To leave out from " case,r to *c shall," in Pr. 3. 1. 1. and in-

fert *c this A ft had not been made " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for constituting the Church of Saint Giles, in the Parish of Pontefract, in the County of York, the Parish Church, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, irrclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of WestHaddlefey, Chapel Haddl East Haddlcfey, and

TempleHirft, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the^Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of West Haddlefey, Chapel Haddlefey, and East Haddlefey, and Hirft,in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Papers received since the Date of the Report of the Committee for Trade, on the Subject of the Trade to Africa, and particularly the Trade in Slaves j viz.

N* t. Extract of a Letter from Consul Traill, dated Tunis, 1st February 1789, and from Consul Matra, dated Tangiers, 28th March 1789, to the Right honourable Lord Sydney, giving an Account of the Trade carried on by Means of the Caravans from the Governments on the BarbaryCoaft, to the interior Parts of

Africa: And also,

N° 2. Message from Governor Orde to the Council and Assembly of the Island of Dominica, dated 16th December 1788, with the Answers of the Council and Assembly thereto: And also,

N° 3. Answers of a Committee of the Council and Assembly of the Bermuda Islands to the Heads of Enquiry respecting the Treatment of Negro Slaves, &c. &c, with Remark* of Lieutenant Governor Hamilton upon the said Answers: And also,

N° 4. Extract of a Letter from Governor Party to the Right honourable Lord Sydney, dated Barbadoes, August 18th 1788* with Eight Inclosures on the Subject of Negro Slaves in the said Island* viz.

ift. Further Answers to the Heads of Enquiry relative to Slaves, from Governor Parry.

2d,. Queries from His Excellency Governor Parry,answered by a Planter of 1,068 Acres, in the Parishes of Saint John, Saint Philip, and Saint George, in the Island of Barbadoes.

3d. Account of the Number of Slaves that have departed the Island of Barbadoes during the lait Six Years.

4th. Abstract of the Increase and Decrease of the different Parishes in the Island of Barbadoes, from ill January to 31st December 1787 and Lift of the Council.

5th. An Account of Twenty-two Plantations in Barbadoes, 1788.

'6th. An Act to amend an Act, intituled, An Act for the governing of Negroes."

7th. Copy of Two Acts, the One for providing a proper Maintenance for such Slaves as shall be manumitted, &c. and the other for preventing 8 distempered

Haddlefey Inclosure and Drainage Bill passed.

Paper* respc^. ing the Slay0 Trade presented.

Accounts of

Produce of Taxes received in the Hackney Coach Office presented.

Tobacco Bill committed.

29 Geo. III.

493

distempered Negroes, &c. from infefting the Streets, &c.

8th. Extract from the Minutes of Council of the Island of Barbadoes,of 18th 1789:

And also,

N° 5. Saint Christopher's — An Account of the free

White Inhabitants, free Coloured People, and Slaves, in the Parishes of Saint 'Thomas, Middle Island, and Trinity Palmetto Point,in September 1788: And also,

N° 6. An Abstract of the White Inhabitants, free People of Colour, and Slaves, in the Parishes of Saint Mary Cay on, and Christ Church, Nichola Town, 6 th October 1788: And also*

N° 7. An Account of the Number of Slaves, of free White Inhabitants, &c. in the Parish of Saint Paul Cabefterre, taken in 1788; also, an Account of the Number of Slaves in Ditto for the Year 1772: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of free White Inhabitants, &cg. in the Parish of Saint Anne, for the Years 1772 and 1788 — Ditto of the Number of Slaves in the same Years: And also,

N° 9. An Account of the free White Inhabitants, free Coloured People, and Slaves, in the Parishes of Saint George Bajfeterre, and Saint Peter Bajfeterre, the

i<j.th October 1788: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Number of Negroes in the Parish of Saint John’s Cabefterre,in the Years 1759 and 1788: And also,

N° 11. An Account of the Number of Negroes, imported and exported from 1778 to 1788: And also, N° 12. Antigua — An Account of the Number of Slaves imported in Fourteen Years, from 1775 to 1788, and of the Number of Ships employed, and their Tonnage also, an Account of Slaves exported, &c. for the same Period.

Together with a List of the said Papers and Accounts.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perufcd by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers and Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the U fe of the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, attended at the Doorj he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes received in the Hackney Coach Office, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789; distin-guiffiing each Year, there being no extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes received in the Hackney Coach Office, from the 5th of April 1786 to the 5th of April 1789; distinguishing each Year, there being no extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof, be now read.

Vol. XLIV.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

Ah Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words Tomorrow " Morning," and inserting the Words " upon Mettday Morning next " instead thereof

And the Question being put, That the Words' To-irforrow Morning" stand Part of the Ques-tien;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth;

Tellers for the Yeas, p1"*

77*

T ellers fbriheNoes

J

Sir

1

20.

Mr. Min chin:

‘Mr. Alderman Newn-bam>

.Sir Watkin So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff, on Behalf of themselves, and others, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table Until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly 5 Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and in* furing of, Lives and Survivorships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee* That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of

6 K Bramley.

Petition against the Tobacco Bill read again , referred, ami Counsel ordered*

Debtors Bill deferred*

Committee on Westminster Society Bill*

The Lords have agreed t#

Bramley Incloivue Bill.

The Lords will proceed on Tuesday on Mr. Haftingi’s Trial.

Bill toestablish a Thanksgiving for the Resolution, dc-ferred.

Committee on Laws relating to the Bntifti Fisheries.

Dorchester / Writ.

Humane Society Bill p.tilcJ.

Account of Toh.uco received into the Kind’s Ware-housesordueJ.

2 40 — 250 Junii.

A. 1789.

Bramley, in' the PaFiflvof Leand County of fork-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordibips will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajiings Esquire, on Tuesday

Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate, Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read}

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws now subsisting relating to the Brit Fisheries.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Johnstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Jolonstone reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Luejday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws now subsisting relating to the British Fisheries.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 2 50 Junii;

Anno 290 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prater s.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Dorset, in the room of William,

Esquire, deceased.

An ingrafted Bill for incorporating and well governing the London Humane Society, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 4. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " although" in Line 5.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for incorporating and well governing the London Humane Society.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wation do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounc of the Number of Hogsheads of Tobacco received into the King’s Warchoul'es, and delivered out for Home Consumption and Exportation, between the 5th Day of January 1788 and the 5th Day of January 1789, specifying the Weight of each Hogs-head when brought in, and also when delivered out.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gee do, this Day, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. William Harrison do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cojmo Gordon do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in , and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of affected Taxes, under the Head of Incidents, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789, distinguishing each Year; and also distinguishing the Amount of any Sums received, not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of aftefted Taxes, under the Head of Incidents, from the 5th of April 1786 to the 5th of April 1789, distinguishing espeh Year; and also distinguishing the Amount of any Sums received, not properly belonging to the Income of the Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned relative to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain j to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain , to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made . Sails, with a Duty } to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets} to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificer* and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas} and, to the ascertaining

Several Persons 10 attend Committee on Tobacco Bill.

Accounts of Produce of Incidents presented.

Sill for Ruling a Sum by Annuities passed.

Scotch Light Houses Bi II con matted.

Expiring Laws Bill committed.

29 Geo. III.

2 5° Juttii.

ing the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-teeof the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotofe, upon the said Bill.

Scott* Dirtil- A Bill for amending and continuing, for a limited committed. Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinuing, for a limited " Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon " Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worn, Waflv, " and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of " Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other " Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better regulating " the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to;

" and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. to discontinue, for a limited Time, " the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and " Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting " and securing the due Payment of other Duties in " Lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the " making and vending Spirits; and, for dif-

" continuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts " and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from " 5 the West Indies and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to presenttil Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertise-raents, and on Cards and Dice: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re-hting u!eregU* f°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Whale Fishe- consider of the Laws for regulating the Newfoundland, "* Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Beaufoy accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries.

And Mr. Beaufoy moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries: And that Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bjil to amend At\ for en- -

Sir Joseph Mawbey, according to Order, reported in ,he from t^le Committee of the whole House, to whom Cuhivatwn of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of Tree*. See. re- the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An ported. u ^ft for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the

495

" better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, and " Shrubs," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Henry Hogbton, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Relief to Pastors, or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to briilg in a feill for regulating the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And that Mr. Sheridan, Sir Thomas Dandas, Mr. Grey, and Mr. Courtenay, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Stun of Money by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, that the Interest, after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum., an the Sum of 1,002,500, shall commence on the 5th Day of July 1789.

Then the House resolvtd itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the -House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to establish a perpetual AnniVerfary Thankfgiring to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved Itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hogbton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hogbton reported from the Committer, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed 3 him

Bill for R«-lief to Pastors^ &c. in Scotland, reported

Bill for regulating the Government of the Royal Burvht in Scotland, or* detect.

Committee oil Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, with Benefit of SurJ? Yivorship.

Committee on Bill to establish a Thankfgiv-ing for the Resolution*

A. 1789.

496 25°-" — 2Junii.

Amount! pre-

kntcil.

Sum« printed for Pnbl*c Expenditure.

D*.

Uncluired

Dividends.

Money atifing fioin Sale ct Crown Lands.

Horses and

Carriage* Duty Hill de-fcntd.

Committee on Tobacco Bill*

him to report, when the House will please to receive

the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Steele prel'cnted to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Sums granted for the Public Expenditure, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789, distinguishing each Year, under the

Heads of Interest: and Charges of the Public Debts — Exchequer Bills — Civil Lilt — Charges on Aggregate Fund — Navy — Army — Ordnance — Militia — Mifcel-laneous Services — and, Appropriated Duties: Arid also,

An Account of all Sums granted for the Public Expenditure, from the 5th of 1786 to the 5th of

Ap<il 1789, distinguishing each Year, under the Heads of Interest and Charges of the Public Debts — Exchequer Bills — Civil Lid — Charges on Aggregate Fund — Navy — Army — Ordnance — Militia — Milcel-laneous Services — and Appropriated Duties: And also,

An Account of any Portion of the unclaimed Dividends of the bunds applied to Public Purposes, since the 5th of April 1786: And also.

An Account of the Monies arising from the Sale of Crown Land', and applied to the Public Use, since the 5th of Apnl 1786.

And the Tides of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Eloufe.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned }

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rclolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read }

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burges reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and, in Part, examined a Witness in Behalf of the Petition of several Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff, on Behalf of themselves and others, and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House, having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

V1tnerisy 26° Junii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

JDESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising House icfohcs of the House thiis Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of Extracts of such Parts of the Journals of Surgeons employed in the Ships trading to Africa, since ift ploveainSi»p« August 1788, as relate to the State of the Crew during the Voyage.

A Message from the Lords, by, Mr. Holford and The Lor,1* Mr. Leeds: have agreed t,

Mt\ Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for railing Art for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Load" or Ex Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One chequer Bill*, thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bin For raising Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or b/LoaMor* Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Exchequer thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine; without Bllls-any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Papist? Deeds Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Wll,» Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of r° meiU 1 ’ ProtestantPurchafers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An St. Panera* Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and Pav,nSBl11* watching, such Streets, and other public Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex,which lies on the North and

South Sides of the new Road leading from Paddington to Iflingtcn, called Sonniers Town, and is now actually leased to JacobLercux, Esquire, for building upon, or that may be hereafter leased for the like Purpose, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Thorpe inclo* Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Pari fn of Bums all, in the West Riding of the County of York -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An OFmaftonln-Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open Amend* Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Walk Land«, in ment«. the Lordship or Liberties of Ojmaftcn next Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Si nf.nMoor-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and ment$. Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Ferris, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford;with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for The toid* naturalizing John Henry Pock, called Baron de Robeck; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Floufe.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

The

Sibford Fcnis Inclosure B II, with Amend-

have paHed Ko eck't Nat. Bill.

29 Geo. III.

4 6° Juttii.

497

Lord»AmtB<J- The House proceeded to take into Consideration mafton^indo- £^c Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, injure Bill tituled. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, agreed to all the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Sinfiti Moor.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. i j. 1. 38

and I Leave but " of Geese and.

Pr. 14. 1. Pr. 15. L

39-

33-

34

Leave out " of Geese and."

Leave out " Three," and insert " Four j" and in the same Line, and Line 35. leave out " Nine " Shillings."

Pr. 16. 1. 22 1

and S Leave out "of Geese and."

23* J

Pr. 17. 1. 1 1

and > Leave Out " of Geese and."

2.j

Pr. 27. 1. 23

and I Leave out " of Geese and."

23 1 ind >

24.3

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lords Amend. The House proceeded to take into Consideration

menu ro Sib- tjjC Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- ofure BUI tituled. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open agreed to and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Sibford Ferris, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 19. Leave out " Reftorial," and after " Tythes" insert " of Corn,

" Grain, and Hay, and Wool " and Lamb."

1. 22. After " " insert " or to

" some Modus or Composition " in lieu thereof."

1. 24. Leave out from " Sideling " to " all" in 1. 26.

Pr. 2.1. 1. Leave out from " to" to "Tythes" in 1. 3. and insert " all other;" and in the same Line, and Line 4. leave out " and Ecclesiastical " Rights."

Pr. 15. I.29. After " contain" insert "or be " equal to."

1. 32. Leave out from " Ground" to " of" in 1. 34.

1. 37. After " inclosed" insert " and also " contain or be equal to Onehalf of the Annual Value of " the Allotment, herein after dirested to be allotted and appointed to and for the said " Cafwall and his Successors, after deducting from the " said Allotment the Annual Value of Twelve Pounds."

Pr. 18. 1. 8. Leave out from " them" to " and" in 1. 10. and insert " be a full " Satisfaction for all the Tythes " arising and increasing within " the said Hamlet and Liberties

Vol. XLIV.

u of Sibford , and payable " to him and them as aforesaid."

Pr. 21.I. 2. After " said " insert " Warden and " Scholars, and their Lessee, and the said."

1. 40. Leave out " said," and in the same Line, after " Proprietors," insert . " and Owners of the said Allot-

ments."

Pr. 23. 1. 32. After " inclosed " insert " and that " no Lambs shall be kept in " any of the- Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act " during the Space of Four " Years next after the Executien of the Award herein after " directed to be made, unless the " Person or Persons so keeping " the same shall first, at his, " her, or their own Expence, " make and maintain a Fence " sufficient to guard the young " Quick Fences to be planted or set up on the Allotment " or Allotments adjoining the reto."

Pr.40. 1. 1. Leave out from "the" to "in" in 1. 2. and insert " said Warden " and Scholars, and their Lessee, " in respect of the Allotment to " the said Vicar only, and the said " Vicar and his Successors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Heneage reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common, called Common, and

Eighty-four Acres of Land in Greens and Lanes within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish o Saint Sampfcn, in the County of Wilts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of George Adams and Crook Godby, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Outer Boundaries, and also within the Inner Boundaries of the late Forest of Braydon, within the Manors and Tything* of Great Chelworth and Little Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves and others, being Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands within the Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, in the Outer Boundaries of the late Forest of Braydon, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves and others, being Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the famtf to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and also to the changing the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 76 Acres 3 Roods and 37 Perches,

6 L who

Chelworth Inclosure Bill reported.

z 6° Junii.

A. 1789.

B511 to amend Act forencou-raging the Cultivation of

Trees, See, palfed.

Bury and

HaflmkM'en

Ko,k1 5 Bill passed.

Account of undischarged Exchequer Bills on Land Tax 1789 p relented.

who were against the Bill} and also, except the Proprietors of 156 Acres t Rood and 14 Perches* who declared theml'dyes neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 300 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, M An Act for encouraging the Cultivation,

,c and foe the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots,

" Plants, and Shrubs,’’ was read the Third Time.

Refalved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, and " Shrubs."

Ordered \That Sir Joseph M do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Hajlingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge,in Blackburn, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjhutt Bridge, in the Town of IVballey, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and to Todmerden, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, direHing that no Misnomer, or wrongDescription of Houses or Persons, shall retard the Execution of the AH.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of WillianiWalker, Gentleman, to Hajlingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjhutt Bridge, in the Town of Whalley, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmerden, and for making a Road from the said Road, between Bury and Hajlingden, in the Township of Walmerjley, to the River and for building

a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Cooke, from the Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the undischarged Exchequer Bills on the Land Tax 1789, as they flood on the 9th of June 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Franklin, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Payments into the Exchequer, under the Head of Customs, from 5th January 1786 to 5th January 1789; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and dedulling the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also.

An Account of the Net Payments into the Exchequer, under the Head of Customs, from 5th April 1786 to 5th April 1789; distinguishing each Year,

and distinguishing and dedulling the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also.

An Account of the Number, Size, and Value of Plates of Glass, imported into the Port of London from France and Germany, from the toth Day of May 1787; distinguishing each Sort.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Call do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the of establishing a Society, to be named The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships, was re-committed.

Mr. Call accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direlted to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Gaffes, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direlted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies " and Plantations in North America and in the West India IQands, and the Countries belonging to the United

Account!

presented.

Payments of Custoins into the Exchequer.

IK

Glass imported from France and Germany.

Westminster Society recommitted Bill reported.

Bill for raifm a Sum by Annuitiet, with Benefit of Survivorship* reported.

Committee on West India Trade Act.

ht 9

29 Geo. III. 160 Jrnii. 1 499

«« United States of A, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies." .

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, *c An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North Ame- rica and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of " and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the " Foreign Islands in The Indies"

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India Islands, and the Coun-<f tries belonging to the United States of " and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the " Foreign Islands in The West And that Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing a Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rojepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

KoWck’t Kat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill read. for naturalizing John Henry Fock, called Baron de Robeck, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an imdCuhn car- Account of the Duty on Coals and Culm, separately.

carried Coastwise in that Part of Great Britain called rird Conftwifr Scotland, for the Years 1787 and 1788; distinguishing each Year, and the Quantity of each, and the different Ports of shipping and landing the fame.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty several addi- New*-pMw, tional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, &c- Du,y B,u and on Cards and Dice, was read a Second Time. commilted‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

.Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to reiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to give further Powers to the Commis- u sioners for erecting certain Light Houses in the North-, ern Parts of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hawkins Browne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for granting Relief to Pastors, or Bill for Relief Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Com- j° scot0and&C'* munion in Scotland, was read the Third Time. paired. ° *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting Relief to Pastors, or Ministers, and Lay Persons, of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland,

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, e»d upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several ad- Dut/fidl. ditional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Ford, from the Select Committee appointed to Leave given try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland; commute* t. and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, House- adjourn, holders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, feveraily complaining of an undue 1 Election-

Committee to confuler of allowing a Drawback on Teas exported to Guerafey, &c.

i*

Legacies, &c. Duty Bill prelected.

Whale Fisheries Bill presented.

Scotch Burghs Bill presented.

Camda and Quebec Petitions to be considered next Session.

Petition of Mr. Reeder for Leave to prerent a Petition.

Leave given.

Mr. Reeder Petition.

500 26° J. . 1789.

Election and Return for the said City and Liberty, acquainted the House, That the said Committee desired Leave to adjourn, at the Rising of the Committee this Day, until Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, such Adjournment being at the earnest Request of the Counsel for the Petitioners, they being prevented from doling their Evidence upon a certain Point under Consideration, on Account of the Illness of a very material Witness, and the Committee having some Time lince resolved, that when the Counsel have begun to examine Witnesses, or to produce Evidence upon any One Point, they shall completely finish the Evidence on that Point before they shall be allowed to proceed to any other Point; and no Objection being made to such Adjournment by the Counsel on the other Side.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 6 th Day of July next.

Resolved, That this House will, early in the next Session of Parliament, take into Consideration the several Petitions from the ancient and new Inhabitants of Canada, and the Merchants trading to Quebec, which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament.

A Petition of John Reeder was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner completed an Iron Foundry, at the Expence of £. 22,000 Sterling, in the Island of Jamaica, where it was found highly necessary for Sugar Plantations, His Majesty’s Ships of War, and for the Commerce of the Island, as will appear by the Certificates of Admirals Sir Peter Parker and Sir Joshua Rowley, the Annual Emolument of which, in 1781, was £.4,000; and that in the succeeding Year 1782, when the Island was threatened with an Invasion, by the combined Force of France and Spain, Sir Archibald Campbell, being apprehensive that the Enemy might possess themselves of the Petitioner’s Foundry, from the Advantage of the Situation and Consequence, ordered it to be dismantled, which was done; and the Legislature of Jamaica gave to the Petitioner £. 3,000 Currency, in Consideration of his Loss, and recommended his same to Government; and that the Petitioner did intend to apply to the House for Relief, but could not obtain His Majesty’s Recommendation within the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills: And therefore praying, That he may be at Liberty to present his Petition for Relief, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said John Reeder.

Then a Petition of John Reeder, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Island of Jamaica, together with Copies of Two Certificates thereunto annexed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition; and further Setting forth. That at the Tithe the Petitioner’s Foundry was dismantled for His Majesty’s Service, and the Preservation of Jamaica, his Situation, in Point of Fortune, was such as to render an Application to Government unnecessary: But his Situation, from this Event, and other Causes consequent thereupon, being now materially altered, therefore praying, That, agreeable to the Request of the Legislature of that Island, which has been transmitted to the Lords of the Treasury in due Form, the House will grant him such Relief as to them may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Peter Parker, Sir James Johnstone,&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinuing, for a " limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, " Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty " other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-ma.dc Spirits from " England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; " and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, " the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and " Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting .*< and securing the due Payment of other Duties in " lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the " making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from " The West Indies;" and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned relative to the better Encouragement of the making of S$il Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo"; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and chafing Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease; to the prohibiting the Exportation of

Tools

Committee cm Scotch Disttl-lery Bill.

Committee on Expiring Laws Bili.

Wiy» and Meant dc-

ftf red.

Supply deferred.

Committee on Tobacco Bill.

The Lords have agreed 10

Bill for pre-iremirg dc-stroying Ships, ice. in Scotland.

Soothwold Harbour Bill.

29 Geo. III.

16° — 29° Junii.

Tools and Utensils made Ule of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Srrength of Spirits by Clarke’s Hydrometer, be now d.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself inro a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuier further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of rue B.1J for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snulf, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burges took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee, chat Forty Members were not present;

Mr. Speaker resumed cheChair.

And the House being told, by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Qucfiion first put, till Morning next.

Ten of the Clock.

Luna?, 290 Junii;

Anno 29* Georgii III1" Regis, 1789. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the wilfully burning or dellroy-ing Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotlandwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, the Acts of Parliament for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. XLIV.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An chtltmforf Act for paving the Footways of the several Streets, ®ill. public Passages, and Places, within the Town of Chelmsford, and Hamlet of Moulfham, in the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of Eff; and for cleansing, lighting; and watching the said Town and Hamlet; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Andew Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Can*B*H* from or near the Borough of Ande in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of MiLbrcck, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An LedburyRoad* Act for more effectually repairing several Roads lead- Bl11* ing from Ledbury,in the County of and the

Road through the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, and Corse L till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An EdinWeh Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several RM<l* Bill.

Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for making the same more effectual; without any Amendment: Apd also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Greenock Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, Harbour Bill; made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening,

" cleansing, and making more commodious, the Har- bours of the Town of Greenock; for supplying the " Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and " for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Places, within the said " Town ;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hatton Roai Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King’s Norton, in the County of and to the

Upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of grove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester, so far as relates to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton and Hockley Heath, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Coleftill Act for enlarging the Terms of Three Acts, made in Road, Bl11' the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Colejhill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stint George,

Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor fa"""Poor of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within &c? Bill. the Liberty of the City of Westminster; for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Pa sages and Places within the said Parish, and for other Purposes relating to the said Parish j without any Amendment: And also,

6 M The

Cock bum (path Bridge Bill.

Cold Kiikby Jnclwfme Bill*

Denton Inclosure Bill.

Arnold Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Hemmin^son

Incl<»r*nc Bill,

with Amendments.

Staff of East India Company $ Debts in Bengal, ulered.

Extract of Sir A. Campbell’s Letter relative to tl»e Failure in the estimated Amount of the Madras Revenues, or-deicd.

Brackley

Writ,

Chelworth Inclosure Bill passed.

2 9° Junii. 1789.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North , towards

compleating and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnjpath, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cold Kirkby, in the North Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing*the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, ' and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadow, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of , in the Parish

of Lockington, and County of Leicesterwith some

Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, (to form an Appendix to Account N° 16,'presented by the East India Company the 23d Instant) a State

of* the Bond and Certificate Debts of the India Company in Bengal, according to the latest Advices.

1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, (to form an Appendix to Account N° 6, presented by the East India Company the 23d Instant) Extract of a Letter from Sir Archibald Campbell to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated the 5th of August 1788, relative to the Failure in the efti-

mated Amount of the Revenues under the Presidency of Madras, for the Year 1787-8.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl*ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Timothy Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for managing the Revenues of Excise.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called Chekvorth Common, and Eighty-four Acres of Land in Greens and Lanes, within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chekvorth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common, called Chelworth , and

Eighty-four Acres of Land in Greens and Lanes, within the Manors and Tything of Great and Chelworth, or One of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hawkins Browne, according to Order, reported Scotch Light from the Committee of the whole House, to whom House* Bill the Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners repotu for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, was comrtiittedj the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward* delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from State of East the Directors of the East India Company, attended at I"„ya.tCp^i, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented fn Bengal — to the House, pursuant to their Orders, and ExnaSof

N° 1. A State of the Bond and Certificate Debts bill'* L«terP* of the East India Company in Bengal, according to lehtive to the

the latest Advices: And also, ^"lhe

N° 2. Extract of a Letter from Sir a mount of the

bell to the Court of Directors of the East India Com- ^eve‘

pany, dated the 5th of August 1788, relative to the Failure in the estimated Amount of the Revenues under the Presidency of Madras, for the Year 1787-8.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report rel»-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- i,)veatoD!^»T* ferred to consider of allowing a Drawback on Teas bafkonTea* exported to the I (lands of Guernsey or Jersey, and to *?Por,*<l to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Eu- ue,nieJ» c‘ rope, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is a* follow-cth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the same Drawback be allowed on Teas exported to the Islands of Gv.ernjey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Roje, and Mr.

Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Air Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Air, in the room of

Hugh Montgomerie, Esquire, who, since his Election

for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of In-spedtor of the Military Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Debtor* Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Credi- tors,

tors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report from Mr. Pulteney reported from the Select Committee Ete^ionCom- appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe-miuee.respect- tition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the oTsir Samuel* Kingdom of Ireland and also, the Petition of several Hannay, and Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Mr. Foid, Westminster,paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Elettors of the said City and Liberty, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty; That the said Committee met this Day at Eleven of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Friday last; and Sir Samuel , and Richard

Ford, Esquire (Two of the Members of the said Se-lect Committee) not attending, the Committee continued to fit for One Hour, and then adjourned till Five of the Clock this Afternoon.

Mr. Pulteney also acquainted the House, That Doctor Smith, a Physician, had informed the Committee, that Sir San.uel Hannay was ill.

And tnc House being informed that the said Doctor Smith attended at the Door, to give the House an Account of the State of Sir Health; he was

called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, and acquainted the House, that he.had visited Sir Samuel Hannay this Morning, and found him vtry much indisposed with a Feverish Complaint, and much affedied with the dangerous Illness of a near Relation, which made it highly improper and hazardous for him to attend the said Committee this Morning, and that he did not think it probable that Sir Samuel Hannay would be able to attend for several Days.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Excuse now made on Behalf of the said Sir Samuel Hannay, for his Non-attendance this Morning, be allowed; and that he have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee, in case his Health shall require it.

Mr. Pulteney likewise acquainted the House, That he had, this Morning, received a Letter from Mr. Ford, informing him that he was ill, but that he had lately received a Second Letter from Mr. Ford, wherein he states himself to be something better, and expresses his Hopes of being able to attend the said Committee on Wednesday Morning next.

And the House being informed that Mr. Apothecary, attended at the Door, who could

give the House Information resptfcting the present State of Mr. Ford's Health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, and acquainted the House, thac he had attended Mr. Twice

this Morning, and found him much indisposed with a violent Complaint, which confined him to his ~

House; that he was now something better, and that it was reasonable to expect he might be able to attend the said Committee on Morning

next.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Excuse now made on Behalf of the said Richard Ford, Esquire, for his Non-attendance this Morning, be allowed; and that he have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee, in case his Health shall require it.

Mr. Pulteney also, from the said Select Committee, Leave given acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that they might Comm use to have.Leave to adjourn, at the Riling of the Commit- »dj'jUrn» tee this Day, until Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, in Expectation that the said Sir Samuel Hannay and Richard Ford, Esquire, or One of them, might be then able to attend.

And Mr. Pulteney moved the House accordingly.

The House was moved. That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave1, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn as desired.

The House being informed that Mr. Stone, from Memorial re-the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Jpefl'ng To-Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted jmo'ViTn'g'* to the House, Warehouses,

A Memorial from the Officers of His Majesty’s Pr'fen,ed* Tobacco Warehouses, with respect to an Account of the Number of Hogsheads of Tobacco received into the King’s Warehouses, and delivered out for Home Consumption and Exportation, between the 5th Day of January 1788 and the 5th Day of January 1789, specifying the Weight of each Hogshead when brought in, and also whtfn delivered out, which, upon Thursday last, was ordered to be laid before this

House.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Memorial was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable House of Commons.

" An ACCOUNT of the Number of Hogsheads of Tobacco received into the King’s Warehousrt, and delivered out for Home Consumption and Exportation, between the 5th Day of January 1788 and " the 5th Day of January 1789, specifying the Weight of each Hogshead when brought in, and also when " delivered out," having been called for to be laid before this Honourable House, His Majesty’s Officers at the Tobacco Warehouses take Leave most humbly to represent. That the drawing out the said Account would necessarily require a very considerable Length of Time before it could be completed; and conceiving thac it would not so effectually answer the Purpose for which it was demanded, as the Production of the original Office Book, which contains an Account of the Weight of each, and every Hogshead of Tobacco imported in the Period above mentioned; and also, of the particular Weight of such of the said Hogsheads as have been delivered out for Home Consumption, and Exportation, respectively, at the Times the same were so delivered: They have therefore taken Leave to fend the said Book herewith, and humbly hope it will give such Information to this Honourable House as may be satisfactory.

Which is humbly submitted.

Edmd Clutterbuck,

His Majesty’s Tobacco Warehouses, H. Stone,

29 June 1789.

Ordered,

Tobacco Warehouse Day Book p relented.

Whale

Fiftcriet Bill committed*

Legittei, &e. Duty Bilf committed.

Expiring Laws Bill reported.

Qtrft. Nep.

for bringing up the Newl-wen'i Petition,

504 290 Junii. . 1789.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present the 6%ok mentioned in the said Memorial.

Then the said Mr. Stone was again called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Book, intituled, *« Day Book, 1788, King’s Tobacco Warehouse."

And then he again withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.'

N. B. The said Book was, by a subsequent Order of the House, of the 30th Instant, returned to the proper Officer.

A Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Whale Fisheries,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill co continue several Laws therein mentioned, relative to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain', to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain , to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease; to the prohibiting the Exporta-tation of Tools and Utensils made Ufc of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Stas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Newfmen of London and -

sex, Complaining of that Part of the Bill depending in the House for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice, which prohibits the lending of Newspapers to read for Hire, and praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against 3

the fame, being offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yea, } ,8'

Teller, for the Noes, Captfif SrrWr,: } «

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for difcTontinuing, for a limited Time, the " several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines " and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Li-« quors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu " thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation *« of British-m&dc Spirits from England to Scotland, " and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for " a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the ,f Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vend- ing British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a li-

mited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum " ind Spirits imported from The West ," and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His''present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North " America and in the West India Islands, and the Coun-' tries belonging to the United States of America, " and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West IndiesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the

Manufactures

Scotch Distillery Bill reported.

Horsej'knd Carriages Duty Bill dag ferred.

West India Trade Bill presented.

Committee on

Act for Encouragement of the Flax and Cotton Manufactures,

reported.

Bill ordered*

Committee on Tobacco Bill revived.

Bill to establish a Thank (giving for the Resolution, deferred*

Newspapers, &c. Duty Bill deserted.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred*

Committee on Tobacco Bill.

Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great tain."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempjier took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempjier reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now. received.

Mr. Dempjier accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great ," be further continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Dempjier, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate, Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice;

Resolved, Thar, this House will. Tomorrow Morn' ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rofolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

‘ Vol. XLIV.

The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr* Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses in Behalf of the Petition of several Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff, on Behalf of themselves and others, and had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 30° Junii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayors.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Roheck’* Nat.

Act for naturalizing JohnHenry Fock, called con,m,u

Baron de Robeck, vias read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir James Pennyman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration LordsAmend-the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Ten,*l tituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open ci re B?ii Fields, Meadows, Forest, Commons, and Waste agreed to Lands, within the Patish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham. ' .

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 25.

1. 31.

Pr. 28. 1. 26.

34*

Pr. 29. 1. 5. Pr. 33. 1. 38. Pr. 34. 1. 35.

1. 40. Clause (A).

Leave out from " entitled " to " to," in Line 30.

After M Right " insert f‘ within the " said Parish."

Leave out " if," and insert f‘ as." Leave out " then."

Leave out from " liable" to *And," in Press 30, Line 7.

Leave out from Tythes" to " shall," in Press 34, Line 6. Leave out from " Cavendish " to in," in Line 37. and insert *f and his Heirs."

Insert Clause (A).

" And be it further Enacted, That " the Allotments to be made to " the said Wenman Langton, and " his Successors. Vicars as aforesaid, shall be Ring-fenced, and " fenced against any public Carriage Roads that may be made through the fame, in such and " the same Manner as the Allotments to be made to the said " Henry Cavendish, in lieu and in " respect of Tythes, are hereinbefore directed to be fenced, by " and at the Expence of such of " the said Owners and Proprietors, and in such Proportion and Proportions, as the said 6 N " Corn-

5o 6

Scotch Light Houses Bill passed.

Trial of Mr. Halting!.

30° Junii. A. 1789.

2.

Pr. 35. 1.

1. 18.

Commissioners shall judge reasonable."

Leave out from " Cavendish-" to " shall," in Line 8.

Leave out from "Heirs" to "may," in Line 19.

Leave out " respectively."

Leave out from " Agent" to " to," in Line 31.

Leave out from " aforesaid " to " shall," in Line 25.

Leave out " if any."

Leave out " and in lieu."

Leave out " Tythes-."

Leave out " Tythes."

Leave out from " Right" to " to," in Line 15.

Leave out " if any."

Leave out " Tythes."

Leave out from " Act " to " or," in Line 36.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Pr. 36. Pr. 38.

Pr. 48.

1. 21. 1- 3°-

1. 22. 1. 2.

; 5-

1. 6.

1. 13.

1. 14.

Pr. 49. 1. 1.

1. 2. Pr. 58. 1. 34.

An ingrossed Bill to give further Powers to the Commissioners for crefting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great was read the

Third Time.

Re/clved’, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly j and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this-House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminjle Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no l’erfon in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over j and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into tniiijler Hall accordingly.

Ar d, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lord« Amend-the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open SolweBiiV or Common Fields, Meadow, Pastures, and Waste agreed to Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of ton, in the Parish of Lockington, and County of cester.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 8. Leave out from " in" to " so," in Line 12, and insert " lieu of the " said Great and Small Tythes."

1. 33. After " Tythes " insert" which said " Parts or Parcels of Land to be " allotted in lieu of Tythes shall,

" by the said Commissioners, be " divided between the said Philip " Storey, as Vicar as aforesaid, and " Sir Henry Harptrr, in the Pro-" portions following; that is to " say, to the said Philip Storey, as " Vicar as aforesaid, so much and " such Parts thereof as, when and " so soon as inclosed, and if ne-" ceflary subdivided, shall, in the " Judgment of the said Cornmif-" sioners, be of the full Yearly " Value of Forty Pounds, clear of every Deduction, except " Land Tax; and to the said Sir " Henry Harpur, all the Residue " and Remainder thereof, and."

1. 34. Leave out " Allotment," and insert " Allotments."

Pr. 19. 1. 4. After " mentioned " insert Clauses (A) and (B).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That

" where any Parcel of Land to " be allotted by virtue of this " Act shall abut upon or adjoin.

" any Freebord, Balk, or Ditch,

" belonging to any Common " Fields, or inclosed Lands or " Grounds, next adjoining to tht " Land hereby directed to be in-" closed, or to or upon any Ditch.

" belonging to any other Allotment or Allotments to be mad«

" in pursuance of this Act, the " Person or Persons to whom such " Parcel of Land shall be allotted " shall and may, and is and are " hereby empowered, to set up " and erect Gates, or any other " Sort of Fences, in, over, upon,

" and across such Freebord, Balk,

" or Ditch, for dividing the said " Parcels of Land, and raising " and preserving the Quicksets,

" Banks, Wood Plants, and other " Mounds and Fences, to be made " and raised thereupon, until such " Time as the Owner of such " Freebord, Balk, or Ditch, shall " fufhciently, at his or her own " Expence, have ditched, mound-" ed, and fenced out the same Free-" bord, Balk, and Ditch, from the " same Parcel of Land or Inclo-" sure adjoining thereto."

Clause (B). " And be it further Enacted, That if

" the Proprietor or Proprietors of " any Freebord or Balk, belonging to any Lands or Estates " nextadjoining the Lands hereby

" directed

8.

*9 Geo. III.

30° Junii.

5°7

directed to be divided and in- closed, shall be desirous to have an Allotment or Allotments in tc lieu nthereof, and shall thereof " give Notice in Writing to the " said Commissioners on or before the First Day of October " One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-nine, then and in of such same the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to

their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called oven and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee

" set out, assign, and allot, to such of the whole House, in order to be present at the said

Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directprietor or Proprietors thereof, ed him to report the Bill to the House, without any

Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, such Plot or Plots of *' the Land to be indofed by vir- tue of this Act, or Part of the " said Freebord or Balk, as the *f said Commissioners shall act-« judge to be an Equivalent and " Compensation for the same respectively (Quantity, Quality, " and Situation considered) and " then and in such same such Freebord or Balk, or so much thereof " as shall not be allotted to the Pro-

Saladin'a Nat* Bill reported.

Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s T able.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difiblve

shall be deemed and adjudged to lie in the said ManororLordship " of Hemmington, and to be Par-

cel of the Land hereby direct-tc ed to be divided and inclosed,

and shall and may be set out u and allotted by the said Commissioners accordingly as Part the Marriage of William John Arabia, Esquire, with

The Lords will proceed prelemly on Mr. Haf-tings's Trial.

Trial of Mr. Haiti ngs,

" thereof, and such Plot or Plots " of Land to be allotted in lieu " of such Freebord or Balk, shall " be deemed and adjudged to lie " in the Lordship or Liberties respectively to which such Freebord or Balk, at the Time of passing this Act, shall respectively belong."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger ford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships are ready to proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, presently, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to JterHall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend

Henrietta Molyneux, his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Peter Parker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Reeder, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Island of Jamaica, was referred; ported That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Jackson, Esquire (late a Member of the Assembly of the Island of Jamaica) being examined, said, That Mr. Reeder erected an Iron Foundry in Jamaica, which the Witness thinks must have cost ft. 22,000 at lead, which was found highly beneficial for Ships of War, and the Commerce of the Island.

That in the Year 1782, when the Island was threatened with an Invasion by the combined Force of France and Spain, Sir Archibald Campbell, then Governor of the Island,' ordered it to be dismantled, from an Apprehenflon that the Enemy might possess themselves of it — That the Legislature of Jamaica granted Mr. Reeder ft. 3,000 Currency, in Consideration of his Loss, and recommended his same to Government.

A Member

Mr. Reeder* t Petition ic*

The Lord* will proceed preferntly on Mr. Hidings'# Tiial.

Trial of Mr. Hidings.

Hey wood Road Bill reported.

Account' of

Arrears of Duties on Houses and Window* $and

508 30 0 Junii^.1789.

A Member present confirmed all the above Evidence, except with respect to the Money being voted, and the Recommendation given by the Legislature of

'Jamaica.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships are ready to proceed further in the Trial of Warren Esquire, presently,

in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages-leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual j and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of in

the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Laud's End, in the Parish of Prestwich,in the County Palatine of Lance.Jler, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

O

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Arrears of Duties upon Houses and Windows Handing out on the 5th of January 1789, under their respective Heads; distinguishing each County: And also,

An Account of Monies remaining in the Hands of the respective Receivers General of the Duties upon Houses and Windows on the 5th of January 1789; together with the Totals.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws now subsisting relating to the British Fisheries;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and continuing, for a limited-Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinuing, for a " limited Time, the several Duties payable in " land upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, " Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillatien of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty " other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better regula- ting the Exportation of made Spirits from

" England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; " and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, " the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and " Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and " securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making *c and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, " for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West " Indies," and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinuing, for a " limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, ,c Walh, and other Liquors, tiiere used in the Distillatien of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty " other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of Britip-mide Spirits from tc England to Scotland, and from Scotland to;

tc and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, " the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and " Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting " and securing the due Payment of other Duties in " Lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and " Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The " V/tJl Indies," and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, was read tile Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf»: And rh.it the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by

Way

of Money remaining in the' Hands of the Receivers General, presented.

Laws relating to the Bririrti Filberie* deferred*

Scotch Distil-lery Bill patted.

Bill for rnlfing a Sum by Annuities with Benefit of Stirvivoi parted. r *

Indemnity Bill passed.

Account of Produce of Post Office in Scotland, ordered*

Account of Produce of Taxes levied in Scotland, ordered*

Newspapers, Scc. Duty Bill deferred.

Horses and Carriages Duty Bill deferred.

Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, G'r others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for rhofe Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to tnake and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify, themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted , to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neg-lested to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Post Office, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the last Quarter or Period to which the same -can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Taxes levied in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the Management of the Commissioners of Taxes, for the last Quarter or Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishing each Tax.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Car-Vol. XLIV.

riages with Four Wheels, and for explaining and amending an Act, pasted in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th Day of January 1786 and the 5th Day of January 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th Day of April 1786 and the 5th Day of April 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Interest paid upon Exchequer Bills, between the 5th Day of January 1786 and the 5th Day of January 1789; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Interest paid upon Exchequer Bills, between the 5th Day of April 1786 and the 5th Day of April 1789; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Times when the Exchequer Bills for the £.5,500,000, granted in 1785, were issued.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an -Account of the Amount of such Part of the Navy Debt as now bears Interest.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Iiajlings, Esquire, on Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the several Houses, and other Buildings, immediately adjoining to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament, and the Offices thereto belonging, and to report to the House their Opinion, from Time to Time, in what Manner the same may be best secured from the Danger of Fire, and what Improvements it may be proper to make therein.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Peter Burrell, Mr. Secretary Grenville, Sir William Toung, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Steele, Mr. Roje, the Earl of -

ton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Pbelips, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Brett, Sir John Miller, Mr. Martin, Sir Archibald

Edmonstone, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Adams, Mr. Dempfer, Mr. Pitt, Lord Charles Fitzro, Mr. North, Mr. Beau-Joy, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Long, Mr.

HuJJey, Mr. Scott, Mr. Smith, Mr. Plumer, the Marquis

6 0 *f

Accounts or* dered*

Produce of Customs, Kx-cife, Stamps* and Incidents.

D#.

Interest paid on Exchequer Bills*

D*.

Times when certain Exchequer Bills were issued*

Navy Debt bearing latere (t.

Committee on Whale Fisht-\ ries Bill.

The Lords will proceed on Thursday on Mr. Hastings* Trial.

Committee

appointed to inspect the Buildings adjoining to Westminster Hall, &c.

Account of Sums received at the Exchequer for Public Use, to be printed.

Committee on Legacies, &c. Duty BiJl*

Accounts of tindilcharged Exchequer Bills on Land and Malt, to be printed.

Tobacco Warehouse Day Book to be returned.

Committee on Tobacco Bill.

510 3 o° Junii — 10 Julii. 17 89.

of Graham, Mr. Pelham, the Lord Sir

Grey Cooper, Sir ‘Thomas , Mr. Drake, Mr.

Burke, Sir James St. Clair, Mr. Adam, Mr.

xv.iritig, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Mr. Heneage:

And they have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet Tomorrow Morning, and have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive Plans for the said Improvements, and report the same to the House, together with Estimates of the Expence of carrying such several Plans into Execution.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of all Sums received at the Exchequer, for the Public Use, between the 5th of January 1786 and the 5th of April 1789, not included in the Account of the Taxes, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, - which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the undischarged Exchequer Bills, on the different Taxes on Land and Malt, as they flood on the 9th of June 1789; and also, of the Account of the undischarged Exchequer Bills on the Land Tax 1789, as they flood on the 9th of June 1789, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " Day Book, " 1788, King’s Tobacco Warehouse" (which was Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Stone, from the Commissioners of the Customs) be returned.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses in Behalf of the Petition of several Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff, on Behalf of themselves and others, and had made a further Progress in the Bill j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 1 0 die Julii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Havi orth, Accounts of from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he £r<^uce °£

11 1 *» ~ . , t7 r Customs, Ex-

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the tuoule, ci(c, stamp*, pursuant to their Orders, #ml Incidents,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Du.ties of prefeiU Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th Day of January 1786 and the 5th Day of January 1789: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th Day of April 1786 and the 5th Day of April 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Cooke, from Account of the Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Bills, ptc-pursuant to their Orders, footed.

An Account of the Interest: paid upon Exchequer Bills between the 5th Day of January 1786 and the 5th Day of January 1789, distinguishing each Year; also, an Account of the Interest paid upon Exchequer Bills between the 5th Day of April 1786 and the 5th Day of April 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Arakin’s Di-to dissolve the Marriage of IV John , p^fcdf*11 Esquire, with Henrietta Molyneux, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

v Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, Robeck’s Nat. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Bi*' rep^*d» An Act for naturalizing John Henry Fock, called Baron 10 de Robeck, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

9 Mr.

29 Geo. III.

Julii.

5"

Flax and Cotton Bill presented.

Horses and Carriage* Duty Bill reported.

Mr. Detnpjler presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 5‘ An Act for the more effectual of Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and " Cotton in Great Britain:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

And the said Petition was read j Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners presume, in all Humility, by a respectful Application to the House, to express, as they have already done, in fbme Measure, by their Representation to their Members, the universal Sense of the City of , concerning any

further Extension of the Laws of Excise: That the Burthen of Taxes already imposed on every Branch of Trade, however cheerfully borne, is severely felt, granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and but, the Petitioners apprehend, this Burthen will grow Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels, too heavy to be borne, if it be.increased by such and for explaining and amending an Act, pasted in the vexatious and oppressive Methods, as niuft be the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as Consequence of a further Extension of the Excise relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Laws; and that the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Ma-»

Whale Fisheries Bill reported.

Wheels therein mentioned, was pommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to remove a Doubt respecting who is to pay the Duty on Horses hired for Carriages.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

nufafturers of this Kingdom, h&ve supported themselves under the Pressure of the Excise Laws now in Force, by the comfortable and reasonable Expecta- tien, that Laws, which nothing but public Necessity could ever be a Motive to enact, would not be further extended against the Trade of the Nation, and the Liberty of the Subject, in a Time of undisturbed Tranquillity at Home, and a general Peace Abroad, and, if this Expectation be entirely taken away, if the Excise Laws, instead of being repealed, are extended to other Species of Merchandizes, not yet Excited, and a Door opened for extending them to all, the Petitioners cannot, in Justice to themselves, to the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers of she whole Kingdom, and the general Interests of their Country, conceal their Apprehensions, that the most fatal Blow, which was ever given, will be given on this Occasion to the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain; and that the Petitioners are able to shew these their Apprehensions are. founded both in Experience

further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, and Reaibo: And therefore praying, That the House Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries, was com- will hear them, by their Counsel, against the said mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had Bill.

made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to ' A Motion was made, and the Question being proreport to the House; and he read the Report in his posed. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the until the Report be received from the Committee df Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Couri-a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- fcl, against the.laid Bill, upon their Petition, if they tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the thinly fit;

House.

Ordered, ingrossed.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Committee to consider of Bounties to Matters and Surgeons of Ships in the African Slave Trade*

Re/ohed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cafes, to Matters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Smith reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. '

London Peti- The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of , in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

tien against the Tobacco Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving put the Words until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, and " that the Petitioners be then Beard, by their Counsel, " against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they " think fit."

And the Question being put, That the Words prd-posed to be left out ftaad Part of the Question j

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main.Qjjeftion, so amended, being put;, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon die Table.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaufoy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have many Payments to make, in the Course of the present Year, beyond their ordinary Receipts and Resources, and beyond the Powers of raising Money heretofore granted to them by the Legislature, and it is necessary to apply to Parliament in the present

Sa!adm*s Nat. Bill patted.

Petition of tKc East India Company for Leave to present a Pe.it;on for Power to raise Money,

L#ivt given.

East India Company'*

Petition.

512 i° — 1°

sent Session for further Powers of raising Money, to enable the Petitioners to carry on their Affairs; and that the Petitioners, conceiving it incumbent upon them to wait the Arrival of their Ships, in order to lay the fulled and most recent State of their Affairs before Parliament, previous to any Application for the Purposes aforesaid,' and several of their Ships having only arrived very lately, the Petitioners were not able to present a Petition for the Purposes aforesaid within the Time limited by the House for receiving private Petitions: And therefore praying for Leave now to present a Petition to the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision thereupon as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Xircumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Julii.

A. 1789.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committw e itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers. Revenue* *

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Accoum*. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to establish a per-

Then a Petition of the United Company of Mer- petual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, chants of England trading to the East Indies,was pre- for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemo-

Bill to t(ta-bliftiaThankf-giving for the Resolution, deferred.

by Means of the Expences incurred by the Petitioners in the East Indies during the late War, in consequence of which, Bills’ to a great Amount have been drawn upon the Petitioners in England, some of which have been paid, and others will become due in the Course of the present Year, and, by Means of a Part of the Debt in India incurred in the late War being agreed to be brought Home, and paid in England, by Bills of Exchange, which will become due in future

rate. Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Ways and Means deterred.

Years, a very great Demand hath been, and will be, House, to consider further of the Supply granted to necessarily brought upon the Petitioners Treasury in His Majesty.

England, beyond what the Petitioners, by their ordi- Resolved, That this House will, Tor morrow Morn-nary Resources, and the Powers heretofore granted to ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole them by Parliament, will be enabled to pay j and that House, to consider further of the Laws now subsisting the Petitioners are desirous to raise such Money as relating to the British Fisheries.

Swpply t tried.

Laws relating r* the British Fisherit* deferred.

Newfmen’t Petition offered.

Debate on Motion for bringing it up adjourned.

shall be deemed necessary to be raised for present Purposes by an Increase of their Capital Stock; but they cannot raise the fame, in that or any other Mode, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision thereupon as to the House shall seem. meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Newfmen of London and Middle-fox, complaining of that Part of the Bill depending in the House for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertise-’ ments, and on Cards and Dice, which prohibits the lending of Newspapers to read for Hire, and praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the fame, being offered to be presented to the House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be brought up i

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Newspapers, See, Duty BiH deferred.

Accounts of* Produce of Customt, Ex-cife, Stamps, and Incident*) and of interest paid on Exchequer Bills, to be printed.

East India Company* Revenue Account* referred to a Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Legacies &c. the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Julii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

MR. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, Knarefto-to whom the Bill for reviving certain Powers rough Forest granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Bl11 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts " of the District called Fbe Forest of , in

" the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," and by an Act of the Fourteenth Year

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts,'which were this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Haworth, from the Exchequer, and by Mr. Cooke, from the Exchequer Bill Office, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 23d and of His Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former 29th Days of June last, by Mr. Ramjay and Mr, Mor- A ft, and for making the said Two Acts more effec-ton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be tual, was committed; That the Committee had exa-referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the mined, and found that the said Bill is notwithin the whole House. Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April

1774*

Trial of Mr. HaHiogs.

ExpiringLaws Bill patted.

1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure,the Bill being only for reviving the Powers of Two former Acts, and for rendering the same more effectual; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout,; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly} and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westmins , and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was 'no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them. x

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned relative to the better Encouragement of the* making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain-, to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed Abroad, andfifft composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Greafe; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws therein mcn-Vot. XLIV.

tioned relative to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in G; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parrs beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke s Hydrometer.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual

Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax " and Cotton in Great Britainwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of wood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called Land's End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywcod, in the Pa-rifli of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Earnest

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from Injury by Encroachments and Annoyances, for enlarging or rebuilding the present PuTnp Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain New Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, F.squire, on Tuesday

Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

6 P The

Flax and Corton Bill committed.

Heywood Ro.id Bill patted.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities.

Lottery Bill,

Bath 9treete, &c. Bill.

The Lords

will proceed on Tuesday on Mr. Haltings'g Trial.

5r4

2° Julii.

A. 1789.

Account of the The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, «minE«he- ^roai l^c ^chequer, attended at the Door; he was quer Bills were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, icmd* rrC* purfu ant to their Order,

An Account of the several* Times when the Exchequer Bills for the 5,500,000, granted in 1785, were issued.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

WineRetailers Bid presented.

withdrawn, and another ordered.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for subjecting the Retailers of Wine only, to the same Regulations and Restrictions as the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors are now subject to by Law: And the same was received; and read the l'irft Time.

And it appearing to the House, that the said Bill contains Provisions not authorized by the Order for preparing, and bringing in, the fame;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Report respect-inp Bounties to Mailers and Surgeons of Ships in the African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do make the Re* port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed in certain Cafes to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Mailer, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being made that not more than Two Slaves in each Hundred, that shall have been taken on Board such Ships, have died; and of Fifty Pounds to each Mailer, and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, w here not more than Three Slaves in each Hundred have died within a certain Period.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, v.ns, upon the Qucllion puc thereupon, agreed to by the 1 loul'c.

Ordered, That it be an In ft ruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to continue and amend an A cl, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ff An Act to regulate, for a limited d ime, the shipping and carrying " Slaves in BritiJjVelTels from the Coast of

That they do make Proviuon therein pursuant to the said Resolution.

African slave Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-B.ii prtfcmed. ;ng to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An «« Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in Vessels, from ttie

" Coast of Africa:" And the same was received; and read the First Time*.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

win!# Fifr.e- ' An ingossed Bill for further encouraging and regu-ne» Bill passed, bating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale* Fisheries, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fishc*rics.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty several Horses and additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages ,*as1[5dD,ty with Four Wheels, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels, and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to TcaDrawback Order, a Bill for allowing the like Drawback on Teas Bl11 Piefented* exported to the Ifiandsof Guernsey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of,

as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, parted West India in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act TrideBlil " for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of commi " His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North " America, and in the West India Islands, and the " Countries belonging to the United States of " rica, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and " the Foreign Islands in The West was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for. ne House Debtor* Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred* to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving ReportonEast the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several mi^Acco'um* Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the dd«red. House upon the 23d and 29th Days of June last, by Mr. Ramsay and Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to improre improve the Cultivation of the Commonable Lands ,hcCultivation within that Part of Great Britain called England: And bleLand*"* that Mr. Jolliffe and Mr. Rye do prepare, and bring ordered, in, the fame.

Mr.

20 Geo. III. 20 — 3° Julil.

5*5

Mr. Jolliffe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to improve the Cultivation of the Commonable Lands, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered’, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the House do now adjourn.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Particulars of the Miscellaneous Ser- ' vices, from the 5th of "January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789} distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties on Wood, from the 5th Day of January 1785 to the 5th Day of January 1789; distinguishing each Year. Ordered, That there be laid, before this House, an - , Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Land

an an at. ancj from the Qf 1786 to the 5th

of January 1789.

Arrears of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Cml Lift. Account of the Arrears of the Civil List on the ad of July 1789.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House . ui the BritVih8 to rc^v^ itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fisheries. to consider further of the Laws now subsisting relating to the Britisl} Fisheries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Johnstone took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Johnstone reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Sir James Johnstone accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to request that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain, to cause a Survey to be made, together with an Estimate of the Expence of making Roads of Communication between the Eastern and Western Coasts of Scotland, through the Shires of Inverness, Rojs, Sutherland, and Caithness.

And Sir James Johnstone moved the House accordingly.

Address for a Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Estimate of the ^'s Majesty, to request that His Majesty will be Expence of graciously pleased to give Directions to the Comman-making Roads cfer in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain, 10 Scotland. tQ cause a survey to be made, together with an Estimate of the Expence of making Roads of Communication between the Eastern and Western Coasts of Scotland, through the Shires of Inverness, Refs, Sutherland, and Caithness.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moil Honourable Privy Council.

Common able Lands Cultivation Bill presented.

Motion for the House to adjourn with- drawn.

Accounts

ordered.

Particulars of Miscellaneous Services.

Produce of Duties on Wood.

Produce of Duties on

Office Book of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Tobacco Office Book for the Year 1787, specifying the Shrink-

idered?' age and Surplus of every Hogshead of Tobacco delivered out of His Majesty’s Tobacco Warehouse during that Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving Legacies, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several m* additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a'Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee m whole House, to consider further of the Bill for re- Tobacco Bill, pealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses in Behalf of the Petition of several Manufacturers of Tobacco and.

Snuff, on Behalf of themselves and others, and had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1eneris, 30 die Julii;

Anno a9* Georgii IIIta Regis, 1789.

Prayers. v

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mt. Graves The Lords and Mr. Eames: - agreed t*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Scotch Light Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for Houses Blil-erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain-, without any Amendment: And also,

The-Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hereford Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Road* Bill. Acts, palfed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Llanclcudy Hill and Langua Bridge, and also for making, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the said City of Hereford to Hoarwithy Raffcge, through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, The Lord,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have passed naturalizing Peter Lecornu-, to which the Lords desire Bccomu’sNat. the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House resolve. the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning ^onia" next. 0,1 ajr‘

The House being informed that Mr. De- Account of

puty Accountant General ro the Pod Office, attended pj^officei at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Scotland'* fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

5 An

36 Julii.

A. 1789.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Post Office in Scotland, for the Quarter ended the 10th of October 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Morris, from Annual Duty Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; on Malt, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the prefenud. House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce, into the Exchequer, of the Annual Duty on Malt, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789* distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. from

Na»yUDebf the Navy Office, attended at the Door 5 he was called bearing in-’ in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant

fentedPre" to t^'C‘r Grt^er>

ente An Account of the Amount of such Part of the

Debt of the Navy as now bears Interest.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

PetMon from A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and ol^Liverpooi0" Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool, was against the ’ presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, Tobacco Bill. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, to subject the Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff, in this Kingdom, to the Laws of Excise, and the Inspection of the Officer of that Branch of His Majesty’s Revenue; and Alledging, That every Extension of a Power, which decides in Matters of Property and Liberty, without Trial by Jury, will ever prove irksome to Britons, and, in the present Cafe, would, as the Petitioners apprehend, be attended with the additional Disadvantages of distressing the fair Trader, and thereby deprive lbme Thousands of industrious Persons, particularly Women and Children, of the Means of earning their Daily Bread, to the certain and great Increase of Poor Rates: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Committee to Resolved, That this House will, immediately, rc-posing^Duty *"°'ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on Foreign consider of imposing a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts Cocoa N«ti imported into the Brit Colonies or Plantations. thTpUnta-"'0 Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-tiens. mittee, That they do consider of an Act, made in the

Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Conveyance from " the Ports of Southampton and Port/mouth, to the

ft Port of Cowes, in the Isle of W of Goods not " liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be " exported, and of Sheep and Cattle between the said " Ports, without Cocquets being taken, or Bonds entered into, for that Purpose; and for extending an " Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign " of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits " in the Country, to be made Use of in the Courts " of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer,

" to the Isle of Man; and for appointing Ports and " Places for shipping and landing Goods in the " said Island."

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Hou/e will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Lord Frederick Campbell, according to Order, re- Report onEast ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Ac- Account!, counts and Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 23d and 29th Days of June last, by Mr.

Ramsay and Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, the Resolutions which the Committee v

’'ad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That if appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidv, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, from 1785-6 to 1787-8, both inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore, Eight Lacks, Eighty-seven thousand Six hundred and Fifty-five Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, and from Benares and Oude, under the same Heads, which were estimated for the Year 1787-8 at Five Crore, Six Lacks, Forty-eight thousand Nine hundred and Six Current Rupees, amounted to Five Crore, Eighteen Lacks, Twenty-seven thousand One hundred and Seventeen Current Rupees.

Resolved ’, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, which were estimated for the Year 1787-8 at Three Crore, Six Lacks,

Sixty-two thousand Four hundred and One Current Rupees, amounted to Three Crore, Four Lacks, Sixty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy of the Nabob of Arcot, and Rajah of I'anjore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted, on an

Average

29 Geo. III. 30 Juliu $17

Average of the Years 1785-6 and 1786-7, to the Sum at the Sum of Eleven Lacks, Seventy-four thou-

of Twenty-six Lacks, Thirty-one thousand and Ninety- sand One hundred and Thirty-eight Bombay Rupees, seven Pagodas. RejolvedThat it appears to this Committee, That Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at Company, at the Presidency of and the Set-

the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settle- tlements subordinate thereto, in the Year 1788-9, are ments subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and estimated at Fifty Lacks, Fifty-five thousand Two Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, which hundred and Seventeen Bombay Rupees.

were estimated (after allowing for the Charges of RejolvedThat it appears to this Committee, That collecting the fame) to amount to Thirty Lacks, the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at Twelve thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six Pa- the Presidency of Fort Marlborough, and its Depen-godas, amounted to Twenty-four Lacks, Ninety-three dencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, thousand Two hundred and One Pagodas. amounted, on an Average of Three Years, from

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That 1784-5 to 1786-7, both inclusive, to the Sum of the Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at Ten thousand One hundred and Seventy-seven Dol-the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settle- lars.

ments subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Civil, the Total, of Debts owingby the East India Company,

Military, Buildings and Fortifications, which were in their different Settlements in the exclu-

estimated for the Year 1787-8 to amount ,to Twenty- five of the Sums for which Bills have been granted, nine Lacks, Seventeen thousand Five hundred and payable on the Court of Directors at Home, in pur-Forty Pagodas, amounted to Thirty-one Lacks, fuance of their Orders of the 15th Day of September Eighteen thousand Two hundred and Three Pa- 1785, and 31st July 1787, amounted, according to the godas. latest Accounts of the whole Debt received in England,

Resolved, That Jt appears to this Committee, That to the Sum of Seven Crore, Sixty Lacks, Forty-seven the Annua) Revenues of the East India Company, at thousand Five hundred and Forty-eight Current Ru-the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settle- pees.

ments subordinate. thereto, and in the Carnatic and Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the the Total of the Debts owing by the East India Corn-Year 1788-9, are estimated by the Governor and pany, in their different Settlements in the East Indies,

Council of Madras to amount to the Sum of Thirty- bearing Interest, amounted, according to the latest three Lacks, Ninety-six thousand One hundred and Accounts received in England, to the Sum of Five Thirty-three Pagodas. Crore, Seventy-seven Lacks, Sixty-two thousand Four

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That hundred and Forty-eight Current Rupees, the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the said Com- Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That pany, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the Annual Amount of Interest payable on the said the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respec- Debts in India, was Forty-eight Lacks, Seven thousand tive Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifi- and Nineteen Current Rupees, cations, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues The said Resolutions being severally read a Second and Customs, for the Year 1788-9, are estimated by Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-the Governor and Council at Madras to amount to upon, agreed to by the House. , the Sum of Thirty-two Lacks, Seventy-six thousand

Two hundred and Nineteen Pagodas, Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is King’* Con.

Rejohed, That it appears to this Committee, That concerned in the Bill for reviving certain Powers the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Bill. 8 the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fubor- Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act dinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, for dividing and inclosing such of the open Parts Customs, and Farms and Licences, amounted, on the *« of the District called The Forest of in

Average of Three Years, from 1785-6 to 1787-8, the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Con-both inclusive, to the Sum of Eleven Lacks, Seventy- ftableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein six thousand Three hundred and'Fifty-six BombayRu- «r mentioned," and by an Act of the Fourteenth Year pees, of His Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Act, and for making the said Two Acts more effec-the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at tual, which Bill was, Yesterday, reported from the the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fubor- Committee to whom the same had been committed; dinate thereto, under the Heads aforesaid, which were Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s estimated for the Year 1787-8 to amount to Eleven Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

Lacks, Seventy-six thousand Six hundred and One having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill,

Bombay Rupees, amounted to Eleven Lacks, Twenty- gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is nine thousand Five hundred and Thirty-four Bombay concerned, that the House may do therein as they Rupees. shall think fit.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Debate on the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fubor- journed Debate on the Motion made upon Wednesday for

dinate thereto, which were estimated *for the Year last, for bringing up a Petition of the Newfmen oif ihNew8mL’ 1787-8 to amount to Thirty-six Lacks, Fifty-one London and Middlesex, then offered to be presented Petition, thousand Two hundred and Forty-five Bombay Rupees, to the House, complaining of that Part of the Bill re uratd* amounted to Thirty-eight Lacks, Three hundred and for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Fifty-eight Bombay Rupees. Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Caras

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That and Dice, which prohibits the lending of News-the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at papers to read for Hire; and praying to be heard, by the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fubor- themselves or Counsel, against the fame.

dinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, And the Question being put, That the said Petition Qaeft.Meg.fer Customs, and Farms and Licences, for the Year be brought up; bringing u u?.

1788*9, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of It passed in the Negative.

Vox.. XLIV. 6 Q_ Ordered,

f’ommitffc on

Ntws.p.^xrrs,

&c. Duty Bill*

Account of Teas loid at the Fad India House, ordered.

Leeornu'sNlt. Bill read*

African Slave Bill committed*

Waya and Means deferred.

Supply defen cd.

Flax and Cotton Bill dcfcried*

West India Trade Bdl defer! cd.

518 30 — 6°

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rdolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Teas sold at the East India House in the Years 1784, 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789, of the fevera) Sorts of Tea specified in the Commutation A ft, with the Prices at which each Sort was put up, and the Average Price at which each Sort was sold at the different Sales; also, of the Quantity of Teas now in their Warehouses in England.

An ingrossbd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Lecomu, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited1 Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House-will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, «« An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and " Cotton in Great Britain

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in " North America and in the West India Islands, and

Julii. A. 1789.

the Countries belonging to the United States of " America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects " and the Foreign Elands in ‘The iVeJl Indies

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Commonable Reading of the Bill to improve the Cultivation of the Boj1* Commonable Lands within that, Part of Great Britain deicned. called England;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Hob re being informed . th^t Mr from office Book of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended, ,af the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to preVented. the House, purluan't to their Order,

A Book, intituled, "Day. Book, 1787, Tobacco

*c Warehouse, Custom House, Lon.

And theft he withdrew. ‘ .

And the Title Of the said Book was read....

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon tfye Yablo, to be perused by the Members of the House.

N.B. The said Book was, by a subsequent Order of the House, of the 31st Instant, returned to the proper Officer.

The other Order of the Day being read;:

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committeeon whole House, to consider further of the Bill for.,re- Tob»ccoB,u-pealing the Duties on Tobacco and, -Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had examined another Witness' in Behalf of the Petition of several ManufactiurefSjof Tobacco and Snuff, on Behalf of therofejves and others* anti that the Counsel for the Petitioners had closejd the Evidence in Support of the said Petition, ^nd that the Committee had made a further Progrefe in tie Bill; and that he was directed by, the Committee to move, that they may haVe Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself intp a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.


And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, T^en of thejClock.

Luna,6° die Julii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*" Regis, 1789.

' 1

Prayers.

MR. Puitenty, from the Select Committee, who Westmintw

were appointed to try and determine the Me-rits of the Petition of Sir Samttel Hood, Baronet; Lord teraun* ‘ Hood in the Kingdom, of Irelandj and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee,

That the Merits of the Petitions did in Part depend

1 upon

upon the Right of Election; the Parties were therefore required to deliver in Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended.

That in Consequence thereof the Petitioner, Lord Hood, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Petitioner, Lord Hood, dates, That the Right " of Election for the City and Liberty of " is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland Lot, within the tJnited Parishes of ^/Largaret " ^nd Saint John, and the several Parishes of Saint " Paul, Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Saint

" George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grarid,in the County of and

" in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the *' Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary-le-u Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy ofcalled The 'Temple Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle " Ward* and PrecinSl of the Savoy "

That the Electors Petitioners delivered in a Statement, as follows

" I4he Electprs Petitioners date. That the Right " of Llection for the City and.Liberty of " is in., the Inhabitants-, Householders paying Scot " and" Lot, within the Uqice.d Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, and the several Parishes of " Saipt Paul, Covent Garden, Saint , Saint James,

Sai'nt George, Hanover jn. the Liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand, in the County of and in

" Tp much of the Parishes of Saint Martin inf be Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary-le- Strand,

" ias are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lacalled The Temple Bar. Ward, The. Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and "PrecinB of the Savoy."

That the Sitting Member, Lord John Townshend, delivered m a Statement, as follows:

" The Pight of Election is in the Inhabitants,

" Householders of the Parishes of Saint Margaret uni "Saint John, Saint George, Hanover Square, Saint

" James, Westminster, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint

Clesnent Danes, Saint Mary-le-Strand. Saint Mary-le- Savoy, Saint Paul, Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Soho,

" and the District of Saint , That, upon the Statements delivered in by the Pe-tioners, the said Select Committee have determined,

' That the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, House-

hol^ers paying Scotland Lot,’ within the United Parishes of Saint Margaret ^nd Saint John, and the fe-. veral Parishes of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand,in the County of

Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary-le-Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Sitting Member, the Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty of Westminster.

That the said Select Committee having proceeded to try the Merits of the several Petitions, the Coun-fel for the respective Petitioners did, this Day, withdraw their several Petitions.

That the said Select Committee have therefore determined, -i.

That the Right honourable John Townshend, commonly called Lord John Townshend, is duly plected a Citizen to serve in this present, Parliament for the said City and Liberty of Westminster.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said Lord Hood did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Electors Petitioners did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said. Lord John Townshend jto the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said‘Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

Anc} the said Determinations were ordered to be-entered in the Journals of this House, . , d

.. Memorandum:

That a Notice, containing so much, of the said, Report as relates to the said Statements of the Right of Election. for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and of the determinations of the said Select Committee thereon, was. sent by Mr. Speaker tq the Returning Officer of the said City and Liberty* and also inferred by the Order of Mr. Speaker in the London Gazette, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections , qr Returns of Members to serve in Parliament*

A Petition of the principal Importers of Tobacco, in the Port of Lwidea, was presented totfyeHouse, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, a Bill is now depending in Parliament, for subjecting the Manufacture of Tobacco and Snuff* to the Law*, of Excile, and they have great Reason to apprehend, if the said Bill should pa£s into a Law, that it will annihilate a great Part of the Manufacture which is now carried on in Great Britain, by Reason of Re-Itrictions which cannot be complied with, and that in Consequence many of the Manufacturers will be induced to go Abroad, for the Purpose of carrying on their Trade without1 such Obltructions, by which Means the Importation of Tobacco into these Kingdoms will be lessened, and the Nation ultimately injured in its Commerce: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of imposing a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the Colonies or

Plantations, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place , ?nd afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Pence per Pound Weight be charged upon all Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Colonies or Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opiniop of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Conveyance from the Ports of ampton and P or tjr,south, to the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on " Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of " Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without; " Cqcquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for *« that Purpose, and for extending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King q " Charles

Petition from the Importers of Tobaoco in the Port of London against the Tobacco Bill,

Report Refe*

lutions for imposing a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the Plantations, &c.

5io

6° Juki. A. 1789.

Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits in the *« Country to be madeLJfe of in the Courts of King’s * Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Isle of Man, and for appointing Ports and Places " for shipping and landing Goods in the said Island," be revived, and continued and extended to the permitting the Removal of Sheep and Lambs, and all other Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported between the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, and Port of in the Isle

of Wight.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Cocoa Nut*, Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said orcimdl Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and- Mr.

Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein for empowering the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs to grant Licences to Open Boats of certain Pescriptions, free from Stamp Duties on the Bonds, and for subjecting Tub Boats of certain Built and Dimensions, and also Vessels of certain Tonnage to which they belong (except Square Rigged Vessels) to Forfeiture;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " and for indemnifying the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and other Persons, for *'*' suspending the Execution of an Act, passed in the

‘last Session of Parliament, . intituled, An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine; and for amending several Laws relative to " the Revenue of Customs," so far as relates to " Boars."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put; indrufiion fur Ordered, That it be an Inftroftion to the Gentle-

SSt5.tS cn *h°o urC w°in'cd i° PrcParc> and bring in, vcffci* to For- the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein feitur*. for empowering the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs to grant Licences to Open Boars of certain Descriptions, free from Stamp Duties on the Bonds, and for subjecting Tub Boats of certain Built and Dimensions, and also Vessels of certain Tonnage to which they belong (except Square Rigged Vessels) to Forfeiture.

Address for Copy of Proceedings of the Treasury with respect to suspending so much of an Act ot lift Session at relates to Boats.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, with respect to the suspending the Execution of so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " more effectually to secure the Performance of Qua- rantine j and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs," as relates to Boats.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

subject Vessels, with Aiding or moveable Keels, to Forfeiture.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving certain Powers KmrtCbo-granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of Ira!* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An ,ipl e Act for dividing and inclosing such of the open " Parts of the District called <Tbc Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Elc- ven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," and by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said Two Acts more effectual, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and " inclosing such of the open Parts of the District called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," and by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said Two Acts tpore effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill t® exempt to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty tien Duty, imposed on such Sales:' And that Mr. Chancellor of wdeted, the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, and Mr. bert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hopfc Debtor* Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred* to consider further of the Bill for the Relief’ of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and forrthe Regulation of Gaols, so far, as relates to imprisoned Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^nBUif C<*~ upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, «« An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and " Cotton in Great Britain," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dempjier took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dempjier reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, apd made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

irftruftion to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle-luhie^ y«nel» men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Kx«i« to for- Bill upon the Resolutions this Day reported from the icitmc. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of imposing a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Colonies or Plantations, and which have been agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill to

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the New»-paper*. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for 8,11

granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Du- "P0*®'1, ties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

29 Geo. III. 6° Julii.

5*i

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the IVade UIL House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 'upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in " North America, and in the West India I (lands, " and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects " and the Foreign Islands in The West be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-, ments thereuntowhich they had directed him to

report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Accounts of Particulars of Miscellaneous Scr rices — and Arrears of Civil List, prefen ted.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Particulars of the Miscellaneous Services, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789, distinguishing each Year: And also,'

An Acdbunt of the Arrears of the Civil List on the ad of July 1789.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Legacies, See. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Duty Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rep°r ' granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with > the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Account* of Ordered', That such a Number of Copies of the JWicuiars of Account of the Particulars of the Miscellaneous Ser-Services — and vices, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of Arrears of January 1789, distinguishing each Year; apd also, berimed.M of the Account of the Arrears of the Civil List on the ad of July 1789, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

African slave to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ' ' upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in

Vol. XLIV.

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and " carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast ,c of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee; .

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Martin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Martin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Martin accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House comtn;Mee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Report on Mr. Committee, to whom the Petition of John *'edeifs

One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Island of Jamaica, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved 'itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for regulating the internal Government of the Scotch Burgh* Royal Burghs in Scotland, was, according to Order, fecontmme read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Quest.Neg. for put, That the Bill be committed; commiUiDg t.

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Bill to efta-Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to 'establish a perpetual Anniversary for the ftevo? Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by »«<' defer-the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from red' Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

6 R The

Ways and Meant deferred.

Commonable

Lands Cultivation Bill put off for Months*

Particular* of Sums received at the Exchequer for Public Use, ordered.

Committee on Tobacco Bill.

Mr. Stone to attend.

KeportSupply.

A Sum to Mr. Reeder.

522 6° — 70 Julii. 1789.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to improve the Cultivation of the Commonable Lands, within that Part of Great Britain. called England;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Particulars of the Account of all Sums received at the Exchequer, for the Public Use, between the 5th January 1786 and the 5th Afril 1789, not included in the Account of the Taxes.

Mr. Gilbert,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, " and in the West India Islands, and the Countries be-te longing to the United States of America, and be-ft tween His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain,

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard the other Counsel for the Petition of several Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff, on Behalf of themselves and others, to sum up the Evidence in Support of the said Petition, and had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Stone do attend the said Committee, Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 70 Julii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

MR. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was readj and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, "be granted to His Majesty, to make Compensation to John Reeder, Esquire, for the Loss he sustained by the dismantling of an Iron Foundry in the Island of Jamaica, in the Year 1782, by Order of Sir Archibald Campbell, then Governor of the said Island.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

4

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Duty on Coals and Culm, separately, carried Coastwise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Years 1787 and 1788; distinguishing each Year, and the Quantity of each, and the different Ports of shipping and landing the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes under the Head of Excise in Scotland, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, under the Head of Excise in Scotland, from the 5th of April 1786 to the 5th of April 1789; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Lecomu, was read a Second Timj.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual En-

*' couragement

West InJfi T1 ade Bill rcpoitcJ.

Account of Duty cn Coals and Culm carried Coast* wife in Scotland, presented.

Account* of

Produce of Excise Taxes in Scotland, presented.

LecormrsNat. Bill committed.

Flax and Cotton Bill reported.

523

Instruftiont resp.£ling Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and Dealers in Brandy.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

Accounts pr clouted.

Produce of Land Tax.

Produce of Taxes levied in Scotland.

19 Geo. III. 70

couragcment of the Manufactures of Flax and te Cotton in Great Britain," was committed.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for exempting Persons ltcensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not . being Retailers, Reflifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend

their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordinglyand returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House, in Westmin and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly."

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren , Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in minster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Sjpeaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into West-tninsler Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Land Tax, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789: And also,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Taxes levied in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under the Management of the Commissioners of Taxes, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishing each Tax.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peril fed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the First of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That their Address of ‘Thursday last (to request that H is Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain, to cause a Survey to be made, together with an Estimate of the Expence of making Roads of Communication between the Eastern and Western Coasts of Scotland, through the Shires of Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, and Caithness) had been

presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the principal Importers of Tobacco in the Port of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, a Bill is now depending in Parliament, for subjecting the Manufacture of Tobacco and Snuff to the Laws of Excise, and they have great Reason to apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, that it will annihilate a great Part of the Manufacture which is now carried on in Great Britain, by Realon of Re-strictions which cannot be complied with, and that, in Consequence, many of the Manufacturers will be induced to go to some Part of the Continent, for the Purpose of carrying on their Trade without such Obstructions, by which Means the Importation of Tobacco into these Kingdoms will be lessened, and the Nation ultimately injured in its Commerce: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Teas sold at the East India House in the Years 1784, 1785, 1786, 1787, 1788, and 1789, of the several Sorts of Tea specified in the Commutation Act, with the Prices at which each Sort was put up, and the Average Price at which each Sort was sold at the different Sales; also, of the Quantity of Teas now in their Warehouses in England.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

Answer to Address*

Petition from the Importers of Tobacco in Bristol against the Tobacco Bill.

Account of Teas loid at the East India House, presented.

Tea Draw*

back Bill committed.

Bill to appoint Com-irissioner* to enquire into Emoluments of Cutlom House Officers, ordered.

Custom House Officers Commissioners Bill presented.

Cocoa Nuts* &c. Bill prefen ted.

Examination before the Privy Council respcCling the Stock of Wheat and Flour in Hand, presented.

referred to a Committee.

Particulars of Sums received at the Exchequer for Public Use, piefented.

524 7 6 JuliLA. 1789.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Commissioners to enquire into the Annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue: And that Mr. Mr.

Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rqfe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Commissioners to enquire into the Annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the Br Plantations; for reviving an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the Removal of Sheep from the Ports of Southampton and to

Cowes, and for permitting the Removal of Sheep and Lambs, and all other Goods (not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported) between the said Ports reciprocally, wichout Cocket or Bond, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for empowering the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs to grant Licences to Open Boats of certain Descriptions, free from Stamp Duties on the Bonds; for subjecting Tub Boats of certain Built and Dimensions, and Vessels of certain Tonnage, to which they belong (except Square Rigged Vessels) and also Vessels with Sliding or Moveable Keels, to Forfeiture: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Several Papers, containing Copies of the Examination before the Committee of the Privy Council for the Affairs of Trade, respecting the Stock of Wheat and Flour at present in Hand for the Supply of this Kingdom.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of a Select Committee: And that they do examine the fame; and report their Opinion and Observations thereupon to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Pulteney, Mr. force, Mr. IluJJey, Sir Edward Sift ley. Sir Charles tiaby, Mr. Alderman Newnham, Mr. , Mr.

Blackburne, the Lord Westcote the Marquis of ham, Mr. Gajcoyne, *Mr. Samuel 'Thornton, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Eliot, the Earl of And they

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee do withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Haworth, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Particulars of the Account of all Sums received at the Exchequer, for " the Public Use, between the 5th January 1786 and " the 5th April 1789, not included in the Account " of the Taxes."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivor-ship, in Classes; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace withiA the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of Marston upon , Hatton, Hoon, and Hoon Hay, in the Parish of Marftop upon Dove, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of West Haddle/ey, Chapel dlejey, and East Haddlejey, and Temple Hirft, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to HaJ-lingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjhut Bridge, in the Town of Whalley, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todptorden, and for making a Road from the said Road between Bury and Hajlingden, in the Township of V/almcrsley, to the River Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting Gaols; to which the Lords d^fire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further

in

The Lordt have agreed to

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship.

Indemnity

Bill.

Marston upon Dove Indofuie Bill.

Haddlefey Inclosure and Drainage Bill.

Bury and Haflmgden Roads Bill.

Pawnbrokers Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords have pasted Bill respetfing Gaols.

The Lords will proceed

Tomorrow ca

Mr. Hastings't Trial.

Accounts re-ijpefting the Bast India Company’s Debts and Sales — and Statements of their Debts and Effects, ordered.

29 Geo. III. 70 — 8°

in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Mornings at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, explaining the 1 Difference between the Amount of the Debts of the* India Company in England, as it was estimated, in 1788, that it would stand on ift March 1789, and as it actually flood on ift March 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparison between the Estimate and Actual Amount of the Sales of the East India Company, from March 1786 to March 1789, also between the Estimate of the Sales from March 1789 to March 1790, as formed in 1786 and in 1789.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* a Statement of the Debts of the East India Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from India, agrees able to the Orders of 15th September 1785 and 31st July 1787) and a Statement of the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float Outward, as they flood respectively on 31st January 1788 and 31st January 1789.

Julii 525

Lieu thereof, after the House Should have received and proceeded upon the Report from the Sclcft Committee, to whom the several Papers, containing Copies of the Examination before the Committee of the Privy Council for the Affairs-of Trade, respecting the Stock of Wheat and Flour at present in Hand for the Supply of this Kingdom, were referred, being read;

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to copfider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee; That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Tobacco Bill, whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the' Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Bill} and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, after the House shall have received and proceeded upon the Report from the Select Committee, to whom the several Papers containing Copies of the Examination before the Committee of the Privy Council for the Affairs of Trade, respecting the Stock of Wheat and Flour at present in Hand for the Supply of this Kingdom, were referred, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Report on Ex- Mr. Pulteney reported from the Select Committee,

amination be- to whom the several Papers containing Copies of the Council re-V^ Examination before the Committee of the Privy speaing the Council for the Affairs of Trade, respecting the Stock wheae°and Wheat and Flour at present in Hand for the Sup-Ftour in Hand, ply of this Kingdom, were referred; and who were directed to examine the fame, and report their Opinion and Observations thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the said Papers accordingly, and had come to a Resolution, which they had direct;ed him to report to the House; and he . read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

’ it mat the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, from a 1 Comparative View of the Prices of Corn in France and

1 England, that ao,oooo Sacks of Flour ought not to be exported at this Time.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Committee on The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve Tqbuco Bill. jtfcif into a Committee of the whole House, to con-j fider further of the Bill for repealing the Duties on

Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in

Vol. XLIV.

Mercuriiy 8° die Julii;

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789:

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An GaoU Bill Act for the more effectual Execution of the read*

Laws respecting Gaols, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed;

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to lecortm’aNat. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An B,l! «p°r>ed. Act for naturalizing Peter Lecornu, was committed; *" p That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trill of Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Httt,ns* Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there Wat no Person in the said Places or Passages.

6 S And

8° Julii. 1789*

The LorJt have agreed to

Scotch Distil-lei y Bill*

York and Craike Road Bill.

The Lords will proceed on the Fifft Tuesday in the next Session on Mr. Halting*'* Trial.

Supply deferred.

Way* and

Means deferred*

TeaDrawback

B.11 deferred.

T cb.icco Bill deferred.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committeeuf the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into ntinfterHall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the " several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines " and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other " Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in " Lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to " Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to

" continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the " Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits " for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu " thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinu-<c ing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from West " Indies," and to revive and continue the said last-

mentioned Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of , and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road, from the said Road in Sutton Field, through

Craike, towards OulJIcn, to the Extent of the Lordship

of Craike, in the County of York; without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, upon the First

Tuesday in the next Session of Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of and JeiJey, and to

Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Fire of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meri.

The House being informed that Mr. , from Account*

the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Company'* to the House, pursuant to their Orders, salelL^wd

N° 1. An Account, explaining the Difference be- statement* of tween the Amount of the Debts of the East India Com- their Debt* pany in England, as it was estimated, in 1788, that it would stand on ill March 1789, and as it actually stood on 1st March 1789: And also,

N° 2. A Comparison between the Estimate and.

Actual Amount of the Sales of the East India Company, from March 1786 to March 1789, also between the Estimate of the Sales from March 1789 to March 1790, as formed in 1786 and in 1789: And also,

N° 3. A Statement of the Debts of the East India Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from India, agreeable to the Orders of the 15th of September 1785 and the 31st July 1787) and a Statement of the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float Outward, as they stood respectively on the 31st January 1788 and the 31st January 1789.

Together with a List of tl}e said Account and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, Fi*nd made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His p"^nB, U present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of " Flax and Cotton in Great Britain," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and*

" Cotton in Great Britain."

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

A Bill to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or Custom House the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Com- 0/5.cer*

1 7 1 rr r i_ miuloner* Bill

missioners to enquire into the Annual Amount of the committed. Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Cocoa Nut*, Nuts imported into the British) Plantations; for reviv- com‘

ing an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of 5 His

Supply de* fared*

Way* and Means deferred*

Auction Duty, *c. Bill prefinted.

/Committee on Tea Draw* back Bill.

Drawback on Exportation of Coffee import ed, to be confidtred.

ip Geo. III. 8 0 Julii.517

His present Majesty, to pfcrmit the Removal of Sheep

from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to Cowes, and for permitting the Removal of Sheep and Lambs, and all other Goods (not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported) between the said Ports reciprocally, without Cocket or Bond, under

certain Regulations and Restrictionrs; for empowering the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs to grant Licences to Open Boats Of Certain Descriptions, free from Stamp Duties' on the Bonds; for subjecting Tub’Boats of certain Btiilt and Dimeiifiorts, and Vessels of certain Tonnage to which they belong (except Square Rigged Vessels) and also Vessels with Sliding or Moveable Keels, to Forfeiture, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this Hohfe will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a ChrtimittOe of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Afternoon, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, being read j Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Afternoon, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majfeity, being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Roje prefen ted to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to exempt all Piece Goods Wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Atrftlon, from the Duty imposed on such Sales for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Rcftifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Afternoon, upon the Bill for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the lllands of Guernsey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America, being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feverat Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-motrow Morning.

Rejohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting a further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee imported.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for farther regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

And the said Amendment was read) and is as followethj viz.

Pr. 42. 1. 34. At the End of the Bill insert, And be it further Enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That " this Act shall be in force for " One whole Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Parliament, " and no longer."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnbam do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordlhlps.

Resolved, That this House will, imrrtediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Duty to be imposed upon Licences to be taken out by Manufacturers in Tobacco and Snuff.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the Ihme.

Ordered, That the Report Be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions whiqh the Committee had dirfefted him to report to the House j which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, previous to the 10th Day of November 1790, shall take out a Licence, to be in Force to the said 10th Day of November 1790, and shall pay for the same the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the 10th Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence mail be charged With the Yearly Sum of Forty ShilliUgs, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall not have exceeded, within the Year, ending the 10th Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of Twenty thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is thevOpirtion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the xoth Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Li-certce, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Three Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the 10th Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of Twenty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded Thirty thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person Who shall manufacture Tobacco,

or

Lord* Amend* ment to Pawnbroker! Bill agreed to*

Committee to consider of a Duty on Licences to be taken out by Manufa6hirers in Tobacco and SnutF.

reported*

5l8

Or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the ioth Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Four Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the 10th Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of Thirty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded Forty thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the ioth Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the ioth Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity, of Forty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded Fifty thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the ioth Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Six Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the ioth Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, 'the Quantity of Fifty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded Sixty thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great , after the ioth

Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Seven Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the ioth Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of Sixty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded Seventy thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great , after the ioth

Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Eight Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the ioth Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of Seventy thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded Eighty thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the ioth Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Nine Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the ioth Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of Eighty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded Ninety thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the ioth Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, 2

1789.

and Tobacco Stalks* manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the 10th Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of Ninety thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded One hundred thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the ioth Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Twelve Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the ioth Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of One hundred thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the ioth Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the ioth Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Weight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall manufacture Tobacco, or Tobacco Stalks, in Great Britain, after the ioth Day of November 1790, shall take out an Annual Li-cehce, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds, if the Quantity of Tobacco, and Tobacco Stalks, manufactured by him, shall have exceeded, within the Year, ending the ioth Day of October in each Year, previous to his taking out such Licence, the Quantity of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Weight.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Qtieftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

The other Order of the Day being read -,

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,

8° Julii.

Committee om Tobacco Bill.

29 Geo. III. 9° — io

Jovis, 9* Julii;

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

House ad. H E House met, and being counted by Mr.

journcd. Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were

not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 1 o° die Julii;

Anno 20° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Julii., 529

for permitting the Removal of Sheep and Lambs, and all other Gbods (not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported) between the said Ports reciprocally, without Cocket or Bond, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for empowering the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs to grant Licences to Open Boats of certain Descriptions, free from Stamp Duties on the Bonds; for subjectingTub Boats of certain Built and Dimensions, and Vessels of certain Tonnage to which they belong (except Square Rigged Vessels) and also Vessels with Sliding or Moveable Keels, to Forfeiture.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone thrQugh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Produce of Costoms in Scotland.

D*.

Prayers.

Account* 11 a H E House being informed that Mr. Irving,

pn&nted. J Inspector General of the Exports and Imports

of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called , in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789; distinguishing each Year, and distinguisliiijg and deducing the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year; And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 5 th of April 1786 to the 5th of 1789; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of Excise on Salt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1789; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of Excise on Salt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 5th of April 1786 'to the 5th of April 1789; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing and deducting the Amount of any extraordinary Sums received not properly belonging to the Income of the Year: And also,

WoodDutie*. An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties on Wood, from the 5th of January 1785 to the 5th of January 1789; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Excise on Salt in Scotland.

IK

Custom House Officers CommissionersBilL

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Commissioners to enquire into the Annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday ’Morning next.

Committee to consider of Drawback on Exportation of Coffee imported.

reported.

Committee on Cocoa Nuts, &c. Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations; for reviving an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the Removal of Sheep from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to Cowes, and VouXLIV.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conG-der of granting a further Time for allowing the Drawback' upon the Exportation of Coffee imported.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company, in the Ship Lord,

in the Year 1786.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company, in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year 1786: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and Wir.Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to exempt all Piece Goods wovie in this Aoaion Duty, Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from f0cn')t®j|1ed

6 T the eom,m

Bill ordered.

House rofolvet to adjourn to Monday.

Ter. Drawback Bill reported.

Committee appointed to consider

Stand Orders relative to Navigation*.

West India Trad* Bill patted.

53°

i o° J

A. 1789.

the Duty imposed on such Sales; for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Rectifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

rica, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign I (lands in The West

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty feve- Newi-papo-s, ral additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Adver- Bl11

tisements, and on Cards and Dice, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of Gtiernfey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland ox America, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to const-der of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications made to this House, for the Purpose of making Navigable Canals, or improving the Navigation of Rivers.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Smith, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr.

the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Burges, Mr. Master, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Alderman Newnbam, Mr. Beaufoy, the Lord ll'eftcote, Mr. Brett, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Smyth, Mr. Salt, Mr. Hobart, Sir James Mr. Gamon, Mr. Lee, Mr. Mr. Sir Wat-

kin Lewes, the Lord Newhaven, Mr. Burton; and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantatiens in North ylmeric a, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United " States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects " of H is Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North " America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty feve- Leveies, See. ral additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Dm> bui Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Le- pallcJ‘ gacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Debtor* Bill ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole def£rred* House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors.

Ordered, That the Petition of the United Company East India of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which was presented to the House upon the ift Day re!ito°» Com" of this Instant July, be referred to the Consideration mitteeoftbe of a Committee of the whole House. whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Account and Papers, which were presented to the House upon Wednesday last, by Mr.

Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Account* of Account of Stock, as made up at the East India House, Stockland of by Computation, Annually, on the 1 ft: of March, from the different 1781 to the present Year, bQth inclusive, and includ- s®rts of Tcm

11 > 1 , . , ’ , r Annually (old,

ing all the Debt ordered to be transferred from &c. ozdeied. India.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of the different Sorts of Teas, as specified in the Commutation Act, Annually fold for the Seven Years preceding that Act; also, of the Resting Stock in their Warehouses during that Period, at the Close of the last Sale in each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into African si»*e further Consideration the Report from the Committee Bl11 of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, uAn Act to regulate, for a limited " Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in " Vessels, from the Coast of Africa," was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

3 The

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred*

Tobacco Bill deferred.

Sill to established a Thanks-giving for the devolution, deferred*

Motion for appointing a Committee to enquire into the Public Income and £x«-penditure, Sec, Neg.

Royal Assent to Bills*

29 Geo. III. 10° — 130 Julii. 531

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of7 the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion was rriade, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of the Public Income and Expenditure, the Progress actually made in the Reduction of the National Debt since the Year 1786, and into the Grounds on which a Reduction of the same may be expected in future; and to report the fame, with their Observations thereon, to the House: And that the said Committee do consist of Henry Bankes, Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, George Dempster, Esquire, Drake,

' Junior, Esquire, William Hujfey, Esquire, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, James Esquire, James

Martin, Esquire, Mr. Alderman Edward

Pbelips, Esquire, Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Sir George Augustus William

Shuckburgh, Baronet, Mr. Alderman and the

Earl of Wycombe;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House, having continued to fit till One of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 130 die yulii;

Anno a9* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

AM ESS AGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.,

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great

Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highncft the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Leeds, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, .'by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Sur-vivorship, in Classes.

An Act for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, f< An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, n and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation " of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other " Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating " the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and " to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the f< Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and " securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu " thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and " Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from 'The " West Indies," and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

An Act for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously de-

stroying

53*

130 JuliL

A\ 1789.

stroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for, or used in, the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for M deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of , for

" supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome " Water, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Places within of the said Town."

An Act for continuing, and making more effectual* the Acts of Parliament for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of , in

the County of Suffolk.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of in the County of Southampton, to or near in the

Parish of Millbrook, in the said County.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of West Chapel Haddle/ey, and East Haddle/ey, and temple in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor <tf the Parish of Saint Hanover

Square, within the Liberty of the City of j

for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating to the said Parish.

An Act for paving the Footways of the several Streets, public Passages, and Places within the Town of Chelms/ord, and Hamlet of in the Parish

of Chelms/ord, in the County of and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching such Streets, and other public Places, within that Part of the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, which lies on the North and

South Sides of the new Road leading from Paddington to JJlington, called Sommers Town, and is now actually

leased to Jacob Leroux, Esqeire, for building upon, or that may be hereafter leased for the like Purpose, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

An Act for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from Injury by Encroachments and Annoyances, for enlarging or rebuilding the present Pump Rooms there, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious.

An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of berrow, in the County of and Cor/e

till it joins the Road from Gloucester to

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts, of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for making the same more effectual.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the County of Worce/ler, and to the Upper End of Gannow Green,in the Parish of grove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Wo, so far as relates to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton, and Hockley Heath, in the County of Warwick.

An Act for enlarging the T erms of Three Acts, made in the Second, Seventeenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from hlll, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Road?, and other feoads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford.

An Act for applying the Sum of One thousand Pounds, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards completing and fiipishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburn/patbin the County of Berwick.

An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in , now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Haslingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjhut , in the Town of Whalley, and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden, and for making a Road from the said

Road between Bury and Haslingden, in the Township of Walmerfley, to the River Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford-, and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge, and also for making and keeping in Repair the Roads from the said City of Hereford to Hoarwithy Passage, through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of O/waldkirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road, from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulflon, ro the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York.

An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, late the Estate of Elizabeth Par/on, deceased. Wife of John Par/on, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William John Arabin, Esquire, with Henrietta his now

Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Brantley, in the Parish of Leeds, and County of York.

An

African Slave . Bill re-committed*

Committee on Standing Orders relative to Navigations, to report Opinion*

Cocoa Nuts, &c. Bill reported*

1 o Geo. III. 130 Julii. 533

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of Marston Dove, Hatton, Hoon, and Hoon Hay, in the Parish of ston upon Dove, in the County of Derby.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of Bums a in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Sibford Ferris, in the Parish of Sw in the County of Oxford.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of maston next Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Moor.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cold Kirkby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of ton, in the Parish of Lockington, and County of Leicester.

An Act for naturalizing John Henry Fock, called Baron de Robeck.

An Act for naturalizing

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time,

" the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications made to this House, for the Purpose of making Navigable Canals, or improving the Navigation of Rivers, That they have Power to report their Opinion to the House upon the Matters referred to their Consideration.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the Britif.? Plantations; for reviving an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Vol. XLIV. 8 .

Majesty, to permit the Removal of Sheep from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to , and for permitting the Removal of Sheep and Lambs, and all other Goods (not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported), between the said Ports reciprocally, without Cocket or Bond, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for empowering the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs to grant Licences to Open Boats of certain Descriptions, free from Stamp Duties on the Bonds; for subjecting Tub Boats of certain Built and Dimensions, and Vessels of certain Tonnage to which they belong (except Square Rigged Vessels) and also Vessels with Sliding or Moveable Keels, to Forfeiture, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 9. 1. 7. by inserting after the Word " Portsmouth " the Words " or from any other Port, " and not to be carried to Open Sea."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relative to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off* several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets; to the difeon-tinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for constituting the Church of Giles, in the

Parish of Pontefrabt,in the County of the Parish

Church, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint fames, , and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The ’s End, in the Parish

of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

6 U and

The Lords have agreed to

Expiring Laws

Pontefract Church Bill*

Saint James,

Westminster, Burial Ground Bill.

Heywo'xi Hoad Bill.

Hat (ton Inclosure Bill*

Satadin'* Nat. Biit.

Whale Fishe-rtes Bill.

Wyherton Inclosure Bill, 'vuh Amend* nients.

Committee on Laws relating to the Importation and t xpoi tati<»n of Coi n and Gram.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Custom House Otiiceis Com* nnlTioneri Bill reported.

Coffee Drawback Bill presented*

534 13° Juki. . 1789.

and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in

the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of , in the Parts of

Holland, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Melfcngers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee j

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed, by the Committee, to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn add Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Secretary Grenville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ro/e, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Commissioners to enquire into the Annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I Ioule.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Lord

Camden, in the Year 1786: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting Gaols, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales j for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted j and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Reftifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of Stock, as made up at the East India House, by Computation, Annually, on the 31st January, from 1781 to the present Year, both inclusive, and including all the Debt ordered to be transferred from India: And also,

N° a. An Account of the Quantities of the different Sorts of Teas, as specified in the Commutation Act, Annually fold for the Seven Years preceding that Act; also, of the Resting Stock in their Ware-houses during that Period, at the Close of the last Sale in each Year.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies.

The said Accounts arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boughton Rcufe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boughton Rouse reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

G tols Bill committed*

Aufl ion Duty* &c. Bill de. fcricd.

Accounts of East India Stock; and of the different Sorts of Teas Annually (old, presented.

Committee on East India Company’* Petition.

i9 Geo. III. 130 — 140 — 150 Juki. 535

Tobacco Bill Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported reported, and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom re-commute . gjii fQr repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

(afidered. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said _ Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart cook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

was committed* be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 140 dieJulii;

Anno 29* Georgii III. U Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House ad.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members journed. were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock,

Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question-first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 die Julii;

Answer to Addrel's*

Copy of Proceedings of the Treasury with respect to suspending so much of Act of last Session as relates to Boats, pre-iented.

Debtors Bill deterred.

Supply deterred.

Ways and Means de-icried.

Bill toestablifti a Thanksgiving for the Resolution, deferred.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That their Address of last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the"Copy of the Proceedings therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their

Address to His Majesty,

A Copy.of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, with respect to the suspending the Execution of so much of an Act, passed in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act more effectually to secure the Performance " of Quarantine; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs," as relates to Boats.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session. *

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoWe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniverlary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate, Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights,

Anno 29° Georgii III*" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

D E S O L VE D, That this House will, immediate- Committee on ly, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole African slave House, to consider further of the Bill to continue and BlU‘ amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time,

the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, cc from the Coast of Africa."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burges reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lord*

Wtalker: hive a£‘CtJ to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Knarefco-Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, yys1' t'west made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His pre- 1 sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and " inclosing such of the open Parts of the District " called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of " York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof,

,{ and for other Purposes therein mentioned," and by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said Two Acts more effectual; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Horsesard . Act for granting to His Majesty several additional S'"tr,aue|J Rates and Duties upon Hori'es, and Carriages with uty 1 Four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with TwoorThrce Wheels therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Cromfonl Canal Bill*

Lords Amendment* to Wyberton Inclosure Bill agreed to*

536 150 Julii. A. 1789.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Canal, at or near Langley B, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1. 23. Leave out ,c Fourteen," and insert " Ten."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dudley North do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of Wyberton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. 63. I. 19. Leave out " Fourteen," and insert " Ten."

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door j he was called in ,* and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant o^thVprX to their Order, cut>°" a?ainst

An Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

1

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Messrs. Wallis and Broward, Solicitors, for Expences — — —

Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Deputy Great Chamberlain, D# in hiring Door-

£. s. d.

15*657 — 10

1,000 — —

\Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to reimburse him the like Sums paid by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, to the following Persons -,

William Blanchard, for taking Minutes in Short Hand —

The Clerk of the Journals, and Copying Clerk of the House of Lords, for making Searches, and compiling Extracts from the Journals, relative to Impeachments — — —

The Clerk Assistant to the House of Lords, for various Services performed, and Expences incurred, in the Sessions 1787 and

Seven Assistant Door-keepers, in Sessions 1788 — —

500 17 —

ao ——

99 5 —

147 15 6

George White, Esquire, for Expences as Clerk to the Committee of Managers — Messrs. Eyre and Straban, for printing Copies of Minutes of the Evidence, between 31st of March and 4th June 1788 — — . — —

767 17 6 338 14 — 2,548 14 —

20,312 6 4

Memorandum. The Sum of £. 5,500, Part of the above Sum of £. 15,657. — 10 has been directed at the Receipt of the Exchequer, but not yet received.

Exchequer, the 14th Day of July 1789.

James Fisher.

Ordered,

Report from Committee appointed to consider Standing Orders relative to Navigations.

29 Geo. III.

15° J

537

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications made to

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for granting further Time for allowing the

this House, for the Purpose of making Navigable Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported Canals, or improving the Navigation of Rivers, and by th Company in the Ship Lord

Coffee Drawback Bill committed*

in the Year 1786, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bast i»«k* the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider

who were empowered to report their Opinion to the House upon the Matters referred to their Confederation; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Refolu-tiens thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read i and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, taken the said Standing Orders into Con- of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants ported.

sideration, and find, that the said Orders do not extend to the giving public Notices of the Intention of applying to Parliament for the above-mentioned Purposes. Your Committee have therefore come to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That before any Petition is presented to this House for making a Canal for the Purposes of Navigation, or for any other public Purpose, or for making or

of England,trading to the East Indies, be now re-

ceived.

Mr. Boughton Rouse accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

improving the Navigation of a River, or for altering That the East India Company be enabled to raise a any Act of Parliament pafifed for either of those Pur- Sum of Money, by adding One Million Pounds, Ca-poses, Notice of such intended Application to Par- pital Stock, to their present Capital of Four Million liament be given at the General Quarter Sessions of Pounds, so as to make their whole Capital Stock in

the Peace which shall be held for every and each future Five Millions; and that such- Addition be

County or District through which such Canal or Na- made by opening a Subscription to the Amount of the vigation passes, or is intended to be carried, at the said Million Pounds, Capital Stock, at the Rate of Michaelmas immediately preceding the Session of Par- One hundred and Seventy Pounds for every One hun-liament in which such Petition is to be presented. dred Pounds of such Capital Stock, or at such other Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Rate as the Court of Directors of the said Company, That this Notice be given by affixing to the Door of with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the the Sessions House where such General Quarter Sef- Treasury, shall direct; and that the Subscribers to fions are held, a printed or written Paper, describing the same be declared entitled to the like Profits, Be-the Parishes through which the said Canal or Navi- nefits, and Privileges in respect thereof, as the Pro-

gation pafifes, or is intended to be carried, and that prietors of East India Stock are, or may be, entitled

such Notice be also printed in some one NeVvs-paper of the County, or, if there is no such Paper printed for that County, then in the Newspaper of some near or adjoining County, Three Times at least, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That when any Petition for a Canal or Navigation, or for renewing or altering any Act of Parliament passed for either of those Purposes, hath been presented to the House, the Committee, to whom the said Petition shall be referred, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Orders contained in the Two preceding Refo-

to, in respect of their present Stock.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Boughton Rouse, Mr. Henry Dundas, and Mr. Secretary Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Grenville presented to the House, by Letter fom His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Cuf- state of a toms, transmitting Copy of a Letter from the princi- Cargo of pal Officers at Liverpool, relative to the State of a York lutions have been complied with; and the Chairman Cargo of Wheat from New York, now on Board the presented. of such Committee shall report the same to the House Ship Boon, at that Port, on the Report of such Petition. And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the

Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- Consideration of the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which

Returns of Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, J>re-fented.

upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this Hoqfe.

Mr. Bernard przkntcdto the House, pursuant to the

Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those presented to the House of Commons on the 10th of June 1788.

Together with a List of the said Returns-.

And the said Lift was read.

Vol. XLIV.

Papers wmch were presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 7th Day of last, containing the Proceedings of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, and Information received, respecting an Infeft supposed to infeft the Wheat of the Territories of the United States of America.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff,

6 X and

Tobacco re-committed Bill reported.

15° Julii. A. 1789.

and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with ' the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that Persons aggrieved by a Determination of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace, may bring an Action of Trespass against such Commissioners or Justices, in which Action the Condemnation or Conviction shall not be pleaded in Bar, or in Abatement, or given in Evidence on the Trial of such Action, but that such Action shall be tried as if no such Condemnation or Conviction had been made.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Sir Catkin Lewes, 1 Mr. Alderman > 16.

: J

Ttllm for the Noes, {|£; } 65.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 52. 1. 20. by inserting, after the Word " Warehouses," the Words " Provided never-<c. theless. That the Proprietor or Proprietors of such unmanufactured Tobacco shall pay Warehouse Relit after the Rate of Six Pence per Week for each and every Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Cafe, of such Tobacco as shall remain in such Warehouse or Ware- houses, after the Expiration of Eighteen Months, " to be computed from the Day on which the Im- porter or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, " Consignee or Consignees of such Tobacco, shall or ought to have made his or their Entry thereof, as " aforesaid."

And an Objection being taken, that the said Amendment could not be made, confidently with the Orders of the House, on the Report of the said Bill;

The said Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 63. 1. 14. by inserting, after the Words " Great Britain," the Words " unless such " Place or Places shall be a City or Suburbs thereof, or a Market Town within Three Miles of some Port into which Tobacco may be imported under " this Act, and in which the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff shall be carried on at the Time of passing this Act

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving our the Words " within Three Miles of some Port into which Tobacco " may be imported under this Act, and." *

And the Question being put. That those Words Hand Part of the said Amendment}

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 177. 1. 15. by leaving Out the Words

Meaning of this

that all Sand fifted from Tobacco Smalls, or from Short-cut Tobacco, shall be deemed and taken to " be Tobacco Sand, within the " Aft}"

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act against clandestine Running of " Uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being pur, Thac the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Bill

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas >\ mI. FLnr 6a‘

f Sir Wat kin

Tellers for the Noes, Mr. Alderman 14.

t bam:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed }

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

70-

Tellers for the Noes,

1

20.

Sir Watkin,

Mr. Alderman Saw-bridge:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time, upon Friday Morning ne*t, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That in all Cases of Petitions complaining of an undue Election or Return, or of the Omission of a Return, or of the Insufficiency of a Return, the several Parties to whom Notice shall be given by the Speaker, pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts for the Trial of controverted Elections or Returns, do, by themselves, or their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, or by the Committee appointed for the Trial of such Petitions, deliver to the other Parties respectively, or their Agents, Lifts of the Voters who were admitted to vote, and are intended to be objected to by them, or who were rejected, and are intended to be established by them, specifying in the said Lifts the several Heads of Objection intended to be made, and distinguisliing the same against the Names of the Voters.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the Ploufe, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will,. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting Gaols.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself iuto a Committee of the whole House,

Motion for Parties complaining of undue Elections to deliver Lilts of Voters intended to be objected to, &c. withdrawn.

Debtors Bill defcired.

Gao’s Bill deferred.

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Bill toestablish a

Thanksgiving for the Resolution, deferred.

The Lords have agreed to

West India Trade Bill.

Legacies, See. Duty Bill.

Newspapers, &c. Duty Bill.

Flax and Cotton Bill.

East India Company’s Bill presented.

Westminster Society Bill passed.

29 Geo. III.

150 — 16° .

539

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to* commemorate, Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° Julii;

Anno 290 Georgii III. U Regis, 1789. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North " rica, and in the West India Islands, and the Coun-

tries belonging to the United States of " and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the " Foreign Islands in the West Indies ’without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties oa Probates of Wiils, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions ;without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectiial Encouragement of the Manufactures of FTSix and Cotton in Great Britain without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

1.38-

39-

Pr. 12. 1 1

Pr. 13. 1

1

1

Pr. 14. 1 Pr. 16. 1

1

26.

38.

35-

36-40.

38.

39-

Com and Grain, See. Regulation Bill presenttd.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the East India Company to raise Money, by further increasing their Capital Stock: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill.be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing a Society, to be named ‘The Westminster Society for granting Annuities upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 11. After " granting" to insert " and " purchasing."

To leave out the Speaker," and insert " His Majesty’s most " Honourable Privy Council " instead thereof."

To leave out " the House of " Commons," and insert " both Houses of Parliament" instead thereof.

After " granting " to insert " and *f purchasing."

After " granting" to insert " and " purchasing."

After " One" to insert " Two or " more Lives."

To leave out " Life."

After " more" to insert " Lives, " or Two or more."

After of more " to insert " separate " or joint."

After " filed " to insert " of Record."

After " in " to insert " the Office " of the Remembrancer of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose ofestablishing a Society, to be named Westminster Society for granting and purchasing Annui-' ties upon, and insuring of Lives and Survivorships.

Ordered, That Mr. Call do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second^Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, GaofcBil1-upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws rc-spefting Gaols, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. _

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Burges, according to Order, reported from the African si»»« Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a <c limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves,

in Brit iff) Vessels, from the Coast of Africa," was recommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

2 the

Committee to con fid er of allowing a Drawback on Tea exported to Africa.

reported.

leave riven to offer a Clause.

American Loyalists Commissionera Bill ordered.

Cocoa Null,

A: Ok, Bill patted*

160 Julii. A. 1789.

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Tea exported to Africa.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Drawback be allowed upon the Exportation of Tea to Africa, as is now allowed on the Exportation thereof to His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution, upon the Third Reading of the Bill for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of and

Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have sufferedv in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations; for reviving an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the Removal of Sheep from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmoulb to Cowes, and for permitting the Removal of Sheep and Lambs, and all other Goods (not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported) between the said Ports reciprocally, without Cocket or Bond, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for empowering the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs to grant Licences to Open Boats of certain Descriptions, free from Stamp Duties on the Bonds; for subjecting Tub Boats of certain Built and Dimensions, and Vessels of certain Tonnage to which they belong (except Square Rigged Vessels) and also Vessels with Sliding or Moveable Keels, to Forfeiture, was rettd the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for charging a Duty on Foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into the British Plantations; for reviving

an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to permit the Removal of Sheep from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to Cowes, and for permitting the Removal of Sheep and Lambs, and all other Goods (not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported) between the said Ports reciprocally, without Cocket or Bond, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for empowering the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs to grant Licences to Open Boats of certain Descriptions, free from Stamp Duties on the Bonds; for subjecting Tub Boats of certain Built and Dimen-flons, and Vessels of certain Tonnage to which they belong (except Square Rigged Vessels) and also Vessels with Sliding or Moveable Keels, to Forfeiture.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the like Drawback TeaD.mvhnck on Teas exported to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, Bill passed, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of

Europe, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Tea to Africa.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that the Bond shall not be discharged until Proof is made, by the Oath of the Master, that the Tea is landed in Africa.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of £«-rope, and to Africa, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to authorize the Lord High Trea- Custom Houfi surer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint 2!mune« k"*i Commissioners to enquire into the Annual Amount of paiiej. the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 1. Before " Commissioners" to insert " Two of the," and after " Commissioners" to insert " of the ct Customs in England, and One of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Two of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and One of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to enquire into the Annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons -employed in that Revenue.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

6 A Motion

541

16° — 17° Jttlii.

Motion for calling in Mr. Troward, withdrawn.

Committee on Debtors Bill.

reported.

Bill to establishaThankf-giving for the Resolution, reported*

Coffee Drawback Bill deferred.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Mr. Troward, Solicitor to the Managers

of the Trial of the Impeachment against tings, Esquire, be now called in;

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

S\r William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for' the Use of the Members of the House,

Ordered, That Mr. Beau/oy do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God', for having, *by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, was committed.

Mr. Beaufoy accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read }

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee imported by the Ea India Company, in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year 1786,

Veneris, 17® die Julii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*" Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

nESOLVED, That this House will, attheRifing House refold* of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

to adjourn to Monday.

Sir James Johnstone added to the Committee appointed to inspect the Buildings adjoining to Westminster Hall, See.

Accounts pre Tented.

Ships cleared from Liverpool, Lancaster, &c. to the West Indies.

Ships arrived in Liverpool, Lancaster, &c. from the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. XLIV.

Ordered, That Sir "James Johnstone be added to the

Committee, who are appointed to inspect the several Houses, and other Buildings, immediately adjoining to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament, and the Offices thereto belonging; and to report to the House their Opinion, from Time to Time, in what Manner the same may be best secured from the Danger of Fire, and what Improvements it may be proper to make therein.

The House being informed that Mr. Dailey, from the Commi flippers of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, jirefented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that cleared from the Ports of Liverpool,

Bristol, Glasgow, and Greenock, to the British West In-

dia Islands, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Clearance, the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry: And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that arrived in the Ports of Liverpool, Lancaster, Bristol, Glasgow, and Greenock, from the British West India Islands, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Entry, the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry: And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that cleared from the Port of London to the East Indies, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Entry, the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry: And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that arrived in the Port of London from the East Indies, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Entry, the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Extracts of such Parts of the ".Journals of Surgeons employed in the Ships trading to Africa, since the ift August 1788, as relate to the State of the Crew during the Voyage."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second India Reading of the Bill to enable the East India Company BUUo. to raise Money by further increasing their Capital miutd. Stock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

6 Y Resolved,

Ships cleared from London to the East Indies.

Ships arrived in London from the East Indies.

Extracts of Journals of Surgeons employed in African Ships.

Committee of

bcpp!y.

Account of Monies i lit led for catr> ing on iie Prosecution a^ainlt Mr. Halting*, referred*

American l.ovilills Commissioners Bill presented*

Account of Coals and Culm carried Coa it way s,

ordcied*

Tobacco Bill passed.

S41 *7 °j

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been ifl'ued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Hajlings, F.squire, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rcfe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have fiiffered in their Rights, Properties, and ProfdTions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Coals and Culm carried Coastways in England, during the Years 1787 and 1788, with the Duties thereon, and the different Ports of Shipping and Discharge.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Ducies in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for permitting the Importer to keep Tobacco in the King’s Warehouses for a certain Time after the Time now limited by Law, on paying a Weekly Sum for each Hogshead.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read 'Twice, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the First Blank with the Words " Six Pence

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Hi. A. 1789.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly, reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Bill do pass.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, Withdrawn.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for permitting the Manufacturer to stove Tobacco or Snuff at the Mill.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accounts and Paper, which were this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Dailey, from the Commissioners of the Customs, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of the several Counties in England and Wales do, early in the next Session of Parliament, transmit to the Clerk of this House correct Accounts of the Costs allowed on Taxation, in their several County Courts, in Actions tried therein, whether by Common Plaint, in Default, or by Juf-ticies.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day,.for the Second Reading of the Bill for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and 'to commemorate, Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

Accounts of Ships cleared to, and arrived from, the West Indies* See. to be printed.

Accounts of Colts allowed on Taxation in Actions tried in County Courts, ordered*

Corn and

Grain, &c. Regulation' Bill committed.

Report from Committee on Bill to elta-blilhaThankf-giving for the Resolution, consider cd*

Auction Duty, &c. Bill liefer red.

W*yi and Meant deferred.

Coffee Drawback Bill deferred*

African Slave Bill passed.

Account of Plates of Glass imported from France and Germany, prefen ted.,

543

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House j and several Amendments were made* by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted j and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Reftifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year 1786.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, after satisfying the Outstanding Demands for the Year 1788.

Account of Balance in tl.e HaitJs of the Paymaster of the Forces, ordered.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the ReportSupj-ly. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleik’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth ;' viz.

Resolved, That k is- the Opinion of this Committee; Fxpmctof That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Three M'-Hafting*’* hundred and Twelve Pounds Six Shillings and Four 10‘ecution Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House*

A Bill for appointing Commissioners further to en- American quire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons mtffionerf Bill who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Pro- committed, sessions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in rica, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com-fnittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.


Luna., 20° die yulii *

Anno 29® Georgii IIItU Regis, 1789*

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the ship-ct ping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from u the Coast of Africa," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

The House being informed that Mr. Hiley, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number, Size, and Value of Plates of Glass imported into the Port of from

France and Germany, from the 10th Day of May 1787; distinguishing each Sort.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Corn and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; Grain, &e. upon the Bill for better regulating and ascertaining jeferred. the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating th.e Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed, be now read.

And the said Order being reacj accordingly;

Resolved, That’ this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Con foil dated Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Fund Bi'* Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the P,eUnlcl* Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Co upon the Bill to enable the East India Company to BilLP*ny raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Roje took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Roje reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Committee on Coffee Draw* back Bill.

Petition from Manchester

against the Auction Duty, &c. Bill.

Petition from the Manu-faOuiera of Cotton Goods in Great Britain, for extending the Exemptions in the Auction Duty A&.

Orderly That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year 1786, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Manchester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe that, by a Bill now depending in Parliament, all Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom in this Kingdom, which shall be fold entire in the Piece, and in Lots of the Price therein to be mentioned, may be sold by public Sale, by Way of Auction, for or on Account of the Manufacturers, or first Purchasers thereof, free of the Excise Duty of Seven Pence, now chargeable for every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising upon Sales at Auction; and that the Petitioners are well satisfied, that Sales by Auction of Piece Goods, the Manufacture of this Kingdom, are highly injurious to Merchants, Manufacturers, and Trade in general, and, that if the Duty now chargeable upon Auctions be taken off the Sale of Piece Goods in particular, that Mode of Sale will be encouraged to the Injury of the fair Trader j and that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that the Sentiments Of other manufacturing Towns in this Kingdom would be entirely conformable to their own in this respect, if there was Time sufficient to collect them: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be permitted to pass into a Law, or that, at least, the further Consideration thereof may be deferred until the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Cotton Yarns and Cotton Goods in Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read $ Setting forth, That the Petitioners have embarked large Sums of Money in the Erection of Cotton Mills, Hand Engines, and other ingenious Machinery, for the Purpose of Carding, Roving, and Spinning the Yarns, now used in the various Manufactures of Cotton Goods made in Great Britain; and that, in the Course of the last Twelve Months, the Petitioners have been compelled to discharge a great Number of the Men, Women, and Children, which they employed in that Business, the Mills in general have been reduced to Half Work, some have been totally abandoned in Consequence of the Stagnation of Trade, and the greatest Distress has prevailed among that Class of the Petitioners who spin upon the Hand Engines, who have been under the Necefllty of laying aside nearly One Half of the Machinery formerly used in that Branch of Spinning} and that the Consequences resulting from such Alternatives have been distressing in the Extreme, not only to the Petitioners, but also to a very numerous Body of industrious Members of the Community of the lower Class of Spinners, who had embarked their whole Property in those Machines, and who are now deditute of Employment, and have no Means of ob-

taining Bread for themselves and Families but by being enabled to resume their former Employments j and that the Petitioners conceive that, at the present Moment, there is a Crisis in the Cotton Manufactory in Great Britain, which, if properly improved, may tend in a great Measure to restore Vigour to that Trade, and extend the Consumption to such a Degree, as again to give Employment to the unoccupied Machinery, as well as to the numerous Bodies of Men, Women, and Children, formerly trained to that Business; that the Grounds upon which this Extent of Consumption may be expected are, the reduced Price of the Raw Material of Cotton Wool — the low Price of Labour, compared to former Years — the new Improvements and Facilities introduced into the whole Process of the Manufacture — all which combine in leading the Petitioners to aConclufion, that, from the great Reduction in the Price, and the improved Quality of the Goods, it is only necessary to open a fair and unfettered Transit of the British-ma.de Callicoes and Muslins into Foreign Countries, in order to obtain such an Increase of Consumption as would completely renovate the Trade, render the unoccupied Machinery again useful to the Petitioners and the Country, by giving Employment to a numerous Body of His Majesty’s Subjects of both Sexes and of all Ages, whose Labour may be exported to the great Benefit of the State, and thereby preserving to the Nation many valuable and ingenious Artists, who might orherways ' be compelled to transfer their Skill and Industry tQ Rival Countries} and that the Petitioners conceive that, if it were possible to convey the Callicoes

and Muffins, at their present reduced Prices, into the Hands of the great Continental Buyers, under the same Advantages, and at as small an Expence as prevails at the public Sales of the various Companies of Merchants in Europe, who import the same Articles from Foreign Countries, new Channels of Co'nfump-tien would instantly open, and by Means of a fair and general Exhibition, and a direct Transit at the least possible Expence, the British Callicoes and Muslins would enter fairly into Competition with the similar Fabrics of Foreign Manufacture, and acquire a Preeminence at tnoft of the Markets of the Continent; and that, in order to establish the same System of public Sale, which prevails all over Europe with every fair Advantage to the Manufacturer, which a Regard to the general Interest of the Country requires, it becomes necessary that the Duty upon Auctions, in so far as the same fnatl affect the real Manufacturer, Should be removed; and that the Petitioners solicit this Exemption, not only on the Grounds of National Expediency and Utility, but also on the Grounds of National Justice, because a similar Exemption is granted to the Manufacturers of Grain and Provender, as well as to the Importers of all Goods the Produce of the British Colonies and Plantations Abroad; That, in Addition to the Circumstance of no Revenue arising at present from the Sale of Cotton Goods, it would seem (independent of National Utility) that an Exemption in the present Instance in Favour of the actual Manufacturer would in no Respect tend either, to diminifti the Revenue, or to trench upon those Principles which were adopted by the Legislature when the Auction Duty passed into a Law, for surely it was not intended to burthen the British Manufacturer in the Sale of his own Goods in any Mode he thought belt, and at the same Time to exempt the Importation from the Colonies: And therefore praying the House to pass a Law in this present Session for the Purpose of extending the Exemptions contained in the Acts of the Seventeenth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, commonly called the Auction Duty Act, to all Goods exposed to public Sale, for Behoof of the bond fule Manufacturers and first Purchasers.

8 A Petition

Petition from the Manufacturers ot Cotton GomIs in Glasgow, for ex'.cr.ding the Exemptions in Favour of Goods sold by Auction.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Muslins, Callicoes, and other Cotton Goods, in the City of Glasgow, and the Neighbourhood, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have not only been among the first who by great Labour and Exertion have introduced the Manufacture of Muslins into Great Britain, but have, by Steadiness and Perseverance, been able so to improve the Fabric of this Article, and also to make such Progress in the Manufacture of Callicoes and other Cotton Goods, as to afford the best Prospects of the British Manufacture comparing with, and of being even superior to, the same Species of Goods imported from Foreign Countries of the Middling and Coarser Qualities j and that the Petitioners, by close Application and Frugality, aided by the low Price of the Raw Material of Cotton Wool, have also been able so to reduce the Price of British Muslins, as to afford the belt Grounds to conclude, that an extensive and advantageous Sale might be opened to the different Markets of Europe, if the Auction Duty was removed, and a fair and unfettered Transit opened to Foreign Countries, at the lead possible Expence, and under Circumstances where, by the Collection of a great Aggregate of our different Articles, and by periodical Public Sales, the great Buyers upon the Continent would be invited to purchase the British Goods, but this Object, however desirable to the Manufacturers and to the Country, cannot be attained, until the Auction Duty affecting Public Sales is removed, or at least until the Exemptions contained in the Statute imposing the said Duty shall extend to the Goods sold by the bond side Manufacturer, upon the same Principle that such Exemptions are extended to the Farmer in the Sale of the Produce of his Lands, and to the Merchant importing Goods from the Colonies Abroad, and also to the East India Company: That every Indulgence, which shall tend to increase the Exportation of the Labour of the People, must be advantageous to the State, and if such Facilities can be granted, without diminishing the actual Resources of the State, it is hoped that the House will fee at once the Expediency and Justice of the Exemption now solicited by the Manufacturers; and it is well known, that no Cotton Goods can be reputably fold, at present, by Public Sale, because of the Auction Duty, and thus it happens, that, while nothing can be acquired by Government towards the Improvement of the Revenue, this valuable Branch of National Industry remains fettered by an Excise which shuts out every Hope of opening, by a Public Sale, those new Channels of Consumption which are so necessary in the present depressed State of the Trade, and without which Foreign Purchasers, who attend at the various Public Auctions in different Parts of Europe, cannot be expected to become Purchasers of the British Manufactures, as the present Mode of Private Contract has never been found to excite the Attention of the great Buyers from the Continent, because of the enhanced Price which is the unavoidable Consequence of this circuitous Mode of Sale, and the great Difficulty of finding proper Aflortments in

any one Place; and that the Petitioners would state it to the House, as their unbiaffed Opinion, that there is no Mode of Sale likely to be so effectually calculated to increase the Vend arid Consumption of British Cotton Goods on the Continent, as a Public Vendue, or Auction, at ffated Periods of the Year, where great Aflortments are brought together, thus inviting Foreigners to attend, and enabling the Manufacturer at the same Time, by a more (Economical Mode of Sale, to afford their Manufactures at a lower Price, while they themselves receive the same Profit, and thereby creating (in the Abolition of the Burthens and Expences attending a circuitous Sale) a Bounty in Favour of the British Goods in a Foreign Market, to the great Benefit of the Nation at large: And therefore praying the House to pass a Law, in this Session, for extending the Exemptions, in Favour of Goods sold by Auction, to such Sales as shall be made for the Behoof of the actual Manufacturers and first Purchasers.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, £^B°|jDu,y* upon the Bill to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Rectifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose,' be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that yix.MoleJvoorth,from Account of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s *hc

Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, pimaster of at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their the Force*, Order, presented.

An Account of the Balance remaining in die Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, after satisfying the Outstanding Demands for the Year 1788. 1

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, after satisfying the Demands that are still Outstanding, for the Year 1788; viz'.

£ 398>769- ! 3-

Rd,

PayOffice, Horse Guards, Accomptant.

aoth July 1789.

Vol. XLIV. j 6 Z Ordered,

Committee of Ways and Means*

Standing Or* dert relative to Navigations to be sent to the Sheriffs, Scc.

20° — 21° Julii. A. 1789.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions which, upon Wednesday last, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications made to this House, for the Purpose of making Navigable Canals, or improving the Navigation of Rivers} together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That before any Petition is presented to, this " House, for making a Canal for the Purposes of " Navigation, or for any other Public Purpose, or " for making or improving the Navigation of a River, " or for altering any Act of Parliament passed for " either of those Purposes, Notice of such intended

Application to Parliament be given at the General u Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held *f for every and each County or District through which such Canal or Navigation palles, or is intended to be carried, at the Michaelmas immediately " preceding the Session of Parliament in which such «c Petition is to be presented."

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That this Notice be given by affixing to the «« Door of the Sessions House where such General " Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or written " Paper, describing the Parishes through which the " said Canal or Navigation pafies, or is intended to " be carried, and that such Notice be also printed in " some one News-piper of the County, or, if there is " no such Paper printed for that County, then in the " Newspaper of some near or adjoining County, " Three Times at least, in the Months of August and " September,br either of them, immediately preceding

the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is " to be presented-."

" Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That when any Petition for a Canal or Navigation, or for renewing or altering any Act of Parliament paded for either of those Purposes, hath " been presented to the House, the Committee, to whom the said Petition shall be referred, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Orders contained in the Two preceding Resolutions have been complied with; and the Chairman of such Committee shall report the same to the House on the " Report of such Petition."

" The said Resolutions being severally read a Se- cond Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made " Standing Orders of this House."

Ordered, That printed Copies of the said Refolu-tiens, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be sent to the Sheriffs and Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties of Great Britain and Wales.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole de,e,ri:d* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That the ingrossed Bill to establish a perpetual Anni- saTto verfary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, efublife 1 by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation ^ihtluvo? from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. An- luJion! nually, the Confirmation of the People's Rights, be now read the Third Time}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdta* for the Yeas, j f

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr. 2^ . }

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division, by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present, and it being then after Four of the Clock,

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 2i° die Julii;

Anno 29* Georgii III. U Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

S\RDERED, That the Report from the Commit- GaoisBM tee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed defemd* Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting Gaols, was committed, be received upon 'Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Coffee Draw-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ^f'ortfd'1 for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback p r " upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company, in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year 1786, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

5 Ordered,

Beeralfton

Writ.

Bill to establish a Thanks-eiving for the Resolution, passed.

Report Ways and Means*

Balance in the Hands of the Paymaster of the Forces.

Consolidated Fund Bill committed*

Ordered, That Mr* Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Devon, in the room of John Mitford, Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Counties of Carmarthen, Pemb, and and of the Town and County of , and of the County of the Borough of within the

Principality of Wales.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the ingrossed Bill to establish a perpetual An-niverfary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights, be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j «.

Tellers for the Noes, |

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing a Compensation to the Clergyman for reading this Act.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to establish a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having, by the Glorious Resolution, delivered this Nation from Arbitrary Power, and to commemorate. Annually, the Confirmation of the People’s Rights.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaufoy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Three hundred and Ninety-eight thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, being the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, after satisfying the Outstanding Demands for the Year 1788.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Julii. 547

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on fuen Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Reftifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wtre agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the East India Company to raise Money, by further increasing their Capital Stock, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Julii;

Anno 29° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year 1786, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year 1786.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossM Bill to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales j for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Reftifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be.

Auction Duty, Sec. Bill reported.

East India Company's Bill reported.

Coffee Drawback Bill passed.

Auction Doty, See. Bill passed.

Report from

Committee appointed to inspect the Buildings adjoining to Westminster Hall, toe.

be, An Act to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration-of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Rectifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Sir Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, appointed to inspect the several Houses, and other Buildings, immediately adjoining to and the Two Houses of Parliament, and the Offices thereto belonging, and to report to the House their Opinion, from Time to Time, in what Manner the same may be belt secured from the Danger of Fire, and what Improvements it may be proper to make therein; and who were instructed to receive Plans for the said Improvements, -and report the same to the House, together with Estimates of the Expence of carrying such several Plans into Execution; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had come to a Resolution; and that the Committee had agreed upon a Report, which they had directed him to make to the House, together with the said Resolution; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee having taken into Consideration the Matter to them referred, did cause the Plans already made of the said Ground, and the prquent Buildings thereon, to be laid before them; and, upon Enquiry, finding that most of the said Buildings arc at present in 'a decayed and ruinous State, and that great Part of them, from their Situation, and the Occupancy thereof, are in great Danger from Fire;

Your Committee caused to be made and laid before them a Ground Plan, upon a Scale distinguishing the Dimensions, from the North East Corner of the Gate leading into Westminster Hall to Westminster Bridge, and from thence in a Line with the River to Parliament Stairs, and all the Buildings in Old Palace Yard, home to the New Passage leading to the House of Commons, which includes all the Buildings on the East and South Sides of Westminster Hall.

Upon Perusal of the said Plans, your Committee could not avoid being struck with the Magnitude thereof, and of the National Consequence of the Offices and other Places at present existing for the Transaction of public Business, and the Preservation of our most valuable Records. Your Committee cannot help thinking, thatfome great and noble Plan ought to be adopted , conformable to which, public Buildings Should be erected, not only substantial and convenient, but also of a Magnificence suitable to the Dignity of this Country. Your Committee therefore thought it expedient, as an additional Ground of their Proceeding, to apply to the most eminent Artists of this Kingdom for their Opinion upon the actual State of the present Buildings, previous to the Artists being desired to furnish your Committee with Plans and Estimates for the intended Alterations.

That the said Artists have accordingly attended your Committee; and, at their Request, having viewed the said Grounds and Buildings, have made the Report which is hereunto annexed.

Your Committee feel it a Duty incumbent upon them, to submit to the Consideration of this House, That, in making the said Plans and Estimates, a considerable Expence will be incurred by them, for which 4

your Committee think they ought to be indemnified; and therefore your Committee have come to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of £. a,000 will be necessary towards the procuring Plans to enable your Committee to form their Opinion in what Manner the said Buildings -may be best secured from the Danger of Fire, and also what Improvements may be proper to make therein.

To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to inspect the several Houses and other Buildings immediately adjoining to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament, and the Offices thereto belonging, &c. &c.

In Obedience to your Resolution of the 17th Instant. That we Should inspect all the Buildings of the House of Lords, the House of Commons, Office of Exchequer, Court of Exchequer, the different Offices belonging to the fame, and the other Buildings contiguous to Westminster Hall, and to report our Opinion of the present State of the fame, and their Security from Fire and other Accidentsj we beg Leave to make the following Report, in which we are unanimous, after having inspected the same with/Care and Attention.

The House of Lords, Princes Chamber, and Painted Chamber, are Buildings of great Antiquity, in many Parts defective, and have been altered and repaired so very much, from Time to Time, that, though they may stand many Years, are incapable of useful Repair and Improvement} and there are Cellars under the Whole, variously occupied, only One of which is secured by Arches from the Communication of Fire. All the Buildings East of the House of Lords are in so bad a State, that many of them are in immediate Danger of falling down, and are therefore unoccupied and (hut up} and the others would cost more to repair than re-build them. The Building West of the House of Lords, containing the Entrance thereto, and the Staircase and Committee Room, is a substantial modern Building; and the other Buildings adjoining, comprising the Passages, Black Rod and Privy Seal Rooms, are in Part built with Timber, liable to rapid Decay, and Accidents from Fire } and the Remainder extremely old and ruinous.

The House of Commons, though an ancient Building, has been so continually repaired, that it is in a State to remain a great many Years} but is so connected with the Auditor of the Exchequer’s House and Offices, and surrounded by a great Number of other Buildings, applied to various Purposes, and in various Occupations, as to expose the Whole to a general Conflagration, Should an accidental Fire happen in any One of them.

The Dwelling House in Cotton Garden, belonging to the Principal Clerk of the House of Commons, communicating the rewith, erected within Thirty Years past, is defective in several Places, from the Insecurity of the Foundations.

The Buildings East of Westminster Hall, between it and the River, are, the Pell Office and Chambers over it in the East Tower, and the Offices of the Exchequer, contiguous and connected with the Hall, and situate between New Palace Yard and St. Stephen's Court-, those of the Four Tellers are most inconveniently arranged, and liable to immediate Destruction in case of Fire, being placed in the upper Story, without any Walls of Division, of Arched Floors; are fe-parated only by Timber Partitions, surrounded by combustible Buildings, Stables, Coach Houses, Hay Lofts, Servants Lodging Rooms, and Kitchens; the Dutchy Court of Lancaster, a flight Building of One

Room,

Room, and over it the Dutchy Chamber, with Garrets above; the Kitchen of the Clerk to the Deputy Ulher of the Exchequer, a low Shed, between these Rooms and the Eastermost Tower, and immediately connected with them. The House inhabited by the Ulher of the Exchequer, in New Palace Yard, Eastward of the Dutchy Court of Lancaster, has a Brick Front, and its Rear is entirely of Timber, Lathed and Plaistered, forming Two Sides of a narrow Court, from which it receives Light, and which communicates with the Windows of the Tellers Offices, Cash Rooms, and of the Dutchy Court; and most of the Kitchen Offices belonging to the Deputy Ulher and his Clerk are immediately under those Offices, and the small Wood Staircase in the C.enter of them, and leading thereto.

The Buildings on the East Side of New Palace Yard, from the King's Bridge or Water Gate, to the House in Post'eftion of Mr. Roberts, Tenant to the Marquis of Buckingham, as a Teller of the Exchequer, contain the late Cofferer’s Office, the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, the Lottery Office, the Examiner’s Office, the Tellers for the Payment of American Claims, the Pells American Office, the Exchequer Bill Bookbinder’s Office, the Office of the Auditor of the Principality of the Annuity

Pell Office, the First and Second Annuity Offices, and the 14 per Cent. Annuity Office, which are principally constructed with Timber, Lath and Plaistered, or Weather-boarded j in many Places prop’t up, and in others contiguous to low Sheds, equally combusti-ble. The adjoining Building Southward is Mr. Roberts’s House, which with the Garden occupies all the Space from St. Stephen’s Court to the River, and is immediately connected with the last mentioned Offices; it has been lately repaired, and some additional small Buildings erected thereto. The next House, adjoining Southward to the last mentioned, belongs to Lord Viscount Bayham, as Teller of the Exchequer; the Buildings and Garden likewise extend to the Thames, and are at present unoccupied, being in a very dilapidated State.

On the West Side of St. Stephen’s Court, against the East Wall of Westminster Hall, are the Coach Houses and Stables of the Auditor of the Exchequer, having Hay Lofts and Servants Lodging Rooms over them, which adjoin to and come close under the Windows of the Office and Calli Room of one of the Tellers. On the South of this Court is the Auditor of the Exchequer’s House, extending Southward to the House of Commons, and under Part of it; the Garden extends to the River. The Buildings are substantial, and extend under Two of the Committee Rooms of the House of Commons.

The Court of Exchequer, and Exchequer Chamber, contiguous to, and connected with, Westminster Hall, are very old, but not in a State of actual Ruin. On the Ground Floor, under the Court of Exchequer, is the Custos Brevium of the Court of Common Pleas, and Treasurer’s Office belonging; the Ceiling and Walls of them are lined with Deal, are insecure from Fire, and very damp. Adjoining Westward to these, and projecting into the Street, to the great Obstruc-tien and imminent Panger of Persons and Carriages passing to and from the Houses of Parliament, is situated an old Brick Building, occupied on the Ground Floor by the Deputy Ulher of the Court of Exchequer, most of his Roqms containing a Fire Place, and the Ceilings are flat and low; over these, on the One Pair of Stairs, is the King’s Remembrancer’s Office, and over that the Augmentation Office. We understand, that, so long ago as the passing of the Act of Parliament for building Westminster Bridge, a Clause was inserted, empowering the Commissioners under that Act to remove this Nuisance, the Roof of which is immediately connected with the Court of Exchequer. The Public Houses and Coffee Vol. XLIV,

Houses on the South Side of New Palace Yard immediately adjoin the Custos Brevium of the Court of Common Pleas, and are particularly dangerous, as they have several Chimnies and Coppers; the Roofs are under and close to the Windows of the Custos Brevium, and some of them covered with Sail Cloth pitched; the Smoke of One of the Chimnies is conveyed by a flight Tin Funnel, and, as well as the Flues, are near the Windows of Westminster Hall, of the Towers, and of the Court of Exchequer.

Next to Saint Margaret's Street, and adjoining Southward to the old Brick Building before-mentioned, is a Building of the same Kind, containing the Tally Office, being a Depository for the Tallies belonging to the Exchequer. Adjoining Southward thereto is the Coach House for the Judges, a flight Timber Building, covered with Tiles.

The Stone Building next Saint Margaret's Street, comprising Committee Rooms, and other Apartments occupied by Officers of the House of Commons, Custos Brevium of the Court of King’s Bench, and the Exchequer Bill Office, is of recent Date, and very substantial. Behind that Building, and contiguous to Westminster Hall, arc the Court of Common Pleas, Judges Chambers, and Record Office, which are in tolerable good Condition; to them are annexed sundry Excrescences, mostly of Timber, which should be removed, as they increase the Danger of Fire and its Communication.

The Court of ReqUefts is in itself a secure substantial Building, but communicates with, and is surrounded on the South and West by, a Variety of Houses, which are private Property, Part of them Timber; which must very much endanger the Whole, as long as they remain.

We beg Leave to submit to this Honourable Committee, That, from the very circumstantial Detail we have entered into of the State of the various Parts of the Buildings which the Committee requested we might examine, it is almost superfluous and unnecessary to declare our unanimous Opinion, That the Hazard they have been, and {bill are, exposed to from Fire is so great, that we cannot help being astonished at their having so long and so happily escaped (with but One late and fortunate Exception) from the most imminent Danger. Unprotected by Walls of either Brick or Stone, connected and joined together by Boarded or Lath and Plaistered Partitions; with Iron Bars to defend the Windows of the most consequentiai Offices, which serve to attract the Lightning, to the Destruction of their valuable Contents; with Funnels and Chimnies running up in old decayed Piers, in the very Bosom of these combustible Materials, in many of which Fire from a neglected Chimney might consume the Whole; without the Possibility of bringing sufficient Water to extinguish the Flames, such Aid being hitherto overlooked, or deemed unnecessary, and not more than One Engine kept near the most elfential Offices in this Kingdom.

All which is humbly submitted.

Rob* Adam. aoth July 1789. Geo. Dance.

J. P. Cockerell.

H> Holland.

John Yenn.

John Soane.

Rob* Browne.

Th Yildeftey.

John Woolfe.

John Woolfe, Jun’.

Rob* Adam, for Mylne.

Tho' Fulling.

Cha* Alex* Craig.

James Wyatt.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Tabic. ’

7 A An

55° "°

Kail India An ingrossed Bill to enable the India Company Beaded* to ra'^e Money by further increasing their Capital 1,1 Stock, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act to enable the India Company

to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on American Loyalists Commission-cn Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their L/>yalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Aceounti re- Ordered, That there' be laid before this House, an

fptfting the Account of all Sums levied under the Name of Cess, ^Scotland! Stent, or Land Tax, in each of the Royal Burghs in ordered. Scotland, for the Space of Ten Years last past, distinguishing the Amount of the Sums levied in each Year; to be certified, under the Hands of the Chief Magistrate of each Burgh, and of the Collector of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, in the fame, to be a true and accurate Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Salaries or Sums of Money which have been paid to the Collectors of the Eels, Stent, or Land Tax, in each of the Royal Burghs in for each of the Ten Years last past, as the Expence of collecting the fame, distinguishing the Sums paid in each Year; to be certified, under the Hands of the Chief Magistrate and Collector of each Burgh, to be a just and accurate Account.

Ordered, That the Receiver General of the Land Tax, in Scotland, do lay before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money received from each of the Royal Burghs in , in Name of Cess,

Stent, or Land Tax, for Ten Years last past, distinguishing the Amount of the Sums received from each Burgh in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Revenue of each of the Royal Burghs in Scotland for the Year 1788, specifying the particular Articles of the Revenue; to be certified, under the Hands of the Chief Magistrate, Town Clerk, and Treasurer of each Burgh, to be a true and accurate Account.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Lands and other Heritable Property of each of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, which have been fold, feued, or alienated, by the Magistrates and Common Council of each Royal Burgh, since the Union, specifying the Price for which the same were fold, and the Relit received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation; to be certified, under the Hands of the Chief Magistrate and Town Clerk of each Burgh, to be a true Account,

Julii. . 1789.

taken from the Books of the Town Councils of the Burgh.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation'of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That the Resolution which was Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum " of Three hundred and Ninety-eight thousand Seven " hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds One Shilling " and Three Pence, being the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, after satisfying the Out-standing Demands for the Year 1788."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they do receive a Clause for applying the said Sum of Three hundred and Ninety-eight thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, to defray the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred from the 25th Day of December 1787 to the 24th Day of Decem 1788, and not provided for by Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s Moil Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then

Committee oa

Com and Grain, &c. Regulation Bill.

Committee oa

Con (ululated Fund Bill,

Stirling, In* vcrlceithing, &c. Writ,

Account of Scotch Light Houses Commissioners, presented#

Accounts of Produce of Rxcise in Scotland, presented.

Com and

Grain, See. Regulation Bill reported*

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee j

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Inverkeithing, Dunfermline, Culrofs, and Queens ferry, in the room of Sir James who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and in the County of Buckingham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

551

afterwards delivered thd Bill, with the Arhendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingfoffed.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report Cor.f.,ii.!afei from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Fund Bl11 the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of re*’or<*'1' Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven handred and Eighty-nine, was committed.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; -and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Jovis, 2 30 Julii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for erecting Four Light Houses on the Northern Parts of Great.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Afccount is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of Excise in attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Excise in Scotland, between the 5th Day of January 1786 and the 5th Day of January 1789: And also. An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Excise in Scotland, between the 5th Day of 1786 and the 5th Day of April 1789.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Steele,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and 2

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving Gaols Biff the Report from the Committee of the whole House, deferred, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting'Gaols, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the American Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

. . n. c. ... Conimifljoner!

appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Bill reported. Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 240 die Julii;

Anno 29° Georgii III,li Regis, 1789.

P RAYERS.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Holford The Lords and Mr. Graves: have paired

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for pe Bon?, See. naturalizing Henry de Bans, Francis Blancbenay, and James Chauvet; to which the Lords desire the Con-

currence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. PeBom,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Nat*B, UreiJ*

The

Report from the Board of Lind Rcyc* nuo*

Reference to Third Report, for a State of the antient Government of the Forests.

New Forest the Subject of this Report.

Its Situation;

Convenience of Water Carriage.

Vicinity to Ports-niouth Dock Yard.

Original Afforefta-tien by Wnj the Conqueror, defenbed in Domesday Book.

F.xtraAs from Domclday.

Aj>pendx, N° i»

55a 14° Julil A. 1780.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Fifth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents: And also,

A Plan of the New Forest, referred to in the said Report.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Report and Plan were read.

The said Plan is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session j and the said Report is as followcthj viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefies, in Parliament assembled.

The Fifth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

Having, in our Third Report, given a brief Account of the antient Government of the Forests in general, under the Forest Laws, and of the Changes which gradually took. Place on the Decline of that Establishment, terminating in the present System of Management; having shewn the Defects in that new System, and mentioned the Necessity we Should be under (from the various and dissimilar Rights of the Crown and of Individuals in the different Forests) to report the State of each Forest separately; — we propose now to lay before the Legislature the Result of our Enquiry into the State and Condition of the New Forest, and to suggest the best Means that occur

to us for its future Management and Improvement.

The New Forest is situated in that Part of Shire which is bounded on the East by Southampton River, and on the South by the British Channel. It possesses Advantages of Situation, with respect to the Convenience of Water Carriage, and nearness to the Dock Yards, superior to every other Forest, having in its Neighbourhood several Ports and Places for shipping Timber, among which is at the

Distance of only Two Miles, Bewley about Half a Mile, and Redbridge Three or Four Miles from the Forest, and the Navigation to the most

considerable Dock Yard in this Kingdom, is only about 30 Miles from the nearest of those Places.

This is the only Forest belonging to the Crown, of which the Origin is known: Domclday Book contains the most distinct Account of its Afforeftation by William the Conqueror: The Contents of every Field, Farm, or Estate afforested, in Hides, Carucates, or Virgates, by which the Extent of Land was then computed, together with the Names of the Hundreds and Villages, and of the former Proprietors (which are for the most Part Saxon) the Relit or Yearly Value of each Possession, and the Tax which had been paid for it to the Crown, during the Reign of Edward the Confeflor, before the Inhabitants were expelled, and that Part of the Country laid waste, are all to be found in that most curious and venerable Record.

Wishing to discover the original Extent of the Forest, we extracted, for our own Information, all that relates to it in that antient Survey. The Fx-tract is far too voluminous to be inferred in the Appendix to this Report; but we have given there a

Copy of Two or Three of the Articles, as a Specimen of what may be found in the Book itself, relative to the whole Forest.

The Names of many of the Places having been Changed since that Time, it is difficult to afeercain, with Precision, what were then the Limits of the Forest. The oldest Perambulation we have met with is among the Pleas of the Forest, in the 8th Year of King Edward I. preserved in the Chapter-House at Westminster\ and a Copy of it is inserted in the Appendix. The Boundaries there described include all the Country from Southampton River on the East to the Avon on the West, following the Sea Coast as the Southern Boundary between those Rivers, and extending Northwards as far as North ,or North

Charford, on the West; and to Wade and Orebrugge, o Owerbridge, on the East; and the greatest Part, if not the Whole, of that extensive District, is mentioned in Domesday Book to be Forest, belonging to the Crown.

Another Perambulation was, however, made in the 29th of the same King, which leaves out a great Part of the Country contained within the former. This Perambulation, which is preserved in the Tower, and of which a Copy is also given in the Appendix, confines the Forest to Limits, which, as far as we can trace them, appear to have been followed in 22d Year of Charles II. when the Forest was again perambulated. By the Charta de Foresta, all Lands not belonging to the Crown which had been afforested by Henry II. Richard I. or King John, were to be dif-afforested; but as no Provision was made for the Reduction of the more antient Afforeftations, it is not easy to account for the great Diminution of this Forest in the Reign of Edward I. who was not a Prince likely to submit to any incroachment on his Rights.

The Perambulation of the 22d Charles II. also inserted in the Appendix, is the last which we find on Record; it contains the present legal Bounds of the Forest, and was given to our Surveyors as their Guide, in taking the Plan which they have made by our piredtion. From that Plan, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, an Engraving has been made, a Copy of which will be delivered with this Report.

According to the last mentioned Perambulation, and the Plan, the Forest extends from Godjhill on the North West, to the Sea on the South East, about Twenty Miles; and from Hardley on the East, to Ring-wood on the West, about Fifteen Miles; and contains within those Limits about 92,365 Acres, Statute Measure. The whole of that Quantity, however, is not Forest Land, or now the Property of the Crown: There are several Manors and other considerable Freehold Estates within the Perambulation, belonging to Individuals, to the Amount of about 24,797 Acres: About 625 Acres are Copyhold, or Customary Lands, belonging to His Majesty’s Manor of Lyndhurst: About 1,004 Acres are Leasehold, under the Crown, granted for certain Terms of Years, and forming Part of the demised Land Revenue, under the Management of the Surveyor General of Crown Lands: About 901 Acres are Purpreftures, or Incroachments on the Forest: About 1,193 Acres more are inclosed Lands, held by the Master Keepers and Groom Keepers, with their respective Lodges; and the Remainder, being about 63,845 Acres, are the Woods and Waste Lands of the Forest.

In each Species of the Property abovementioned, the Crown has different Rights or Interests.

1 ft. In such of the Freeholds within the Perambulations as are subject to the Regard of the Forest, and which are of the Nature of Purlieus, the Crowr. preserves certain Rights relative to the Deer and Game; which Rights are now of little Value to the x Crown,

Perambulation, 8 Edw< I.

Appendix, N« i.

Extent at that Time*

Perambulation, 29 Edve*1 I. reducing the former Limits*

Appendix, N° j.

Perambulation* i*aJ Cha* II.

Appendix, N* f

Plan of the Ford

Present Extent.

Number of Acres.

Freehold Elfote* within the Peramba* lation j

Copyholds of Lyndhurst Manor}

Leafeholds from the Crown.

Incroachments on the Forest $

Inclosed Lands held with the LoJgf>;

Forest Land.

Different Interests of the Crown;

In the Freeholds,

Copyholds,

14th January 177*

»Sth February 1760.

Incroachments,

24° Jlll 'lL

Crown, but if exercised to their full Extent, would be very prejudicial to the Owners of the Lands j and in most of the Townships and Villages which have Right of Common in the Forest, the Estates are subject to the Payment of small Rents to the Crown, in Corn, Fowls, and Eggs; and in Money under the different Denominations of Hocktide Money, Month Money, Leaze Fee Money, and Turf Delf Money, for Pasture and Fuel (all comprized under the general Denomination of Forest Rents); and to certain Rates payable for the Pannage of Swine.

2nd)y. The Copyhold Lands belonging to the Manor of Lyndburst, are the Soil and Inheritance of the Crown, and are granted to sundry Tenants by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Custom of that Manor: They are subject to the Payment of certain Quit Rents, which, according to an Account delivered to us by the Steward, amount to £. 10. 16j. 7 id.per Annum, and to a Fine on adding

or exchanging Lives. Henots are also due from some of these Estates, but have nor been taken for several Years past. The Fines, which are arbitrary, arc at present computed on an old Valuation, which appears by the same Account to amount to £.476. 7 1

per Annum. The Timber and Trees on these Estates arc likewise the Property of the Crown: Some of the T enants of the Manor, distinguished by the Name of the Homage Tenants, are entitled by Custom to Eftovers for Fuel and Repairs, with which they are supplied from the Forest.

3rdly. The Estates within the Forest granted by Lease are the entire Property of the Crown j they are only Two in Number , viz1. New Park near Lyndburst, containing 417 Acres Statute Measure, of which 143 Acres arc Pasture and Arable Land; the rest is Woodland and rough Ground, of a Soil very favourable for the Growth of Oak, with a considerable Quantity of fine Timber now growing thereon. This Park is used as the general Pound for the toreft, for putting in stray Cattle found trespafiing on the Common } and the Keeper of the Park is obliged, upon the Drifts of the Forest, to take the Custody of such stray Cattle till claimed by the Owners, or otherwise disposed of according to Law, and is paid for the keeping of them by the Owners on taking them out of the Pound. The Custody of this Park is held by the Duke of Bedford, under a Lease granted in the Year 1771, to the late Duke of Bedford, for a Term of 31 Years, under a Relit of 15 per Annum.

The other Leasehold Estate consists of a House called Cox Leaze, and about 113 Acres of Land, and another House and about 96 Acres called Pondbead Farm, both near Lyndburst, with Two inclosed Woods adjoining, called Lbe Park Grounds and Mine House Grounds, containing 240 Acres; and another Wood called Cox Leaze Wild Grounds, containing 45 Acres, all very favourable for the Growth of Timber, and well docked with Oak and Beech. There are also comprized in this Lease some rough Pasture Lands called Butts Lawn Grounds, containing 91 Acres, which appear to have been heretofore inclosed, but the Fences are not now kept up. All these are held by the Representatives of the late Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Baronet, under a Lease granted in the Year 1760, to Pamela Debell, Widow, for 31 Years, under Two Rents of £.6.6s. id. and £.x per Annum. In both these Leases the Timber is excepted to the Crown, and the Lessees have covenanted to keep the Buildings in Repair.

4thly. The Incroachments or Purpreftures, containing 902 Acres, consist chiefly of Cottages built by poor People, and small Parcels of Land adjoining to them. Some of the Incroachments have however been made by the Proprietors of neighbouring Estates, and added to their own Property. The incroach-Vol. XLIV.

ments are held at present without paying any Relit or Acknowledgment to the Crown; but having generally, if not in every Instance, been presented at the Forest Courts, and ordered to be pulled down and laid open, and the Intruders fined, the Lands must still be considered to belong to the Crown.

5thly. The Lands held with the Lodges in the Forest, or the greatest Part of them, which have been inclosed for Time immemorial, are the entire Property of the Crown, not subject to Rights of Common, or any other Claims. v

6thly. The Forest Lands, containing 63,845 Acres, are also the Property of the Crown, subject to certain Rights of Common of Pasture, Pannage, and Fuel, belonging to the Proprietors of Estates withirt or adjacent to the Forest , which Rights, under certain Limitations, were particularly saved and reserved to the Proprietors, and those of the Crown were defined and ascertained, by the Act of Ninth and Tenth William III. for the Increase and Preservatron of Timber in this Forest, of which an Abstract is inserted in the Appendix.

By that Ad the Crown was empowered to inclose Two thousand Acres of the Waste Lands of the said Forest, viz*.One thousand Acres forthwith, and the

remaining One thousand Acres immediately after the First Session of Parliament after the Year 1699; and also Two hundred Acres more. Yearly, for Twenty Years following, making in all Six thousand Acres, " to remain in Severalty in the actual PdlTdfion of the Crown for ever, freed and discharged from all " Manner of Right, Title, and Pretence whatsoever, " and to be called, made, and kept, a Nursery for " Wood and Timber onlyAnd the Crown was likewise empowered, so soon as the Trees in all or any Part of such Inclosures should be past Danger of being hurt by Cattle or Deer, to throw open the fame, and in lieu thereof to inclose an equal Quantity in any other Part of the Forest j keeping, in this Way, Six thousand Acres constantly inclosed as a Nursery for '1 imber. The Crown has also a Right to keep Deer on the uninclosed Part of the Forest, at all Times, without any Limitation on the Number.

By the same Act it was provided, " That all Per-<c fons having any Right of Pasture or Pannage, or " any Privileges within the Forest, should hold and " enjoy the fame; that is to say, their Right of Pan-<( nage between the 14th September and the nth of November, Yearly (Old Stile) and their Right of *« Common of Pasture in and through the Waste " Grounds of the Forest, at such Time and Times a9 " the same should not be iriclosed, the Time of the " Fence Month, that is to say, 15 Days before and ‘*15 Days after Midsummer, Yearly, and the Time " of Winter Haining, that is to say, from the nth of November to the 23d of April, Yearly (O. S.) excepted, under and subject to the Forest Laws; " saving also to the several adjacent Inhabitants their antient Right of Fuel, provided that such Inhabitants should not fell or otherwise dispose of any Parc *« thereof, nor that any Person or Persons presume to *« receive or take the same in other Manner than they

ought, nor by Reason of any Claim or Pretence of " any Right that was not allowed, according to the " Laws of the Forest, before the 27th Year of Queen " Elizabeth."

The Rights of all Parties being thus distinctly ascertained by this Act of Parliament, and there being no Claim of any Consequence, founded on antient Usage, prior to the Date of that Act, except that of Eftovers for Fuel, to the adjacent Inhabitants, which is not likely to become the Subject of any Litigation or Dispute, we do not find it necessary to swell this Report with numerous Extracts from the antient Papers and Documents relative to it, or from the Books of the Forest, which we had Occasion to perufc: We

7 B shall

I.ands inciolwl with the Lodges j

and open Forest Lands.

Act 9 and 10 TTI. for Improver or this Faicft.

Append!*, N°

The Crown err ptfwered to indo! 6,000 Acres, as a Nursery for Timl

and on throw in open the fame, to close a like Quanl

Right to keep D without Liinita:io Number.

Right of Paftu: ard Pannage save the neighbouring habitant* 3

Except daring t Fence Month;

and Time of Vk ter Haining; |

subject to thcFc Laws.

Right of Fuel saved; but not to fold,

shall therefore only briefly (late, that after a careful Examination of all the Forest Books, of prior Date to this Act of Parliament, in the Custody of the Deputy Steward of the Courts of the Forest, and after perusing the Proceedings in Parliament while the Bill was de-« pending, we are satisfied that no Hardship or Injuf-by tice was done to the neighbouring Inhabitants, or Proprietors of Estates, by any of the Clauses of that Act, but that the greatest Attention was bellowed on an Enquiry into their Rights, as well as those of the Crown, and into the Condition of the Forest, the Abuseswhich prevailed, and the Means of remedying them i with which View different Commissions of Enquiry were issued to Men of Knowledge and Consideration, to which full and distinct Answers were returned; and it was not until after the fulleft Invef-tigation had been made, Counsel heard, and Witnesses examined, on Behalf of those who had Claims on the Forest, and the Bill debated and amended by the Lords, and those Amendments difeuffed and agreed to by the Commons, that the Act was suffered to pass.

We have also perused with Attention the Forest Court Books since that Act was passed; and though the salutary Provisions which it contains have unfortunately not been regularly attended to, yet there is no Part of them which has not, at some Times, been carried into Effect § and there are many Examples

in the Proceedings of those Courts, of the Trial and Punishment, under that Law, of Transgressions or Offences of every Kind since committed, to the Injury of the Forest j so that no Person whatever can pretend along uninterrupted Enjoyment of any Right forbidden by that Act of Parliament.

The Right to Fuel Wood is limited and ascertained by a Decree of the Court of Exchequer, dated 19th June, a6th Elizabeth, by which it was ordered, " That no Inhabitant of any House newly built, " since the Beginning of the Queen’s Reign, Should be allowed any Wood in the said Forest, to be spent in any such new built House." This hath ever since been held to be the Rule of judging whether the Inhabitant of any House claiming Fuel Wood is entitled to it or not; and the Claims for Fuel Wood, with every other Claim on the Forest, are to be found in the Records of thri Proceedings of the last Justice Seat for this Forest, begun at and adjourned from thence to the 29th of

September 1670, before the Earl of Oxford, Lord Chief Justice in Eyre; in which Claims arc also set forth the small Rents payable to the Crown by the Claimants for Pasture and Fuel, together with the Rates payable Annually for the Pannage of Swine.

The New Forest is divided into Nine Bailiwicks, which are Subdivided into Fifteen Walks, hereafter particularized; The Officers of the Forest are.

A Lord Warden — His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester,

Lieutenant — — Vacant,

Riding Forester — — Sir Harry Burrard, Bar*,

Bowbearer — — — George Rose, Esqr,

Two Rangers — — f Charles, Lord Cadogan, 1 Sir Harry Burrard, Bar*,

Woodward — — — Stanley George Hey wood, Esqr,

Under Woodward — " Mr. Thomas Jeans, r Sir Richard Worsley, Bar*,

Four Verderors — — 1 William Mitford, Esq', 1 George Rose, Esq*, I. Peter Serle, Esq', James Mansfield, Esq',

High Steward — —

Under Steward — - Twelve Regarders. Richard Fezard Mansfield, Esqr.

Nine Foresters, or Matter Keepers, being One to each Bailiwick; and there have been usually Fifteen Under Foresters or Groom Keepers, but at present there are only Thirteen, Two of them being appointed to the Keepership of Two Walks each; viz'.

Bailiwicks.

Foresters, or Master Keepers.

Walks.

Under Foresters, or Groom Keepers.

Burley Bailiwick — Duke of Bolton — |

Fritham Bailiwick — John Earl De La Warr j

Godjhill Bailiwick — Lynwood Bailiwick — Battramfiey Baili- 7 wick — J L Charles Lord Cadogan Henry Bathurfi, Esq' — Nathaniel Heywood, ( Esq- _ -i

South Bailiwick — Edward Morant, Esq* |

East Bailiwick, and 7 the Nodes — J Inn Bailiwick — Dodington Egerton, ? Esq* - -1 His Royal Highness Prince William Frederick — .

North Bailiwick — Earl of Ilchester — |

Burley Walk —

Holmejley Walk Bolderwood Walk Eyeworth Walk Ashley Walk —

Broomy Walk — Rhinefield Walk Wilverley Walk —

IVbit ley Ridge Walk Lady Cross Walk Denny Walk and the Nodes AJburJl Walk

=1

Tronjhill Walk — —

Castle Malwood Walk Bramble Hill Walk

Thomas Holloway.

James Mantell. William Cooper. Anthony Bumpstead. Tho1 Toomer, Sen'. Edward Toomer. Tho' ToomerJunr.

William Piper.

Edward Pierce. George Maynard.

Stephen Burton.

Rob1 Witherington. Flower Archurch.

BefideS

Right to Fuel limited by Decree, *6 £lizch«

Appendix, N° 6.

Claims at the Justice Seat, n Cha* XI.

Bailiwicks and Walks in the Forest.

'Lord Warden; his Office and Emoluments*

Forest Rents, how colk&ed.

Salary and Perquisites of the Lord Warden's Steward. Appendix, N° 7.

j. d.

£. 13. 12. i.

£.j0. — _

£*5 ——

£.16. ——

Riding Foresterj his Office and Emoluments.

Appendix, N? 8.

£ 5°».

29 Geo. IIL Z46 Juiii.

Bcfides these there were formerly Agiftors for this Forest, whose Duty was to receive the Agistment or Profit arising from the Herbage and Pannage, for the King’s Use; but the Herbage and Pannage being granted to the Lord Warden, those Profits are collected by the Lord Warden’s Steward, and the Appointment of Agiftors has been discontinued for near a Century past.

There were likewise a Verminer and Sub-Verminer; but those Appointments also ceased about the same Time.

The Lord Warden is appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, during His Majesty’s Pleasure. This Officer has a general Superintendance and Command over the Forest in all Matters relative to Vert and Venison; and appoints the Bowbearer, Rangers* Steward, and all the Master Keepers and Groom Keepers, to continue during his Pleasure; except in the Bailiwick of Burley, which is granted by Patent for a Term of Years. There are granted to the Lord Warden by his Patent the Manor of Lyndhurjt and Hundred of Redbridge (or New Forest Hundred) and the Office of Keeper of the Decoy Pond, with the Herbage and Pannage, the Turf, Fern, and Heath, and the Rents of the Free Tenants and Suitors of the Forest, reserving to the Crown Three small Rents, amounting to £. 6 per Annum; and the Lord Warden

has the Possession of the King’s House at,

with an Allowance of £.70 per Annum for keeping the House and Stables in Repair; but that Allowance has for many Years past been paid as a Salary to a Person appointed by the Lord Warden, as House Keeper of the King’s House, and called the Lord Warden’s Steward; and the Repairs are done at the Charge of the Crown.

In Two of the Bailiwicks, namely, Godfhill and Linwood, the Forest Rents have for many Years past

been let or farmed out to the Under Keepers of those Bailiwicks, paying a certain Sum Annually to the Use of the Lord Warden, and keeping the Residue for their own Use; and ill all the Bailiwicks that Part of the Rents which confiftS of Corn, or other Payments in Kind, is allowed to the Under Keepers for their own Benefit. From the NegleCl of those who have formerly held these Offices, in not keeping, or delivering to their Successors, proper Accounts of these Rents and Payments, we have not yet been able to obtain a satisfactory Account of this Part of the Forest Col-leftions; but wherever we have obtained any Knowledge of the Payments formerly made, we find them now much diminished. The Quit Rents of Lyndburst Manor, and a Part of the Forest Rents, are collected by the Lord Warden’s Steward; and the Remainder, which are payable in small Districts 'called Tythings, are collected by the Tything-men, and paid over to him* The Amount of the Rental is Ninety-six Pounds and Two Shillings per Annum, but some few of the Rents are in Arrear. The Sum accounted for to the Lord Warden’s Use is Eighty-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence per Annum, and the Steward is allowed to keep what he collects above that Sum. The same Person receives the Pannage Money for Swine turned into the Forest in Pannage Time, and takes Charge of Cattle and Swine unchallenged (or unclaimed) on driving the Forest, which, if not owned within a Year, become the Property of the Lord Warden; but the present Steward states that no Instance of that Sort has happened since his Appointment.

The Courts of the Manor and Hundred are held by Mr. Mansfield, the Under Steward of the Forest; and the Profits arising to the Lord Warden from the Whole are as follows:

s.

£. 96. *. — Appendix, N° 7*

£.86. V

d.

S-

Appendix, N°» and 14.

The Fines of Copyholders of the Manor of Lyndburst for the last Ten Years, from ift January 1779 to ift January 1789, are stated by Mr. Mansfield to have amounted to £. 1,278. 12 4d. or, communibus

The Quit Rents of the Copyholds ——

The Residue of the Quit Rents, Month Money, and other Forest Rents, as now answered, exclusive of the Two Rents next mentioned, amount to ——

The Decoy Pond, with a House and small Quantity of Land held with it, now let at ——

And the Relit of a Meadow called in the Parish of Elinr,

now let at ——

* d.

127 >7 3

10 16 7

61 10 9*

10 — —

£.214 4 8

The Profits of the Pannage, which have amounted, on an Average of the last Four Years, to Thirteen Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny per Annum, are allowed to be kept^ by the House Steward for his own Use; besides which he has the Salary or Allowance of Seventy Pounds per Annum before-mentioned, and the Use of some Lands belonging to the King’s House, and to Ironjhill Lodge, worth about Twenty-five Pounds per Annum; he is also One of the Re-garders of the Forest, and receives Fees in that Capacity to the Amount of about Sixteen Pounds per Annum.

The Riding Forester is likewise appointed by Letters Patent during His Majesty’s Pleasure. This Officer deferibes his Duty to be to ride before the King, when he goes into the Forest. His Salary is Five hundred Pounds per Annum, payable at the Exchequer; and he has One Fee Buck and Fee Doe Yearly from the Forest.

The Bowbearer is appointed by the Lord Warded during his Pleasure. His Duty is said to be to attend the King with a Bow and Arrows, when in the Forest. His Salary is Forty Shillings a Year, and he has likewise a Fee Buck and Doe Yearly.

The Rangers are appoinfed by the Lord Warden during his Pleasure. The Duty of that Office is to drive the Deer, which stray into the Purlieus, back again into the Forest. The Salary is Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Annum, besides Four Pounds per Annum in Lieu of a certain Quantity of Wood formerly allowed to them;, and One Fee Buck and Doe Yearly to each Ranger.

The Woodward is appointed by Letters Patent during His Majesty’s Pleasure. The Salary allowed by the Patent is One hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum for hirrrfelf, and Fifty Pounds for his Deputy j which Salaries are mentioned to be in Lieu of all Fees and Allowances whatsoever: But since the Year 1769,

a ' the

Bowbearer. Appendix, N*

Rangers. Appendix, f ind to.

S. dm

£.%. ij. 4.

tVoodwird. Appendix, N" u.

£.150. — —

£. 50. — —

556 240 Julii. A. 1780.

£. 100. — — the Woodward has been paid Two hundred Pounds a Year for himself, besides the Salary of the Deputy; and he receives Perquisites arising from the Bark of Timber assigned for Repairs to the Tenants of burjl Manor, amounting to about Ten Pounds Annum.

Deputy Woodward. This Office is wholly executed by the Deputy Woodward, and the only Duty performed is to attend on the aligning of Wood for Fuel, to direct the digging of the Moor Wood (or Roots of Trees) and to dispose of it, and take Charge Windfall Trees, and other Trees or Wood casually thrown down in the Forest. Such of those Trees as are fit for the Navy are delivered to the Purveyor, to be sent to the Dock Yard, and Navy Bills for the Value of them are issued to the High Woodward; the rest are valued by the Regarders, and sold by the Deputy Woodward, who accounts for the Produce to the High Woodward, and he is accountable for the Whole to the Crown. The t-s»- — — Deputy Woodward, besides his Salary of Fifty Pounds

Append is, 1*. Annum,takes as Perquisites for himself the Lops and Tops of Timber assigned for Repairs to the Te-

£.t».---- nants of Lyndhurst Manor, amounting to about Twelve

Pounds per Annum j for Tickets issued to the Diggers t of the Moor Wood, a Fee of Two Shillings each*

£. 1. is. — being about One Pound and Twelve Shillings per Annum; and he has an Assignment of Four Loads of Fuel Wood Yearly from the Forest. The present Deputy Woodward is also One of the Regarders, and in that Capacity receives Fees to the Amount of about £. 16. — _ Sixteen Pounds per Annum.

Verderor*. The Verderors, who are the Judges of the Swani-

Appendix, n«9. mote and Attachment Courts, are chosen by the Freeholders of the County, by virtue of the King’s Writ. They have no Salary, nor any Emolument or Perquisite, besides a Fee Buck and a Fee Doe Yearly to each Verderor.

Steward and Under The Steward and Under Steward are appointed by Steward. the Lord Warden, during Pleasure. The Under

»nd\P£endl*’ *, J Steward deferibes it to be his Duty to attend at and enroll all the Proceedings of the Courts of Attachment and Swanimote, all Appointments of Officers by the Lord Warden, all Licences to sport in the Forest, and such Treasury Warrants for cutting Timber as are transmitted by the Deputy Surveyor for that Purpose; he likeWife holds the Court Leet for the Hundred of Redbridge (or New Forest Hundred) and Courts Baron for the Manor of Lyndhurst. The High Steward has no Salary or Perquisites, except an old Annual Fee of Five Guineas paid by the Lord Warden. The Under Steward has not any Salary; his Fees are stated by him to arise from the Business of the Courts, and the Entry of Appointments and Warrants, which he cal-« culates to amount on an Average to about Eighty Pounds per Annum.They are wholly paid by Individuals, except an antient Allowance of One Pound Five Shillings, for attending each Attachment Court, which is charged to the Account of the Lord Warden. The High Steward has Two Fee Bucks, and the Deputy Steward One, Annually from the Forest. KegarJ«r*. The Regarders are chosen, as the Verderors are, by the Freeholders of the County. The Business of the Regarders, as now executed, is to attend at the marking of all Trees to be felled for any Purpose whatever; to value the Tops of Navy Timber, and any other Timber or Wood to be sold in the Forest; and attend both at the Sales of Wood, Timber, and Bark, and at the Delivery thereof to the Purchasers, as well'as of the Naval Timber to the Officers of the Dock Yard. s»rFx-imination of Formerly the Regarders used to inspect all Works Mr. Cotrman. done in the Forest, the making and planting of In-' '5* closures, the Estimates for Buildings or Repairs, and the Execution of those Works, and to examine and attest the Accounts thereof; but of late Years this very useful Part of their Duty has been laid aside.

The Regarders have no Salary'or other Emoluments, except a Fee of Two Shillings and Six Pence a Day, paid to them when actually attending any Business relating to the Forest. Some of them live at a considerable Distance, and very rarely attend: Those who are most frequent in their Attendance, are Three or Four who reside at Lyndhurst and the neighbouring Villages, together with the Deputy Surveyor, Deputy Woodward, Purveyor of the Navy, and Lord Warden’s Steward, all of whom have been chosen Regarders, and receive Fees as such, when attending the Business of their other Offices, though the Duties of those Offices are incompatible with that of Regarder, which was instituted as a Check upon the other Officers in the Forest. The Fees of the Regarders are paid by the Deputy Surveyor, Deputy Woodward, and Lord Warden’s Steward, each for Attendance on the Business in his own Department; and it appears by the Examinations of those Officers, that the Deputy Append!*, 7, Woodward does not usually attend on the marking of *’ *nd *5‘ Timber to be felled in the Surveyor’s or Lord Warden’s Departments, nor the Deputy Surveyor on the assigning of Fuel Wood or Repair Timber in the Department of the Woodward, or of Navy Timber in that of the Lord Warden, unless they happen to be in the Forest on other Business; but that they nevertheless pay each other the Fees of Regarder, and receive the like from the Lord Warden’s Steward, in the same Manner as if they constantly attended. If it happens that Business is transacted in the Forest for the Lord Warden, the Surveyor General, and the Woodward, on the same Day, the Regarders present are paid^ separately by each, so that they receive Three Fees for such Day’s Attendance. The Amount of the Re-garder’s Fees paid to the Purveyor, is about Nineteen £. t>. — . — Pounds per Annum, and to the Three other Officers , abovenamed about Sixteen Pounds per Annum each: — —

To all the other Regarders the Fees are consideribly less, varying in Proportion to their Attendance; and out of what they receive they defray the Expences incurred for themselves and their Horses, so that very little remains to them for their own Time and Trouble.

The Duty of the Master Keepers and Groom Matter Keeper* and Keepers is to preserve the Vert and Venison in their GrogmKeePet»* respective Bailiwicks and Walks; to present, at the Forest Courts, the Destruction or Diminution of either, by Warrant or otherwise, and all Depredations or Incroachments on the Forest; and ufc their utmost Endeavours to prevent them: To admit no Cattle during the Fence Month and Winter Haining, or Swine, except in Pannage Time, and then only such as belong to those who have Right of Common:

To admit no uncommonable Cattle at any Time, or Horses deemed unservicenble, or under the Size mentioned in the Act of 33d IlenryVIII. for encouraging the Breed of Horses: To allow no Turf or Fern to be cut, but in Places to be appointed by themselves; nor any Coal Hearths for making Charcoal, except in the Waste Ground, in Places to be appointed by the Verderors and Regarders, nor within a Thousand Paces of any Inclosure for the Growth of Timber.

In all the Bailiwicks, except that of Burley, the Master Allappointedbythc Keepers and Groom Keepers are appointed by the Lord Warden, except Lord Warden, during Pleasure. The Master Keepers ,n AppeLix^N^to, of those Bailiwicks have no Salary, nor any Perqui- 16,17,18,19.

Ijtcs, except Fee Deer; but those of

Jronjhill, and Rhineftdd Walks,have each a Lodge to

reside in, with large Allowances of Fuel.

The Keepership of the Bailiwick of Burley has been Bailiwick of BuHey held for near a Century past by the Dukes of Bolton, granted by Patent, by successive Grants, for Terms of Years or Lives.

The last Grant to that Family expired in March 1786,

and a farther Grant hath been made to the Earl of 10th June 17SJ.

Lcnjdale, for a Term of 30 Years from that Time.

Thi*

29 Gfco. lit. 240 Julii. 557 i

This Bailiwick comprizes the Two Walks of Burley that the Master Keeper takes as Perquisites the Lops, and Holmejley,which are very extensive. The Fee or Tops, and Bark of all Oak Timber felled in that Salary granted by the Patent is £.9. is. 6d.per An- Bailiwick, together with the Moor Wood (or Roots num, which is paid by the Receiver of the demised of Trees) and Windfalls, and is. 6 for every Load Land Revenue in the County of Southampton..There of Fuel Wood aligned there.

is a large House or Lodge in Burley Walk for the These Perquisites of Lops, Tops, Bark, and Wind-Master Keeper, and a Lodge for an Under Keeper in fall Trees, not being mentioned in the Patent under fcach Walk, which the Grantee covenants to keep in which the Office is now held, we have had Reference Repair at his own Expectce. to former Grants, and find that the Lops, Tops, and

There have been usually Two Under Keepers for Windfall Wood, with the Herbage and Pannage, and the Two Walks; but since the Year 1783 there has Forest Rents within this Bailiwick, were uniformly Appendix, N* *0. been only One for both. The present Under Keeper granted with the Office of Bailiff prior to the 8th of states, in his Examination, that the Master Keeper George I. under a Relit of 5. 3*. 4 not being often in the Forest, nor fof a long Conti- payable to the Crown; but that in all the Grants since nuance, he has himself the Care of the great Lodge, that Time those Words have, been left out, and the and constantly lives in it; and has also the Use of 35 Reservation of the Relit discontinued. From that Al-Acres of inclosed Land belonging to that Lodge, and teration in the Terms of the Patent, it seems to of both the Under Keepers Lodges, and the Land have been intended that those Perquisites should belonging to them; that he receives from the Duke have ceased: And as the Act of 9th and 10th of Bolton a Salary of £. 30 per Annum, as Keeper of William III. has prohibited and declared void all Burley Walk, but none as Keeper of Holmejley; that Grants of Wood and Timber within this Forest, we there is Annually an Assignment of 25 Loads of Fuel apprehend that no Person can be entitled to any Wood from the Forest for the great Lodge, which he Wood or Timber there, under any Grant made since has the Benefit of in the Absence of the Master the passing of that Act. — -It appears, however, that 1

Keeper; and a separate Assignment, to the Value of those Perquisites have continued to be taken, and that £. 10, for each Under Keeper’s Lodge; out of which the Relit of £. 5. 3 4 is (till paid to the Receiver

he fells to the Amount of about £. 25 clear* and uses of the Land Revenue in the County of Southampton. the Remainder as Fuel. The rest of his Perquisites And we also find that the Repairs of the Lodges in are Fees on killing Deer, about £.50; Profit by Sale this Bailiwick have been done at the Charge of the of Wood cut for browsing the Deer, about '£. 35; Crown, notwithstanding the Covenant in die Grant Profit from Rabbits killed in the Forest, about £. 30; for keeping them in Repair.

and from keeping Cattle and Swine, about £.22; be- The Salaries of the Under Keepers of the other Under Keepers s»-

Tides the Lodges and Land, which he values at £.28; 14 Walks are paid by the Lord Warden, as will be making together £. 220 per Annum. hereafter explained; their Perquisites arise chiefly Appendix, N" u,

The Under Keeper also states, that there are Forest from Deer, Browfewood, Rabbits, and keeping of *'

Rents in this Bailiwick belonging' to the Master Swine and other Live Stock in the Forest; and the Keeper, amounting to about £.30 per Annum; and State of the Whole is as follows;

Vol.XUV.

7C NAMES

g

eg'

i — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

rs

NAMES of the KEEPERS. Salaries. Nobles for drivingcheir Walks. Allowance in lieu of Fuel Wood. Allowance for small Repairs to their Lodges,

I £ d- £ s. d. £ * d.

William Cooper — — 20 — — 13 4 IO 2 — —

Thomas Toomer, Sen' — — 24 — — 3 6 8 IO 2

i Anthony Bumpjlead — — 24 3 6 8 IO — 2

Thomas Toomer, Jun' — — 19 — — 1 13 4 IO — 2

Edward Toomer — — 3* *3 4 1 13 4 IO — — 2

'James Mantell — — 20 1 13 4 IO — — 2

Tlower Archurch — — 20 — — 1 13 4 IO 2

George Maynard — — 20 13 4 IO 2

Robert Witherington — — 20 — — 1 13 4 IO 2

Stephen Burton — — 33 368 IO 2

Edward Pierce — — 23 4 13 4 IO — 2

William Piper (2 Walks) — 40 368 20 4 — —

£- Thomas Holloway (2 Walks) — 294 13 4 30 29 13 4 130 Profit by > 26 — —

£ 324 13 4 29 *3 4 *55 26 _

H

si-

rs

Annual Value of Lodge and Land,

£ S* d.

IO ——

12 — —

' 16 ——

ao ——

io — —

15 ——

10 — — 10 — — 22 — —

and *1

8 - -f

upwards j 142 ——

28 ——

170 — —

cn

cn

00

# Fees on killing Deer. Profit by Sale of Browse Wood. Profit from Rabbits.

£ s d. d. £. s. d.

i4 5 — 20 — — —

25 9 6 18 30

14 14 — 15 8

42 25 50

42 31 19 10 — 10 00 O O 1 1 1 1 1 \ 40

1 24 3 — IO — — 2 — —

13 14 — IO — —

29 16 — 10 IO — —

r — 10 — 1

22 2 6 15 J only for the last ( 1 Four Years, but ( L formerly £. 15. J

41 2 6 15 10 5

319 14 6 177 135 10 —

50 — — 35 30

369 14 6 212 — — 165 10 —

Average Profit from Live Stock. Net Profit of Forest Rents, in Money and Corn. Allowance for looking after Inclosures.

£. s. d. 12 ~ — £. s. d. £. s, d.

12 7 7 — f —

14 11 11 8 2 2 —

13 24 — 2 2 —

10 5 4 4 —

12 10 — — —

11 7 — — s — IO IO —

19 2 —

12 8 — — 16 — —

10 — — — 2 2 —

4^ 00 1 1 1 1 2 14 — —

168 5 — 22 31 17 21 —

I90 5 — Co M OO 21

TOTALS.

£. s.

84 18 4

142 3 4£

ii6 14 4

170 19 4

172 10 8

"7 3 4 93 5 4

105 16 4 80 9 4 no 14 8

129 19 10 150 19 2

i,475 *3

220 ——

1,695 J3 l°l

Julii. A. 1789.

2p Geo. III.

2 40 Julii.

559

Changes in the Mode The Salaries of the Under Keepers, specified in the

of paying the Salaries, Two Columns of the preceding Statement, are

&c. of (he Forest OBi- , r , . r *? ,

cers. made up of lundry Allowances, given to them at

different Periods, and originally payable out of different Funds. By a Decree of the Court of Ex-Appendix, N° 6. chequer, dated 19th , 26th Elizabeth (made on the Hearing of divers Suits brought by the General Surveyor of the Queen’s Woods against sundry Keepers, Rangers, and Foresters, for Spoils committed in this Forest) it appears that the only Salary allowed to the Keepers before that Time, was One Pound Six ' Shillings and Eight Pence per Annum for each Bailiwick, which was paid by the Lord Warden; the rest of their Emoluments then arose from Windfall and " Rootfall " Trees, and other Perquisites, arising chiefly from Wood. By the same Decree it was ordered, that they Should have a further Salary or Allowance of One Pound Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Annum for each Bailiwick, to be paid by the Woodward out of the Produce of Wood Sales j and this Part of their Allowances is still distinguished by the Name of the Lord Warden’s Nobles, and the Woodward’s Nobles. But the Windfalls and other Per-

quifites then taken by the Keepers, being attended with very destructive Effects on the Forest, Orders were afterwards given for abolishing them entirely} and the Keepers were allowed additional Wages in lieu of them, which were paid by the Woodward out of the Produce of Wood Sales.

The Salaries of the Rangers and Bowbearer were also paid by the Lord Warden j and it appears by some Memorandums subjoined to a Rental of the Forest Rents in 1747, received by us from Mr.

Thomas Bullock, who was Lord Warden’s Steward under the late Duke of Bedford, that the several other Charges undermentioned were then likewise defrayed by the Lord Warden out of the Forest Rents *.

The Salary of the Woodward, the Allowance to the Lord Warden’s Steward, and the Remainder of the Salaries or Allowances of the Under Keepers, were paid out of Wood Sales made under the Direction of the Woodward.

According to a Statement contained in a Letter Regulation! fug. from the Duke of Bedford to the Lords of the Trea- l^ford^' fury, dated 29th September 1768, the Annual Charges Warden!

so defrayed were then as follows:

The Woodward’s Salary per Annum — — —

Groomkeepers, Rangers, &ca. — — —

The Salary of Housekeeper at Lyndburjl — — — The Keepers Nobles and Incidentals — — —

Repairs of the Bridges, Forest Pounds, fcfc*. amounting, communibus Amis, to ——

L d.

200 — —

390 -

70 -

57 -

60 ——

£.687 — —

But though these were the ostensible Charges, the Loss to the Forest, in Consequence of Perquisites, Lop, Topi, and Waste, was stated to be Double or Treble that Sum, without reckoning the Sums raised 'for repairing the Lodges of the Under Keepers, or the Fuel Wood with which they were supplied. All this the Duke represented to be such a Charge on the Forest, as in its declining State it was impossible it The Duke'i Propo- could long support; and, as an effectual Remedy, wving the officers,by he proposed, that instead of issuing an Annual War-a Fail of Timber for rant to the Woodward, to raise the Money, by cut-the Navy 5

ting and felling Wood or Timber in the wasteful Mode then practised, the Money should be raised by a Fall of Timber, to be made Yearly, for the Use of the Navy, in Addition to the usual Annual Fall under the Direction of the Surveyor General; and that the Ordering of that Fall, the Receipt of the Monies from the Navy Board, and the Payment of the Forest Officers, should from thenceforth be under the Direction of the Lord Warden. The Money so raised, the Duke proposed should be applied as follows:

Salaries and Allowances,

The Housekeeper at Lyndburjl's Salary — — —

The Woodward’s Salary — — — . —

His Deputy, in lieu of Perquisites — — —

The Groomkeepers, £s?r*. ——

Keepers Nobles and Incidentals — — —

Addition of £. 10 per Annum to each Under Keeper, in lieu of Fuel — £. 2 per Annum to each Keeper, to keep his Premiflfes in Repair, under Inspection of the Lord Warden — — —

£. s. d. 70 ——

200 -

5° ——

3OO ——

57 ——

130 ——

26 — —

under the Direction of the Lord Warden,

£ 833 -

# Paid Annually out of the Forest Rents.

Expences at the Swaniraote Court, for Verderors, Gentlemen, and Servants D° — Grand and Petty Jury — — — *

D° — Keepers ' ——

D° — at Two Indrifts — — —

Two Rangers, each Ten Nobles — ‘ — —

Bowbearer, Six Nobles — — —

High Steward — — — _

A Relit to the Crown (Tax dedo&ed) — — —

To the Keepers of Eight Bailiwicks* each Bailiwick Six Nobles —

To the Keeper walking the Nodes — — —

To Dean and Chapter (Tax dedu&ed) — — . —

To Winton College — — _ —

The Gardener and Wife, per Annum — — —

Salary collecting and paying — —

Cutting and making Hay, Cutting and Carnage of Wood, Tythes, and Taxes Labourers, fcfr*, — — . — _

£. s. d.

2 !£ _1

16 — —

4 3 — — a 11 20 — — 20 — —

Thi9

1

5 tfo

2 40 J.

A. 1789.

The Proposal ap-roved by the Trta-jry* an<* ordered to executed*

The Monies to be ccounted fori

hut no Account

tndcred.

Appendix, N° ij.

The Duke's Reflation failed of the intended }

and brought new 'barges on the Forest.

Appendix, N* ii*

1. d.

£.1,165. 18, 4.

£. *33. ——

The Woodward ncc that Time ac-uuntable only for door Wood and Vindfalls.

No Account ren-lered by the Wood-vat d since 1771*

Present Woodward's Aecoants.

N« 39.

This Proposal having been agreed to by the Treasury, Warrants were issued, dated 25th April 1769, to the Lord Warden and to the Commissioners of the Navy, to fell Annually, for Twenty Years, Three hundred and Seventy Loads of Oak, and fifty Beech Trees, in Addition to the usual Annual Fall, and which it was calculated would produce about Nine hundred Pounds. The Sums before mentioned were to be paid out of that Fund, and the Residue, if any, to go into the Exchequer, and to be Annually accounted for before the Auditor. The Business has accordingly ever since been carried on in that Manner. The Timber is marked for felling by the Purveyor, with the Lord Warden’s Steward, in the Presence of the Regarders j and on the Delivery of the Timber to the Officers of the Dock Yard, Navy Bills are issued for it, in the Name of the Lord Warden and the Tops, Bark, and Offal Wood, with any Trees that may be rejected as unfit for Naval Use, are sold by the Steward. During the first Two Years the Business was transacted by the Agents of the Duke of Bedford; but since his Death it has been executed by Nathaniel Heywood, Esquire, Matter Keeper of Battramfley Bailiwick, whom the present Lord Warden appointed his Deputy in the Year 1771, with the Aflittance of the Lord Warden’s Steward, but no Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Monies arising therefrom has yet been rendered to the Auditor.

We have inferred in the Appendix an Extract of the Duke of Bedford's Letter, upon which that Arrangement was founded, because it contains the best Explanation, both of his Reasons for proposing this Change, and of the good Effects which he expected from it: But the Result of this well-intended Measure, like that of every other Plan for improving the Forest under its present ill-arranged System of Management, has been very-different from what was looked for, and though the Watte and Abuses in the Sales formerly made by the Woodward have been avoided, yet new Charges have been brought on the Forest, to no inconsiderable Amounton perusing the Accounts of the Lord Warden’s Deputy, which we thought it necessary to call for, and of which an Ab-stradt is inserted in the Appendix, it appears that the Annual Charges stated by him in the Period of Sixteen Years, from Lady Day 1771 to Lady Day, 1787, amount, One Year with another, to One thousand One hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence per Annum, instead of Eight hundred and Thirty-three Pounds, as computed by the Duke of Bedford; and those Salaries and Expences which were formerly defrayed out of the Forest Rents, are become an additional Burthen on the Forest.

From the Time that this new Arrangement took place the Woodward became accountable only for such Monies as might arise from Moor Wood, Windfall Trees, or other casual Timber or Wood. Sir Paulet St. Johnwho was then Woodward, passed his Accounts to the Year 1771, inclusive, being Two Years after the new Plan commenced: He continued in that Office until the Year 1780, and on his Death the present Woodward, Mr. Stanley George was appointed his Successor. But no Account having been rendered by any Woodward of this Forest, since the Year 1771, we thought it necessary to call on the present Woodward for an Account of the Monies received by him since he has held that Office; and he has accordingly delivered an Account to us, of which an Abstratft is likewise given in the Appendix. The Act by which we are appointed having directed that all Persons who by virtue of their Offices have received Monies by Sale of any of His Majesty’s Woods or Timber, since His Majesty’s Accession, and whose Accounts Should not be passed before the

1 ft of Aug:Jl 1787, Should deliver such Accounts to us, in order to the closing, adjusting, and liquidating the same by or before the Auditor of the Land Revenue, we have transmitted the Accounts both of the Deputy Warden and Woodward to the Auditor, in order to their being finally examined and adjusted, and have written to the Representatives of the late Lord Warden and Woodward, to deliver a State oif their unsettled Accounts.

Besides the Officers above mentioned, who are properly called Forest Officers, there are Two others principally concerned in what relates to the Timber and Wood; these are the Purveyor of the NaVy acting for this Forest, and the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests.

The Act of 9th and 10th William III. having directed that no Wood or Timber Should be cut or felled in the New Forest, without having been first viewed, and allowed to be felled, by a Commissioner or Officer of His Majesty’s Navy, that Business is executed by the Purveyor of Portsmouth Dock Yard for the Time being, whose Duty is to prevent any Timber fit, or likely to become fit, for Naval Use, from being cut for any other Purpose. The Purveyor is paid by the Navy Board as an Officer of the Dock Yard, and has no Salary or Emoluments from the Forest as Purveyor, except an Allowance of Eight Loads of Fuel Wood Yearly, worth about Four Pounds. But the present Purveyor having been chosen One of the Regarders of the Forest, as we have before observed, he receives the Regarder’s Fees of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Day, when attending the Business of the Forest as Purveyor, the Average Amount of which Fees he states to be about Nineteen Pounds per Annum.

The Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests appoints a Deputy under him in this Forest, whose Office is to execute all Warrants for felling Timber for the Navy, or for railing Money by Sale of Wood or Timber, erecting or repairing Lodges or other Buildings, repairing Bridges or Inclosures, or executing any other Works in the Forest. The Timber felled for the Navy is delivered into the Custody of the Purveyor, and Navy Bills are issued to the Surveyor General for such as is felled under his Charge. The Tops and Bark of that Timber, and any Trees that may be rejected as unfit for Naval Use, as also all Wood and Timber cut in the Forest for Sale, are valued by the Regarders, and publicly sold by thet Deputy Surveyor, and accounted for to the Surveyor General.

The Perquisites and Emoluments of the Surveyor General, arising from this Forest, are nearly the same as were stated in our Third Report to be derived from the Forest of Dean,being

10 s. per Day (Sundays excepted) for Attendance and travelling Expences, during the Execution of any Work in the Forest.

An Allowance for Two nominal Deputies, at per Day each (Sundays excepted) which is considered as a Perquisite or Addition to the Salary of the Surveyor General.

5 per Cent, or One Shilling in the Pound, charged by the Surveyor General on all Monies received by him: — Which several Payments are stated and allowed in his Accounts, on passing the same before the Auditor.

Besides which, the Surveyor General receives as Perquisites, by the Hands of his Deputy,

5 per Cent, on the Amount of all Estimates for Buildings, Repairs, or other Works, done in the Forest, the Estimates being professedly so calculated as to admit of that Deduction.

5 per Cent, on the Amount of the Sales of Timber,

Wood,

Officers not properly Forest Officers.

Punreyor of the Navy, his Duty, &c.

Appendix, N° 14.

Surveyor General of Woods and Forests.

Appendix, N°*5.

Surveyor General'*

Perquisites in New Forest*

Appendix, N° iy

29 Geo. III.

240 Julii.

561

Wood, and Bark, in the Forest, which is deduced from the Produce of such Sales.

And is. per Tree, as Chip Money, for all Naval Trees, which is paid by the Purchasers of the Lops and Tops of such Trees, to whom an Allowance is made for it in the Price of the Wood.

Deputy Surveyor’s And the Surveyor General’s Deputy in this Forest Perquisitei. has a Salary of Fifty Pounds per Annum paid by the

Treasury, and takes, as Perquisites for himself, the old Polls, Pales, or Rails, left on repairing any Fences belonging to the Forest; Five Shillings a Year from each of the Regxrders, on paying them for their Attendance on any Business in his Department; and One Shilling per Lot for every Lot of Timber, Wood, and Bark fold in the Forest, which is paid by the Purchasers of such Lots. The Amount of which Perquisites the Deputy fays, in his Examination, he is unable to (late, not having kept an Account thereof. The Deputy Sur- The present Deputy Surveyor, as we have before garder?.ne°ftheRe' observed, is also One of the Regarders, and receives Fees in that Capacity to the Amount of about Sixteen

Pounds a Year.

But an Emolument of more uncertain Amount

arises from the Execution of Repairs and other Works in the Forest, which is thus described by himself, in his Executes the Re- Examination inferred in the Appendix: " When any pair*, ice.in the Fo- tt Lodges or Buildings in the Forest are to be re-lt built or repaired, after the Matter has been referred " to the Surveyor General, this Examinant, by his *' Order, has usually employed a Workman to make " an Estimate of the Expence, and returned it to the Surveyor General, who reported the same to the " Treasury; and after Warrants have been issued for performing the ' Works, according to such Estimates, this Examinant has usually undertaken the 'Execution of the Business on the Terms of the ct Estimates, and employed Workmen to perform the *. same accordingly, accounting to the Surveyor General for his Poundage of Five per Cent, on the Amount of such Estimates. It has noHjeen usual, «« since he has held the Office, for the previous Efti-ct mates to be made or delivered upon Oath, nor for " any of the Regarders, or any other Person, to be w employed to oversee, inspect, or examine the Exe-c< cution of the Works, or the Accounts of the Expences thereof; or for the Estimates or Accounts of such Works to bepresented or examined at the Fo-’* rest Courts. When Timber is wanted for performing such Works or Repairs, the Quantity, which is " usually specified in the Warrant, is set out by the <( Purveyor of the Navy, in the Presence of the usual Number of Regarders. The Quantity is not delivered by Measure, but by Estimation; and if any *f Surplus remains, above what is actually used, this Examinant takes it for his own Use, as Part of the " Allowance of the Estimate."

Charge of repair- The Amount of the Sums expended in re-building ge*’&c,finec an<^ rePaifing Lodges, Bridges, and Pounds, and re-

laid out a very heavy Charge to be incurred so footl afterwards on the same Account. We therefore thought it necessary, before giving any Opinion on the Estimate referred to us, to have the Buildings viewed By a competent and experienced Surveyor; and the

Person whom we employed reported to us, that the 1

Appendix, N®»«. pairing old and making new Inclosures, since His present Majesty’s Accession, is £. 13,394. 19J. *'£*9*31* — that Sum no less than £.9,431* is for Lodges only,

besides 503 Loads of Timber allowed from the Forest. In what Manner the Estimates for these Expenditures were formed, or the Works executed, may be judged of from an Instance which came under our Appendix, N® *7. immediate Observation in the Year 1787; an Appli-Seeeifo Appendix, cation being then made to the Lords of the Treasury, *,19, jo. to orcjer some Repairs to be done at the M after Estimate for Re- Keeper’s Lodge, in Iron's , and an Estimate

pair* at iron’* Hill having been made, in the usual Course, and returned

l^dge in 1787. . ® , 1 J . t *

i. d. to the Treasury, amounting to £.931, 13s. 8 a. their *j. t. Lord ships thought proper to refer that Estimate to our Consideration. As we found that the Sum of £. 1,788. 13*. 3</. had been granted for Work done at that Lodge in the Year 1769 and 1777, we could not avoid thinking the further Sum proposed to be Vol. XLIV.

>. i. £.1,7*1.13. j.

whole Work might be done for £.541, being £.390 °’

less than the former Estimate; ana upon our Report to the Treasury the Works were ordered and executed for that Sum.

In our Report on the Forest of we were so Observation«on i

full in our Remarks on the evil Tendency of the pre*- Present »‘I

sent Mode of paying the efficient Officers; that it be- "*'nt comes unnecessary to say much on the same Subject in our Report on this Forest, in which the same Practices prevail. The only Object of great Consequence to the Public, in any of the Forests, is the increase and Preservation of the Timber. How far that Object is regarded in the present Management of this Forest, will appear on a flight Attention to the Nature of the Offices, and to the Manner in which they are now executed. The Matter Keepers considering their Appointments rather as Marks of Distinction, than as Offices of Business or Responsibility; the Surveyor giving his Attention chiefly to the Execution of Warrants from the' Treasury for raising and laying out Money, and having no Power over the Under Keepers; the Woodward confining himself to the inferior ObjeCls of Fuel Wood, Repair Timber, Windfall Trees, and Moor Wood; the Regarders being only called in occasionally, for particular Purposes, and several of them holding other Offices, incompatible with that of Regarder; and the Business of the Purveyor being chiefly to prevent Trees fit for the Navy from being applied to any other Use, it is obvious that the Protection of the Inclosures, and the Pre- Care of you fervation of the young Wood and Timber, must depend chiefly, if not altogether, on the Conduce of the the Under Keepen Under Keepers,

In this Situation the greatest Care should have been taken to allow no Perquisite to those Men that could make it for their Interest to do any Thing that might be prejudicial to the Forest, or lead them to counteract the great public Object of increasing and preserving the Wood and Timber: But if a Keeper should perform his Duty in every Particular necessary for promoting that Object, he would lose the greatest Present F.mo Part of his present Emoluments, which depend on the increase and Encouragement of what is destructive to Wood and Timbe the Wood and Timber; for it appears by the Statement before given that they are chiefly derived from Fees for Deer, Profits by Sale of Browse Wood, and by the Breed of Rabbits and Swine; and the Perqui- Surveyor Gen' sites of the Surveyor General and Woodward, and and Woodward, their Deputies, also hold out strong Inducements to promote the profuse felling of the Timber, but none for its increase and Preservation.

This Mode of paying those who have the Care of Eff«a* of pre this valuable Forest, is certainly such as no Man £^"^senient of would adopt in the Management of his own Property, and the Effects of it upon the Forest, which we thought it necessary ourselves to view, are,

ift. That the Forest is so much overstocked with The Forest o Deer, that many die Yearly of Want in the Winter; ft°s^eE«n!in?teio and not less than 300 died in One Walk only in the James Mamet, Winter of 1787. Appendix, N» „

andly. That great Waste and Destruction is made of Dtftruaion by the Hollies and Thorns, which afford the belt Nursery. Wood1

and Protection for young Trees; and much more s»ie.

Wood, and of a larger Size than is necessary or proper for browsing, is cut by the Keepers under that Pretence, to increase their own Profits.

3rdly. That the Breed of Rabbits is encouraged by E"1 of Ral almost every one of the Keepers, but particularly in *n"raged| the Two Walks of Wilverley and Rhine field, where for Timber"'^ Three Inclosures made for the Growth of Timber inwWamo*;

7 D have

ilverley 4.80 Acres.

Jiit'ge

: 1 i 11 - 131 Acres. 611

inefield 114 Acres.

The Keepers Dcai-in bwiuc.

nclosures for Tim-neglected.

Lod^rs often re-reil, but not sub-

maliy.

\ppeml»x, N° a6.

?att!e and Swine nitted in all Sea-

Tnal Hearths made he Woods.

Tutting Fern, &c. all Parts of the ell.

Vppendix, N°* 15 1 35-

idling and mifap* ing Fuel Wood. \ppendix, N°* 7, *4* *5-

depredations by tagers, &c.

’a\jfe* of Rdaxa. in the Manage* it of the Forclt.

He Keepejs dif-r.aged from prose-ng Offenders, by b^pence attending

562 240 JuliL A. 1780.

have been converted into Warrens by the Under Keepers, infomoch that in Two of them, containing about 611 Acres, there is not One young Tree; and in the Third, containing 214 Acres, only a very small Number.

4thly. That some of the Keepers deal largely in Swine, which are suffered to remain in the Forest a* all Seasons. The Keeper of Walk only had

a Stock of between 70 and 80 Swine at the Time of his Examination in November last.

5thly, That the Fences of the Inclosures made for Nurseries of Timber are neglected; and for Want of repairing flight Defeats when they happen, often require large and expensive Repairs; but are, in general, in such bad Condition, as to keep out neither Deer, Horses, Cattle, or Swine.

6thly. That the Lodges are repaired often, and at great Charge, but never substantial, or in a Workman-like Manner.

7thly. That the salutary Provisions of the Act of 9th and 10th William III. are almost wholly difre-garded in many other Respects.

Swine and Cattle of all Kinds, commonable or not commonable, are suffered to go in the Forest at all Times, without Regard to the Fence Month and Winter Haining, and without any Restriction as to Number, or Proof that they belong to those who have Right of Common.

The Charcoal Hearths are all allowed to be within the Woods, because that is more convenient to the Makers, though attended with the Danger of burning the Woods, and affording Opportunities of dealing young Trees or Branches with less Probability of Detection.

Fern, Heath, and Furze are cut in every Part of the Forest, without having the Places assigned as the Law requires, though attended with the certain Effect of destroying whatever young Shoots are coming up among them; and those who make a Trade of cutting Turf and Peat for Sale are become so daring, as to threaten the burning of the Forest if they are interrupted; and wilful Fires have sometimes been kindled, by which, in Two late instances, great Part of the Fences and young Trees, in Two of the Inclosures in Castle Malwocd and Denny Walks, were consumed.

The felling, and otherwise disposing of Wood afflgn-ed for Fuel is now likewise openly and generally practised, and great Part of it converted into Rails, Truck Wheels, and other Articles for Sale; and being left to be cut down at the Convenience of the Claimants or Purchasers, without any Check or Controul, more Trees are frequently cut than have been assigned.

Numerous Incroachments are also made, and Cottages erected in the Forest, and great Depredations committed on the Timber and Wood, by the Inhabitants of those Cottages, and other disorderly Persons; and no effectual Means used for the Prevention or Remedy of such Abuses.

From the long Lift which we have given of Officers in this Forest, and the known Severity of the Forest Laws, which are there continued in Force, by the Act of 9th and 10th William III. it may at first Sight appear extraordinary, that the infefior Officers are not better kept to their Duty, and that those Offences which arc so numerous and so general in this Forest meet now wien little Check; but the Forest Courts, which have been gradually falling into Disuse for many Years, have been Hill less frequently held, and their Powers less exerted, since the passing of the Act of the 6th of His present Majesty, by which a speedicr and more effectual Punishment is provided for Offences relative to Woods and Timber than those Courts were invested with; but it unfortunately happens that the Fixpence of proi'ecuting under that Act is such as to discourage the Under Keepers from fulfilling this

Part of their Duty, and prevent the salutary Effects which might be expected from that Law, the Charge of bringing an Offender before a Justice of the Peace being from £. 1. is. to £ 11s. besides the Time and Trouble of the Keeper, for which he has no Return whatever, except on Conviction of the Offender, and then only, by Law, a Moiety of the Fine which the Magistrate may impose: And though the Lord Warden has, for the Encouragement of the Keepers, ordered that the Whole of such Fines shall be paid to the Informers, yet even that is not sufficiene to induce them to risk so considerable and certain an Expence, except in particular Cafes, where the Nature of the Offence gives Reason ro expect a large Fine to be imposed, and where the Conviction appears certain, from the Proof being supported by a greater Number of Witnesses than in so extensive a Waite are often to be found.

Another great Cause of the Unfitness of the Forest Officers to prevent the Abuses which we have enumerated, will be found on a Review of the strange Constitution of the general Government of the Forests, in which, as Manwood observes, there is Divifum perium," the Deer and other Beasts of Chace, the

Vert or Green Hue, and every Thing that relates to the Pleasure of the King in the Forests, being under the Authority of the Justices in Eyre, Lord Warden, and those properly called Forest Officers; and the Timber, with every Thing that relates to the Profit of the King, being under the Direction of the Exchequer; and each of these independent of the other: And the Keepers being within that Department which has the Care of whac relates to the Pleasure of the King, the Surveyor General, who is the Officer of the Exchequer, has no Power or Controul over those Keepers, to whose Care the Forest is left.

Having stated what we judged to be necessary, in order to shew the wasteful Tendency of the System of Government under which this and indeed all the Royal Forests arc placed, we think it in Justice due to the Officers in New Forest, and to the neighbouring Inhabitants, to say, that we do not find the Abuses prevailing the re carried farther, or even so far, as from such unwise Regulations and such Relaxation or Neg-le£l on the Part of Government, might naturally have been expefled; and we have had the Satisfaction to find among the Officers some whose ConduCl merits Approbation; the present Purveyor of the Navy, in particular, has corrected many Abuses which were very destructive to the Forest: Before his Appointment, in the Year 1782, it was not unusual to fell for the Use of the Navy the most thriving Oak Trees, leaving such as were past growing, to decay, or to be cut for Fuel; and former Purveyors were in the Habit of allowing such Oaks to be assigned for Fuel: But Mr.

Nichols, seeing the bad Effects of this Practice, has allowed no Oak to be assigned for Fuel, and has per-fifted in fending to the Dock Yards the oldest Trees, refusing to suffer any other to be felled till the Forest shall be cleared of such as are past growing; and though the Quantity of Timber is far inferior to what it has been, this Forest still remains of great Value to the Public, and well deserves that Attention should be paid to its future Protection and Improvement.

Among the Books and Papers which we have had Occasion to examine in the Course of our Enquiry concerning this Forest, we have been so fortunate as to meet with Four different Surveys of the Timber taken at Periods distant from each other, by Men of such Character and Situation as to admit of no Suspicion of Unfairness or Misrepresentation, the First in 1608, the Second in 1707, the Third in 1764, and the last in 1783; and these different Surveys not only serve to shew the Number of Timber Trees fit for felling that were growing in the Forest at the Times when they were taken, but afford the strongest Proof of the Justice of the

Divided Govern* m«nt of the FortIU.

Manwood on Forest Law*t pa. 371.

Abuses not lb mat at the System admitted.

QuantifyofTitnber in the Forest it diffc* relit Periods*

JBy Pour Surveys* in 1608» *7®7> 17*4* and 1783.

Quantity by the Survey inx6oS.

Appendix, N° 31.

By the Sumy in 1707.

Appendix N* 3*.

The Surrey in 1608 1 Proof of what Improvement the Forest u capable*

causei of the Fo-rest being formerly better ftotkcd with Timber.

2p Geo. Ill, 24

the Account given in our Third Report, of theoppo-site Effects of the Attention formerly bellowed on the Management of the Royal Forests, and of the Neglect and Relaxation which took Place at subsequent Periods.

In a Collection of Papers left by Sir Julius Chancellor of the Exchequer to James I. some Years since purchasedf'by the late Surveyor General, Mr. Jibn Pitt, and lent to us by his Son, Mr. Morton Pitt, we found the first-mentioned Survey of the Timber in Now Forest,taken in the Year , 1608, at which Time

there were growing in- the Forest ho less than 123,927 Timber Trees fit for felling, and such a Number of dotard and decayed Trees as contained 118,000 Loads of Timber.

The next Survey was taken in 1707, by Two of the Commissioners and the Surveyor of the Navy, and Mr. Edward Wilcox, then Surveyor General of the Woods, with the Assistance of the Forest Officers, under a Warrant from the Lord Treasurer dire fling them to report not only bow many T rees fit for the Navy then grew in the Forest, but what Quantity of Timber might be spared from thence yearly to the Dock Yards, with a due Regard to the Preserva-tien of the Forest; -and at that Time there were found growing in it only 12,476 Oak Trees, which those Officers reported might prove fit for her Majesty’s Service, " all of which might: be felled within the Compass of 40 Years, by 300 each Year, without Prejudice to the Forest, there- being so many young Trees, not of sufficient Bigness to be useful to the Navy, which would be well grown up by the End of the Time proposed for felling the others, that the Forest would be then at lead as well stored with useful Timber as it was at the Time of this Survey. They reported also, that thiere was a considerable Number or large Beech Trees, of which !ioo might be Annually spared, and a great Number of old Oaks, from the Limbs of which might be picked very useful Parts, as Knees, Standards, &c. though the Bodies might be decayed; and they proposed, that 50 of these should be every Year cut down for Naval Use;" and we find that in consequence of this Report a Warrant was issued in 1707, directing that 300 Oak Timber Tree;, and 50 old Oaks, with 100 Beech Trees, Should be felled Annually for 40 Years from that Time.

The Third Survey was taken in 1764, by Order of ®y the :r*

the Treasury, when Sir Edmund Thomas was Surveyor *7*'

General; and the Number of Oak Trees fit for the pp*n ,x,‘ Navy was then found to be 19,836, containing 36,662 Loads, the Trees meting at (or containing on an Average) 92 Feet each, and 1743 dotard or defective Oaks, estimated at 3,835 Loads.

The last Survey was that taken in 1783, under the B the Survey in Direction of Mr. John Pitt, the late Surveyor General, ,7*1-by Order of the House of Commons; when it ap* ppen ,x’ 3+*

peared that there were in the Forest 13,043 Oak Trees of 50 Feet and upwards, containing in- the Whole 20,830 Loads, the Average Meting- of the Trees of that Description being 79 Feet each.

The Surveys in 1608 and 1707 give only the Num- Comparative Sute-ber of the Timber Trees, without stating the Quantity "'"toftheFourSur-contained in them; but as the Commission and Instructions for making the first-mentioned Survey directed that none but great Trees should be included in it, and an Observation subjoined to the Survey itself states that the Trees were old, and had flood too long, we think ourfelveS well warranted in supposing them to be, one with another, at lead as large as the Class of Trees of One Load and upwards, in the Survey of 1783, or about 79 Feet each on an Average*

In the Survey of 1707, which comprised not only the Trees then fit for felling, but also such as might be cut in the Course of the next 40 Years, it is probable that many were included of less Size than in that Class of the Survey of 1783: We shall however compute them at that Average Size in giving the following comparative Statement of the Four Surveys, in order to avdid any Appearance of drawing a more favourable Picture of the Forest at the Period of the oldest Survey, than we are authorized to do*

Date bf Survey 1 Number of Trees. Number of Loads. Total Loads*

Loads. Loads.

1608. Timber fit for the Navy — — 123,927 197,405 7

Dotard and decayed Trees, containing Number not mentioned. 118,072 > 3*$>477

1707. j Timber fit for the Navy — 12,476 19,873 *9*873

Dotard Trees not Hated — —

1764. Timber fit for the Navy — — 19,836 36,662 J 40*497

Defective Oaks — — — *>743 3>»35

*7»3- Timber fit for the Navy — Defective Oaks — — - *2,447 596 *9>827 1,003 J 20,830

We have deemed it of more Consequence to insert many Objections, on Account of their Severity, and in this Report an Account of the Survey of 1608, Difficulties in the Management, no Doubt, arose from because it (hews, not from Plans of projected Im- the Division of Power between the Exchequer and the provement (to which, however solid, little Faith is Justice in Eyre, yet there were Circumstances in which given) but from Documents well authenticated, of the System then prevailing was far better calculated what great Value this Forest once was, when proper for the Protection of the Forests than that which has Care was taken of it, and to what Value it might succeeded it; for at that Time every Offence com-again be raised by similar Attention to its Manage- mitted in a Forest, every Injury done to the Timber or ment and Protection. other Property of the Crown, was presented at and

The immense Quantity of 315,477 Loads of Tim- tried in the Courts of the Forest: The Officers, by ber in One Forest was owing to the Concurrence of meeting and acting together in those Courts, were various Causes. The landed Property of the CroWn Checks on the Conduct of each other; and by keeping being at that Time the chief Fund at the Disposal of Records of their Proceedings, some Uniformity Was Government, great Attention was given to it by Mi- preserved in the Plan of Management: Perhaps too nifters; and though the Forest Laws were liable to Timber was more common, and the Demand being

less.

Cire of the Foicft

continued till the I; oul>lr< bc^an, Temp. Car. 1.

Attention to the Fort ft renewed after the Keftoration j

The Aid of Parliament found necessary for rciloring it.

Act of 9 and io \V'» III.

If duly carried into Execution, 14,000 Acie* might haveheen inclosed and planted.

23d SeptemT.'

10th Wn* III. 169S.

in the Exchequer.

1,02 2 Acres inclosed in 1700; and for some Tune well taken Care of.

less, the Inducements to Depredation were consequently not io strong as at subsequent Periods, when Timber became more valuable.

Having given lb convincing a Proof of the Effect of the Attention bellowed on the Forests at the Time we have mentioned, we shall only briefly add, that the same Care appears to have been continued, until' the Cornells began between Charles the III. and his Parliament; during the Continuance of which, the Trees in almoll every one of the Royal Forests were, by the one Party or the other, disposed of or de-. stroyed.

Soon after the Restoration, the Attention of Government was again drawn to the Forests, by the Writings of Mr. Evelyn, published in 1664, and the zealous

Suggestions of Sir Charles H Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, under whose prudent Management, and that of his Son, Mr. , the

landed Property of the Crown was placed during the greatest Part of the Remainder of that Century. Various Reports of theirs, and Commissions to enquire into the State and Condition of this Forest, which are . preserved in the public Offices, evince the Attention then bellowed on it; but though, by Means of that Attention, the Abuses in the Forest received some Check, yet as the greatest Part of the Trees had been felled, the Fences of the ancient Coppices destroyed, and the Deer and Cattle every where admitted, it was found impossible to restore the Forest to its former Condition without the Aid of Parliament.

The Act of 9th and 10th William III. was accordingly obtained, and- if the Powers vested in the Crown for the Improvement of the Forest had been duly exercised, if the full Quantity of 6,000 Acres had been inclosed, and the inclosures successively thrown open when the Trees were at Twenty Years Growth, or pad Danger from Cattle, it is obvious, that as the Act passed Ninety Years ago, Four Times that Quantity would before this Time have been inclosed, and 24,060 Acres of Land, formerly bare, might now have been covered with Trees of all Ages, from Ninety Years downwards, in Addition to the former Woodlands in the Forest; but unfortunately, in a very few Years after passing that Act, the Care formerly bellowed on the Forests was discontinued, the Superintendance or Co-operation of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands in the Management of the Forests, ceased, and the Whole fell by Degrees under the lole Direction of a Surveyor General of the Woods,- a single Officer under no effectual Check or Controul, receiving no Official Books or Records of Proceedings from his Predecessors, nor obliged to leave any to those whofucceed him, so that no regular System of Management can be expected or practised; but, as we observed in our Report on Dean each new Surveyor begins without Direction or Precedent, and adopts such new Plan as suits his Fancy or Convenience.

The Account therefore of what has been really done under that Act, may be given in a very few Words: As soon as it was passed, a Commission was issued for setting out the Inclosures first appointed to, be made, and 1,022 Acres were, in the Year following, inclosed and properly planted. For some Time afterwards those Inclosures were well taken Care of by Mr. IVilcox,who was at that Time Surveyor General

of the Forests, and continued in that Office till 171 3; and Care appears likewise to have been taken by him to promote the Growth of young Timber ir> other Parts of the Forest, by excluding the Swine, in Consequence of the very lalutary Provision in that Act, for lufpending the F.xcrcife of the Right of Pannage; and the good FjTeft of this is obvious in very-many Parts of the Forclt which were not inclosed, where Trees are now growing up in great Numbers, apparently of the same Age with those in the Grounds inclosed at that Time.

But this Attention soon ceased, and the farther Execution of the Plan of Inclosure laid down in the Act appears to have been loft Sight of altogether; so that during the Fifty Years which next succeeded, though we meet with some Enquiries into the State of the Forest, mutual Accusations between Surveyors General, Woodwards, and other Officers, Reports of Abuses, and very judicious Plans for preventing them, yet nothing whatever.appears to have been done for the Improvement or Protection of the Forest. The Suggestions of the Country Gentlemen-who held Offices v in the Forest, appear rather to- have been; dif-. couraged than approved of by the Ministers at the Time; the Trees in the Inclosures first made were suffered to grow up as close together as they were planted, and not one new Inclosure toa$ made or at- ' tempted till 1751, when Mr. Surveyor Ge-

neral of the Woods, in Consequence of a Memorial of his to the Treasury, was empowered to make a far-, ther Inclosure, to the Amount of 300 Acres. - -

But here began a Struggle between the Two Branches of the Forest Government, which shewed the bad E(lefts of the Divifum I before-mentioned.

The Duke of Bedford,who was then Lord Warden, and appears to have taken great Pains to check every Abuse in the Forest, having in that Year preferred a Complaint to the Treasury again!! the Deputy Surveyor and other Officers, and being informed, while that Matter was depending, of the Warrant issued by the Treasury for making the Inclosures proposed by Mr. Philipfon, wrote again to that Board, in 1752,

objecting to the entrusting the making of those Inclosures to the very Officers against whose Conduct he had complained; and by his Direction, as Lord Warden, the Steward of the Forest Courts postponed the enrolling of the Warrant in the Forest Books. For some Time the Officers were protested: The Lords of the Treasury confirmed their former Order, and the Inclosures were made. The Charges preferred by the Duke of Bedford were kowever fully proved, and the Deputy Surveyor was difmiflfcd. In 1756 Mr. Philipfon died; and' so entirely was the Cultivation of young Timber in those Inclosures afterwards neglected, that the Duke of ,in a Letter dated

29th September 1768, fays, " that though they had " been perfectly well and very expensively fenced off, cc for above 13 Years, there was not the lead Appearance of Timber coming up; nor could he " fee One single Oak in the Compass of several " Hundred Acres:" The Duke therefore proposed to plow the Ground, to take One Crop of Oats, and then to fow the Acorns; by Means of which Preparation he expected that the bed Effects might be produced. This Propolal was opposed by the next Surveyor General, who complained that the Duke was interfering in the Business of his Department. In this Instance, however, the Duke prevailed, and he was requested by the Lords of the Treasury to carry his Plan into Execution.

At the same Time the Surveyor General proposed the making a farther Inclosure of 1,000 Acres. This was objected to, in the strongest Terms, by the Duke of Bedford, who represented that such Works carried on

in the Department of the Surveyor General had always been the Source of Waste and Abuse, tending indeed to the Emolument of the Officers employed, but to the Destruction.of the Forest: Here, however, the Duke’s Opposition was ineffectual; — the Proposal of the Surveyor General was agreed to by the Treasury, and the Inclosures were made. Soon after this the Duke of Bedford died; and the Fate of the Plans which he had with so much Pains formed for the Improvement of the Forest, was very different from what he had

expected:

No farther Inclosurtl in the next 50 Yean,

See Appendix, N* £% and *9.

06 Acres inclosed in 1751.

Cohteft between the Duke of Bedford, Lord Warden,and Survtyor ♦General.

Complaint agiinft thtt Deputy Surveyor.

Deputy Surveyor dismissed.

The new Inclosures wholly neglected. Appendix, N*sj.

Duke of Bedford proposes toplant them)

opposed by the Sur* veyor General, who complains of the Dults's Interference in his Department;

but approved by the Treasury.

A farther Inclosure of 1,000 Acres proposed by the Surveyor Generalj

objected to by the Duke of Bedford, u the Source of and Abuie j

but agreed to by the Treasury.

The Duke dying, the Inclosures plowed by his Direction not planted, though A* corns were provided.

i,oooo Acret more inclosed, making 3,300 in all, since the Act of W* III.

State of the Inclosures;

Three of them now Rabhit Warrens for the Under Keepers.

Appendix, N° 35.

Surveyor General’s Plan for destroying the Rabbits $

opposed and defeated by the Keepers.

Remarks on the Surveys of the Timber in 1707, 1764, and 1783.

29 Geo. III. 240 1565

expected: The Ground within the Inclosures made by Mr. Pbiiipfon,which had been plowed and prepared for

planting under the Duke’s Direction, was afterwards entirely neglected; the Acorns which were provided for that Purpose were never sown; and Three Fourth Parts of those Inclosures now remain a Waste, without Timber or Wood of any Kind.

Jn the Year 1775, mother Warrant was issued by the Advice of Mr. Pitt/ late Surveyor General, for inclosing 1,000 Acres more, making in all about 3,300 Acres, and thele are all the Inclosures which have been made for the Growth of Timber in the Forest ftnee the Act of Parliament was passed.

Of those Inclosures, Three which were made in Wilverleyand RhinefieldWalks, containing 836 Acres,

are now, as we before observed, so over-run with Rabbits, that there are no young Trees whatever in Two of them, and only a very few in the Third j and the remaining Inclosures are very far from being in a proper Condition: The Account given of the State of each by our Surveyors, is inierted in the Appendix.

In examining into the Cause of the wafted Condition of the Three Inclosures above-mentioned, we discovered another very striking Example of the Effects of this divided Government of the Forests: The late Surveyor General, Mr. Pitt, finding the Rabbits very destructive, and the Breed encouraged by the Keepers, brought a Number of Men from DorJ'etshire to extirpate them, which they engaged to do for the Profit of the Rabbits only. But the Keepers, fearing the Loss of that Part of their Emoluments, gave all the Opposition they could to the Execution of the Measure, and at length formed7a Plan for defeating it: They complained to the Master Keepers that the Surveyor General was interfering in the Business of their Walks, and employing Strangers in a Work which they were willing to perform themselves, on the same Terms; and a Fawn having one Night been caught in a Trap, they accused the Rabbit Killers of that Offence, prevailed on the Master Keepers to interfere, and got the Men discharged; and after continuing the Plan of destroying the Rabbits as long as they found it profitable, they applied to the Surveyor General for a Compensation for the Advantages they Should lose if the Rabbits Should all be destroyed; and no such Compensation being given, they proceeded no farther in the Attempt to destroy them, but encouraged the Breed as before, and they are now as numerous and as destructive to the Forest as they ever were.

We have not interrupted the Account of what has been done in consequence of the Act of 9th and 10th William III. with any particular Remarks on the Surveys of 1707, 1764, and 1783; but it will be found that they tend to confirm the general Representation which we have given of the opposite Effects of the Attention, and the Neglect of those who had the Management of the Forest at different Periods. The small Number of Trees of a Size fit for the Navy in 1707, or that could be cut in 40 Years, containing not more than One Fifteenth Part of what was growing in 1608, proves the Account given of the Devaluation during the Civil Wars: The Survey in 1764, which contains Twice as much as that in 1707, lbews plainly the Effect of the Care which was taken of the Forest, at the Suggestion of Sir Charles Harbord and Mr. Evelyn, and during the Remainder of the last Century; and the Decrease in the Quantity found by the Survey in 1783 is chiefly to be attributed to the Addition to the Annual Fall proposed by the Duke of Bedford, the Practice of cutting the great Oak Trees for Fuel, and to that want of Care which took Place soon after passing the Act of William III. and which has prevailed aimofl: ever since.

We shall conclude this Part of bur Report with Vox.. XLIV.

stating briefly what has been the Income or Produce of this Forest, and the Expences of Management, since the Commencement of His Majesty’s Reign.

It appears by the Abstracts of the Accounts inserted in the Appendix, that she Quantity of Timber delivered for the Use of the Navy, frorri 1761 to 1786, both inclusive, is 23,000 Loads of Oak, and 7,003 Loads of Beech, the Average Yearly Quantity of the Oak being about 885 Loads, and of Beech about 270 Loads. The Price of that Timber, in Navy Bills issued to the Lord Warden, Surveyor General, and Woodward, together with the Produce of the Lops, TopsJ and Bark, and other Woodfales in the Forest (according to the best Account we have been able to make up from the Materials we have been furnished with) amount to the Sum of ,£.87,952. 13 s.id, or £.3,382. 15 $d. per Annum,

on an Average, during that Period, exclusive'of the ValOe of Tops, Bark, Cast Timber, and Offal Wood, fold under the Orders of the Duke of Bedford in 1769 and 1770, and by Sir Paiilet St. John from 1771 to 1780, of which we have no Account.

By the same Accounts it appears that £. 59,662.

10s.5 Id. Part of that Gross Produce, togecher with the Sum of £. 1,877. 2S-drawn from the demised Land Revenue, making together £.61,539. 12J. 5 has been expended in Payments relating solely to this Forest; and as the Sum.laid out on Inclosures for the Growth of Timber, being the only Article of that Expenditure that could contribute to the Improvement of the Forest, is no more than £.3,329. 17 7

the remaining Sum of £.58,209. 14J. 10 which appears to have been disposed of in building and repairing Lodges, paying Salaries, Fees, and Poundages to Officers, and other similar Charges, may all be placed to the Account of Ordinary Expences of Management of the Forest, being, one Year with another, £.2,238. 16 j. 8 d.per Annum, besides about £.1,164. 7*. per Annum of Perquisites to the Keepers, arising chiefly from Deer, Sale of Browse-wood. Rabbits, and keeping of Swine, all drawn from the Forest, and by Means more destructive to it than the felling of so much Timber as would be sufficient to raise that Sum; fb that the actual Expence of Management is, one Year with another, not less than £.3,400 per Annum.

The above-mentioned Sum of £.61,539. 12 5

(with the Discount and Brokerage on the Sale of the Navy Bills) being deducted from the Gross Produce of £.87,952. 13J. id. leaves a Sum of £.26,4x3. — 7 applicable to other Uses, or, one Year with another, about £. 1,015. l7s’ per as the clear Revenue arising from this Forest, on the Average of 26 Years: But that Sum is not to be considered as having been paid into the Exchequer; it appearing from the Documents given with our Third Report that the Repairs and Works in the several Forests and Parks, from 1761 to 1786, exhausted all that arofc from them in that Period, and £. 144,882 more, drawn from the demised Estates of the Crown.

The only Article of Produce from this Forest, besides that Average Yearly Income of £.1,015. 17 8

per Annum, is the Deer: From the Information of the Keepers it appears, that the Number killed Annually is about 76 Brace of Bucks, and about 17 Brace of Does; the greater Number of these are Fee Deer, supplied to the different Forest Officers, and Deer given to the Proprietors of neighbouring Estates by Way of Composition for the Damage sustained by them, and for abstaining from the Exercise of the Right of killing the Deer when trespalfing on their Property. -Eight Brace only of Bucks and One Brace of Does (by the Information of the Lord Warden’s Deputy) are Annually supplied to His Majesty’s Larder; and 15 Brace of Bucks are returned to the

7 E Orders

Produce of tb relt since 1761.

Appendix, N 37i 39* 4<3

4*» 43-

Appendix, N0

£.87,952. h. £.3,382. 15.

Expences of nagement. t.

'£ s<),6Ci. 10.

£ 1,877. i. £6i,539. »*

£.,319. 17. £.58,109. 14.

£.1,138. 16. £* «»«64* 7-

£.3,400. —

Net Annual Inc< £.61,539. 12.

£.87,95* 13*

£.16,413. — £.1,015. 17.

£ I44»S8z. — "

Deer. *. £. *>015. 17*

Number killed iuulJy 5

Number fuprl His Majesty’s &c.

5 56

24° y

A. 1789:

aofr of Failure of m* for the ivement of the Fo-

L

Iterations ftiEgeft-

for coir^. 'ing the ihnp Abuses, ard gloving tnc hwcli.

Vopose-d Settlement h the Fucholder s;

rh the Copyhold-

Orders of the Clerk of the Venison Warrants, for the Use of the Public Offices, and others who have been accustomed to have Venison from the Forests.

Having now Hated every Thing that we deem necessary, relative to the History and Management of the New Forest, to enable the Legislature to judge of the Grounds on which the Alterations we shall venture to suggest are founded, we shall only here remark, that among the Papers and Documents which we have perused, relative to this Forest, we have found, in almost every Reign, very judicious Plans formed for its Improvement, and for correcting the Abuses in it; but they have all failed from One Cause — the Execution has been left to Officers whose Interest it was to counteract them; nor have we any Expectation that the Plan which we shall think it our Duty to propose will be attended with better Success, until that radical Error in the present System of Management shall be corrected.

th those who have a dr (ncroachments 1 1 he For eft }

»r settling disputed juundauct1

We shall now proceed to suggest such Alterations as appear to us to be necessary, in order to remedy the Abuses we have described, and render this Forest a great Nursery and Magazine of Timber for the Navy. With this View we would humbly propose, that an Act of Parliament Should pass, for appointing Commissioners, or enabling His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, to treat and agree with the Freeholders who pay or ought to pay any Small Rents to the Crown, in Money, under the Names before mentioned, of Month Money, Hocktide Money, Leaze Fee Money, and Turf Delf Money; or in Corn, Fowls, Eggs, or other Payments in Kind, for the Sale of such Rents and Payments; and also to treat with those who have Lands within or subject to the Regard of the Forest, for the Disafforeftation thereof, and for the Sale to them of such small Parcels of Land, and such Lanes or Roads belonging to the Forest, as lie intermixed with or pass through their Estates, for a reasonable Price or Composition; empowering the Commissioners also to treat and agree with the Freeholders for the Price to be paid by the Public, as a Compensation for such Rights of Common of Pasture, Turbary, or Eftovers, as they have in the Forest, and are willing to fell, setting off the Rights. of the Crown over their Estates, as far as their Value will go, against the Rights which they enjoy in the Forest.

andly. That the same Commissioners should also be empowered to treat and agree with the Tenants of the Copyhold Estates for the Enfranchisement and Disafforeftation of those Possessions, on Condition that they Should fell to the Crown their Rights of Common of Pasture, Fuel Wood, or Repair Timber, and every Claim that they have on the Forest, or such Part or Proportion of them as may be equal in Value to what the Commissioners fell to them.

3rdly, That where any Incroachments appear to have been made on the Forest by the Proprietors of neighbouring Estates, the Commissioners Should be empowered to reclaim them, and to restore to the Forest such of them as may interfere with any Plan for the Increase of the Wood and Timber, and to fell any other of those Incroachments on reasonable Terms to the Persons in Possession, on Condition that they fell to the Crown such Claims as they may have on the Forest in Right of their Estates, or such Proportion thereof as may be equal in Value to what may be sold to them.

4thly, That where there is any Part of the Boundary of the Forest disputed or doubtful, the Commissioners Should be empowered to treat and agree with the Proprietors of the Lands adjoining to such disputed Part, and to settle and ascertain what shall ever after be held to be the Boundary of the Forest.

And in case the Commissioners, in treating with all or any of the Parties for the Sale, Purchase, or Settlement proposed, Should not agree with them, either as to the Price.or proper Boundary, they Should be empowered to refer such Difference to Arbitrators, to be chosen by the Commissioners and the Claimants, or to a Jury of Freeholders not interested in the Forest.

5thly, That the Commissioners shall be empowered to treat and agree with such Persons as may be appointed, by a Majority in Number and Value, of the Freeholders and others having Right of Common of Pasture and Pannage in the Poreft, as to the Proportion of the 57,845 Acres of Forest Land (being the whole Quantity of the open Forest, after deducting the 6,000 Acres which the Crown is entitled by the Act 9th and 10th William III. to have constantly inclosed) that Should be left open during the whole Year to their Cattle and Swine, as a competent Satisfaction for the Interest or Share that they have a Right to enjoy of the Pannage and Pasture of the said

57.845 Acres for a Part of the Year, in common with the King’s Deer, and what Proportion of the said 57,845 Acres Should be set apart as a competent Satisfaction to the Crown, or to the Public, for the Share which the Crown is entitled to of the said

57.845 Acres, in Consequence of the Right to keep any Number of Deer, without Limitation, in that Part of the Forest during the whole Year; and, those Proportions being ascertained, that the Deer Should be fold or removed to any other Forest or Park belonging to His Majesty, or disposed of as His Majesty may be pleased to direct.

6thly, And that the same Commissioners should be empowered to direct the Proportion so ascertained to be inclosed, in Addition to the 6,000 Acres before mentioned, and on the same Conditions of throwing open any Part of the Inclosures, when the Trees within the same are part Danger of being hurt by Cattle, and inclosing, in lieu thereof, an equal Quantity out of the open Part of the said 57,845 Acres; and those new Inclosures to be under the same Conditions, and to go on in constant Rotation, in the Manner directed by the Act of 9th and 10th William III. with respect to the Lands thereby authorized to be inclosed.

But as it is of great Importance to the Public that Measures should be speedily adopted for the Improvement of this valuable Forest, in order to provide against the Danger to this Country from the alarming Decrease of Naval Timber; and as the Division and Adjustment proposed could not materially affect or injure the Interest or Property of any Individual, we would humbly propose, that if those having Rights of Common of Pasture or Pannage shall neglect or decline to appoint Persons to treat with the Commissioners for the Purposes before mentioned, within Six Months after passing the proposed Act, the Commissioners shall in that same give Notice thereof to the Sheriff of the County of Southampton, who shall, upon receiving such Notice, call a General Meeting of the Freeholders of the County, who shall be empowered to appoint fit Persons to treat and agree with the Commissioners appointed by Parliament, and in Conjunction with them to settle and ascertain the Quantity of Land which should be set apart to be inclosed as a Nursery for Timber, in Consideration of giving up the Deer; and if the Commissioners and those Persons should not agree upon the Quantity which should be so set apart to be inclosed, that they should in that same be empowered to name as Arbitrators Men not interested in the Forest, to whom such Difference shall be referred, and whose Decision shall be final.

And in case the Freeholders of the County shall also neglect to meet, or decline at such Meeting to 9 appoint

for ascertaining what Part of the Forest shall remain open for the Commoners;

Acre*. rr viz. 63,845 £f''P‘

Deduff 6,000

155*-

Remains 57*84-5 Acres}

and what Part be allotted to the Ci own in lieu of the Deer.

Such Allotments to be inclosed for the Cultivation of Timber.

Necessity of a speedy Improvement of the Forest, and Mode proposed for effecting it.

2 40 JuliL

appoint Persons to act for those having Rights of Common in the Manner proposed, the Commissioners shall, in that Cafe, be empowered themselves to proceed in the Business; and with that View shall have Power to call before them, and examine upon Oath, such Witnesses as they shall think necessary, in order to enable them to judge of and determine the Proportion of the said 57,845 Acres which, in Consequence of removing the Deer, His Majesty shall be empowered to inclose, in Addition to the 6,000 Acres mentioned in the Act of William III. and under the same Conditions.

Reason«Tor propos- In our Report on the Forest of Dean, we recoming a different Mode mended that a complete Division and Separation of whitRights should take Place; that those heving Right of suggested for Dean Fo- Common should have a competent Proportion of the ,eft* Forest allotted to them for Cultivation, as an Equiva-

lent for their Rights of Failure and Pannage, which are the only Common Rights in that Forest; and that the rest of the Forest should be the entire Property of the Crown: And such a complete Division and

Separation of Rights i9 undoubtedly desirable, in every Forest in which it can be effected with the Concurrence of those having Right of Common, and without forfeiting some great Advantage to the Public in order to obtain it.

But in the New Forest we do not think it would be adviseable to attempt so complete a Separation and Division: Besides the Right of Pasture and Pannage, the neighbouring Inhabitants have, by the Act of William III. their antient Right of Fuel preserved to them, which we have Reason to believe many of them would be unwilling to part with for any re^sonable Price; and from an attentive personal View of the Forest, we are of Opinion that it would be found difficult to make such a Division as would admit of convenient and satisfactory Allotments of Land to the Claimants, for the Purpose of Cultivation, in lieu of their Common Rights, and would not, at the same Time, be disadvantageous to the Public.

There is a great Variety of different Kinds of Soil in this Forest; some Parts of it are extremely valuable, and others are hardly fit for Cultivation: The Allotment naturally to be desired by any Claimant, would be of the Land adjacent to his own; but that may either be Woodland, which ought to be kept as a Nursery for Timber, or Ground not worth the Expence of Improvement; to give more distant Allotments could not be so convenient for the Claimants, and would mangle the Forest, and increase the Number of Roads, as well as the Expence of Inclosure. And if separate Allotments were given to the Claimants, and made' entire Property, Houses, and perhaps Villages, might be built upon them, depriving this Forest of its best Security, which has arisen from its being of great Extent and thinly inhabited.

We therefore give it as our- Opinion, that if the neighbouring Inhabitants will part with their Claims on the Forest at a fair Price, it is for the Interest of the Public to purchase them, so as to free the Forest from any Mixture of Rights whatever, without lessening the Extent of the' Forest Land; but if they will not part with those Claims, we think that no farther Separation of the Rights should be attempted than what we have now proposed.

Alterations affect- In every same in which it may be necessary for the ing private Property, general Good that Government should interpose its the'owne«° wot'to be Authority, so as to affect the Property of Individuals carried farther than without their Consent, the Alteration should be Salety re* carried no farther than the Public Interest or Safety , U,re*’ ‘ requires, and a full Equivalent should unquestionably

be given: We have not loft Sight of this Principle in the Adjustment we have proposed; and we have "the Satisfaction to believe that without making any greater Change in the Property of the Parties interested, the Public Object would in a great Measure Advantages from be obtained, and every Claimant would find some the ProP°led Scuie-Accommodation or Advantage. me"

The adjacent Freeholders, who pay small Rents in tothcPrwhoUcni Money and in Kind to the Crown, will exonerate their Estates, and be freed from the troublesome Demands which they occasion, as well as from the Detriment to their Crops by the Trespass of the Deer, which no common Inclosure can prevent; and their Commonable Cattle will have a clear, full, unmixed, and uninterrupted Use of the Pasture in the Part kept open for them, during the whole Year, instead of their present Right to a Share of the Pasture for less than Six Months, in common with the Deer; a Right which, if the Officers of the Forest had been attentive to their Duty, would have been of little Value to the Proprietors, as all the Cattle would in that same have been driven out of the Forest during the Fence Month, and Time of Winter Haining.

The Copyhold Tenants, whole Lands are of any to the Copyholders; considerable Extent, will receive still more Advantage or Accommodation from the Settlement proposed. The Tenure by which they at present hold has many disagreeable Circumstances attending it; and though they have: hitherto been treated with great Moderation, they may not always find a superior Lord ‘ in every Way so indulgent, or' inclined to forego so considerable a Part of his just Advantages, as seems at present to be allowed to the Tenants in the Management of that Property. Besides computing the Fines at the full Value of the Lands on Renewals of their Estates, and taking Heriots ftriilly where they are due, the Trees on the Copyhold Lands are the Property of the Crown; and those which add the mo(t to the Beauty of an Estate are liable to be cue down, at the Will of the Forest Officers. These are Powers which mult be disagreeable to a Tenant, which tend to prevent the Property from being brought to its highest Value, and which, therefore, it is for the Public Interest that the Crown should part with at a fair Price.

Those who are entitled to Fuel Wood from the *0 those entitled to Forest willalfo derive a great Advantage from its Im- Fuel Wo<,dj provement. The Quantity at present assigned for Fuel is upwards of 800 Loads Annually. This is such a Demand as, according to the best Information we have obtained, the Forest cannot, under the present Managenhent, long supply, even if the best Beech Trees should be allowed for Fuel, and no more taken than is actually assigned. The Right to Fuel Wood must therefore soon become of little Value to the Claimants, unless an Improvement of the Forest shall . take Place.

And the Public, by this general Arrangement, and to the Pnbiicj would obtain an extensive and valuable Addition to the Nursery for Timber, which in this Forest is of far more Value than in any other belonging to the Crown, owing to its being situated so near to the Dock Yard at Portsmouth, that the whole Expence of Carriage by Land and Water, together with the Expence of felling and 'squaring, is no more than 15 s. 1 \d.per Load, being little more than One Fourth Append!*, N°4j.

Part of what those Expences amount to on the Timber of Dean Forest, and less than that Proportion of those Expences in other Forests, as we learn from the Information communicated to us by the Navy Board.

The Number of Acres which the Crown may be Land* set apart for empowered to inclose being thus ascertained, the ll0W to *"*

Situation of the Inclosures, and the Kind of Fence, should all be determined by the same Commissioners, who should also enter into- open Contrails for fencing and planting the First Inclosures, which will not only serve as Examples for others, but be a Check as to the Expence on the Office to which the Execution of such Works may afterwards be committed.

By

S68

i4* Julii.

A1 1789.

Alteration! in the ^irfient Sy item of Ma-nagrintnt.

peculations Anted to the Management of private Property,

jnsufficient for that of the Public.

The Abuses in New Fo 1 til ot Three Kinds.

Those arising from it* divided Government:

from the mixed Rights of the Inhabitants)

from the Mode of taking Fuel Wood)

from Depredation* of Cattagcji, &c.

By the Arrangement we have proposed, the FordV would be put into a State in which it might, under proper Management, supply a very great Quantity of Timber for the Navy; but the greatest Difficulty remains; and we proceed with the utmost Diffidenct to that Part of our Duty which requires that we Should point out what Changes Should be made in the present System of executive Management, and what new Regulations Should be adopted, in order to put a Stop to and prevent the Return of those Abuses which at present waste the Forests, and render them of little Value to the Public.

The same Regulations which answer very well in private Property, where, under the watchful Management of the Owner, though casual Injuries cannot be prevented, yet no Habit of Depredation is suffered to prevail, will not be sufficient to secure the Forests; for though every Kind of Offence or Intrusion has, at different Times, been punished, yet there has been for many Years such Supineness in the general Management, and such Waste and Depredation committed by the resident Officers, that the neighbouring Inhabitants have been naturally led to partake in the Spoil, and hardly to think it a Crime to take what no one seemed anxious to protect: To counteract Habits which are so general, and to guard against Offences which Men have been accustomed to commit from their Infancy, is no easy Matter, and will require more Checks to be established, particularly where any Mixture of Rights whatever remains, than can be necessary in the Management of private Property.

On considering the Account we have given of the different Sources of Waste and Destruction in this Forest, it will be found that they consist of Three different Kinds: ,

1 ft. Those which arise from the Divijum,

which we have before described; from' the improper' Mode of paying the Officers, and the Advantages they are allowed to take, of a Kind destrudbive to the Forest; and from the keeping of Deer: All of these it is in the Power of the Crown to put an End to, by giving up the Deer, and substituting such a System of Management and Mode of Payment as we shall propose.

2ndly. The Second Class of Abuses are those which are a natural Consequence of the Rights possessed by the neighbouring Inhabitants, such as the Admission of more Cattle than Should be received into the Forest, and at prohibited Seasons; Horses of a Size under that mentioned in the Statute of 32d VIII.; Swine after Pannage Time, and Sheep belonging to Persons who have no Right to fend them; and the cutting of Heath, Fern, Furze, Turf, and Peat in improper' Places: All these will be avoided in the Inclosures which we have proposed, and any material Injury to the rest of the Forest may be checked by the Laws now in being.

Another Abuse of this Class arises from the present Mode of taking and disposing of Fuel Wood, described in the former Part of this Report; to remedy which it appears to us to be absolutely necessary to prevent the cutting of any Tree or Branch in the Forest by any Person whatever, except under the immediate Direction and in the Presence of the Forest Officers, or the loading of any Cart or Carriage with Wood of any Kind, without the View of the Keeper, and a written Order of such other Officer as may be entrusted with the issuing of such Orders, of which he should keep a regular Account: And we also think it necessary, that the Wood for Fuel Should be cut down and corded under the Direction of the Forest Officers, so as that it may not be used for any other Purpose than Fuel.

rclly. The Abuses of the Third Class are, the Offences and Depredations committed by the Inhabitants, chiefly of the adjacent Villages, and of the

Cottages built on the Forest, in the Sealing or lopping of Trees, setting Fire to the Heath, Fern, or Furze, and delbroying the Fences.

That the Officers may be encouraged to discover and prosecute such Offenders, and not, as at present, deterred by the Expence attending it, we would humbly propose that they Should be re-paid all reasonable Charges of Prosecution, and be allowed, in all Cases, the Whole of the Fine imposed on the Offenders; and the setting Fire to the Heath, Fern, and Furze of the Forest, which may be attended with the most destructive Consequences, Should be made Felony.

In regard to the Cottages built on the Forest, and the small Incroachments made by the Cottagers, which appear by the Plan to be very numerous, the Commissioners Should have discretionary Powers, fi-milar to what we proposed in our Report on the Forest of Dean, for re-claiming those Incroachments, or for shewing Indulgence to Possessors under particular Circumstances. So long as the Cottagers remain in the Forest without committing Depredations, their Cottages do little Harm; but it would tend much to the Preservation of the Forest, if the cutting, Healing, or lopping any Tree, by Day or Night, Should, if committed by the Possessor of any such Incroachment be punished by turning the Offender out of Possession of the Cottage or Land so held by the Indulgence of the Crown; and it cannot be thought hard, that such Persons Should be removed for the Commission of new Offences, after the Indulgence of allowing them to live on their usurped Possessions.

We shall now suggest such Alterations in the Management of this Forest, as appear to us to be necess fary, for preventing the destructive Effects arising from its divided Government, and from the improper Mode of paying the Officers.

The resident Officers, who have the Wood, Timber, and Inclosures, under their Care, and over whom the Surveyor General has at present no Authority or Controul, Should be put under the Direction of that Officer, or of whatever Office shall have the general Management of the Forests.

No Officer Should be permitted to receive any Fee, Perquisite, or Gratuity of any Kind, nor to have any Advantage whatever from the Execution of any Work to be done in the Forest, nor to keep Cattle or Swine, except, for the Use of his Family, under particular Limitation, and none whatever in any Inclosure for the Growth of Timber. The Rabbits should be extirpated; and as it is proposed to remove the Deer, no Pretence will remain for the cutting of Browse-wood, which is a Source of the greatest Mischief to the Forest: And in lieu of all the Fees, Perquifices, and Emoluments at present received, each Officer Should have an adequate Salary, with a House, and an Inclosure not exceeding 8 or 10 Acres of Land.

There are 15 Walks in the Forest, in every one of which we think there Should be One Wood Bailiff: Some of the Walks will be much more difficult to protect than others; and as the Duty will, on that Account, be more laborious, the Salaries Should vary proportionably. Besides the Wood Bailiffs, Assistants will be required, as Watchmen to guard the Woods and Inclosures, in those Walks which have the greatest Extent of Woodlands in them, and are situated nearest to the Villages and Cottages round the Forest. Of these Watchmen, we conceive about Eighteen or Twenty maybe found necessary: They Should be chosen from among the most honest, active, and industrious of the Labourers, who will be employed in the various Works to be done in the Fofeft; and all that we think it necessary to allow them, in Addition to what they will earn by their Labour, is a Cottage, and a Garden of about Half an Acre, in the Neighbourhood of the Woods they are to guard; and a small Salary, perhaps not exceeding Live Pounds a

Year

Officer! Should U encouraged to prolecuie Offender*.

Proposed Arrange, ment respecting Cottages and small la-croichments.

Regulation* respeS-ing the Officers of (he Forest.

That Fees and Per. quifites Should be abo-liffied $

and an adequate Su lary substituicd.

Number of Officers deemed necessary. Wood Bailiffs.

Watchmen.

ap Geo. III. 24° 569

Year each. The Fines and 'Rewards on Conviction As the dripping of Oak. Trees (landing, and al-of Offenders, and the Hopes of recommending the m- lowing them to remain without the Bark Two or selves to be appointed Bailiff's, as Vacancies, happen. Three Years before cutting them down, has been will probably be sufficient Incitements-to Vigilance found, on many Trials, to add greatly to the Weight, and Exertion. , Strength, and Durability of the Timber, we are in-

Prindpal officers. Besides the Wood Bailiffs and Watchmen, we would clined to recommend that Practice; nor are any of propose that there Should be Two superior Officers in the Regulations which we have proposed meant to the Forest, a resident Surveyor, and an Accountant, prevent the felling of Oak in Winter, if that shall be together with the Purveyor of the Navy. To the found of such Advantage as to make it adviseable to Thor Duty. Surveyor, all Warrants from the Treasury Should be sacrifice the Bark on that Account. The Trees to be senti by the Office to which the general Management dripped (landing, or felled in Winter, Should be dif-of the Forests shall be committed; and he Should be tinguished by particular Marks, and Returns of therri responsible for their due Execution. All Works to be sent to the Office of Forests, and to the Navy Board, done in the Forests should be under his Direction, The Tops and Bark of the Naval Timber, and any subject to the Orders of that Office, and he Should Other Timber or Wood to be sold in the Forest, have Authority over the Wood Bailiffs and Watch- Should be disposed of at public Sale, of which a men; but no Part of the Money arising from, or to - Fortnight’s previous Notice should be given by Ad-be expended in, the Forest, Should pass through his vertisement i The Three principal Officers Should all Hands. A Weekly Return Should be made to him by be present at the Sales; the Money Should be received each Bailiff*, dating the Work of every Kind done in by the Accountant, and remitted to the Office of Fo-his Walk, and every Accident or Injury to the Tim- rests, reserving such Sum as he shall be ordered by ber or Fences in it; and to make this as easy as pof- that Office to reserve, fdr the current Weekly Payable to the Bailiffs, printed Forms, with suitable Co- ments; which are to be made by him on Certificate lumns, Should be provided for such Returns. from the refidient Surveyor. The Accountant must

The Weekly Returns of the Bailiffs Should be sent find proper Security for his Trust, and every Week by the resident Surveyor to the Accountant, by whom transmit to the Office of Forests an Account of his the Particulars Should be entered in Books, and the own Payments, and of the Balance of Money remain-Returns should be transmitted immediately to the Ge- ing in his Hands, signed by himself and the resident neral Office of Forests. The Accountant should also Surveyor.

enter in his Book* an Account of all Prosecutions for The Duty of the Purveyor remaining nearly the Offences in the Forest, shewing the Nature of the same as at present, nefcd not here be farther detailed j Offence, the Issue of the Prosecution, and the Ex- but as the Safety of the Forest depends very much on pence attending it. the faithful Execution of that Duty, as the Labour

GeneralRegisterof A general Survey and Register of the Oak Trees of it will be considerably increased, and as it may Timber. in the Forest containing more than 10 Feet of Timber, perhaps be thought unnecessary to continue the Office

should be prepared, in the Manner we have proposed of Regarder, from which the Purveyor at present rein our Third Report. In marking the Trees for the ceives near £. 20 Annum, and to discontinue his Register, great Care Should be taken not to injure the Allowance of Fuel Wood from the Forest; we think it Bark, as that is found to be extremely hurtful to the may be proper to allow that Officer ah Addition to growing Timber. One Copy of the Register Should his Salary, as Purveyor, to render it a more adequate be kept by the Accountant, and another in the Gene- Compensation for the Service performed, ral Office of Forests; and a Duplicate Should also be We know of no other Officer that will be necessary, lent to the Navy Board, by their Purveyor. A ge- except perhaps an Assistant Surveyor, the great Extent neral Review of the Timber, and an Examination of of the Forest making it difficult for One Person to the Register, Should be made once in every Five execute all that may be necessary in that important Years, or oftener, by the resident Officers, assisted by Department.

Persons sent from the General Office; and such young But though, after the fulleft Consideration of the Trees as Should be found to have increased to the Subject, and after consulting with the most experi-Size of 20 Feet since the preceding Survey, Should be enced and intelligent of the Officers now employed in added to the Register; and upon every Fall of Tim- the Forest, the Establishment and the Regulations we ber the Trees felled, for what Purpose, and by what have thought it our Duty to suggest are the most likely Warrant or Order, and also all Trees cut by Timber that occur to us for securing the future Improvement Stealers, or blown down by the Wind, Should be en- and Protection of this Forest, yet we are aware of the tered in the opposite Columns, in each Copy of the extreme Difficulty there is in forming any Plan of fu-Register. , ture Management, that may not on Trial be found td

Regulation re. All Trees of every Kind, whether Oak or Beech, require some Alteration or Addition; and it will jjP*aing the felling of that are to be felled in the ensuing Season, for any without any Doubt therefore be necessary to give dif-" Purpose whatever, should be marked'for felling be* cretionary Powers for making such Alterations, with

fore the last Day of March Yearly, by the resident the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Surveyor, the Purveyor, and the Accountant, each Treasury. To prevent however the Possibility of a with a separate Hammer, and Returns of such Trees Return of such Neglect as has hitherto been shewn in made to the General Office of Forests; and no Tree the Management of this Part of the Public Property; should be felled until a principal Officer from that a Report of the State of the Forest Should be made Department shall have viewed the Trees, or an Order to Parliament from that Office once in Three Years, for felling them shall be sent from that Office. The Justice in Eyre was, by the antient Forest Laws,

'Rafing offtheTop* After the Trees have been felled, the Purveyor of obliged every Third Year to visit every Forest, and to of Naval Timber., the Navy Should rafe off the Tops, that is to say, the hold a Justice Seat for Trial of Offences in Vert and Parts to be cut off Should be distinguished by a Line, Venison; and we think that the Forests Should be viand he Should mark the Tree with his Hammer im- sited by One or more of the principal Officers con-mediately below that Line, reserving every Part that cerned in the Management or them at lead as often be deems fit for Naval Ufc, and marking every Piece now, when the Woods are become necessary for the with his Hammer on each End, as soon as the Top Supply of our Navy, and the Safety of this Country, has been cut off. These Precautions are necessary to On those Examinations the Report to Parliament guard against the very common Offence of dealing Should be founded; the Progress which has been made useful Parts of the Naval Timber, and carrying them in the Improvement of the Forest, the State of the off with the Tops. Inclosures, the Quantity of Timber growing the re

Vot.XLIV. 7 F taken

Stripping of Ca 'timber lianJ.rgi

or Winter-filing c Oak;

and resp'fling th Sale of the 1 o^e am Bark, &c.

fcuiteyor* Duty*

Farther Regula tiont, if found need fary.

To guard agairf future Neglect, th< State of the Foref Should be reporcet to Parliament cveH Three Year*.

:fT of the Alte-jii> propolcd.

|\r?illation rrfj*^-r uci Wood to kers.

ft t Keeper* J^cs.

Future Repairs of >u't s of interior H:ei i.

r<ver.'-e of propos-L.iijhiidimciit.

57°

2 40 JuliL

A. 1789.

taken from the General Register; and such Alterations as it may have been found necessary to make in the Establishment of Officers, Should be fully Rated, and the Reasons explained.

The Alterations we have proposed will have the Effed of bringing the executive resident Officers, whose Bufinel's will be confined to the Care of the Woods and Inclosures, wholly under the Authority of the Office of Forests. The Deer being removed, there will remain nothing under the Charge of the antient Establishment of Forest Officers, whose Duty extended only to the Preservation of the Vert and Venison; and the public Exigencies requiring that the Forests Should be hereafter kept as Nurseries for Timber, it cannot be expended that those Perquisites or Advantages Should be continued which are incon-fiftenc with that public Object.

No Fuel Wood Should be allowed to any Officer in the Forest, in Right of his Office, except where granted for a Term of Years; by which the Annual Demands on the Forest for Fuel will be very considerably reduced.

The Grants of the Lodges of Irouftjill, Bolderwood, and Rhinefield,to the Mailer Keepers, if this Plan Diall be adopted, can be considered only as Matter of Favour; and not being of any farther Use in the Management of the Forest, they Should certainly be put on that Kind of Footing that will prevent them from remaining longer the Source of shameful Waste of the Timber, and of improper concealed Advantage on the Part of the resident Officers entrusted with the Execution of the Repairs: But that this may be effected without any Inconvenience or Lol's to the present Poffefiors, we would humbly propose that, instead of granting those Lodges to the Mailer Keepers during Pleasure only, they Should be granted to them for Life, or for a Term of Years, with a proper Quantity of the inclosed Ground annexed to them, but reserving the Timber, on Condition of keeping the Lodges and Fences in complete Repair; an Expence which it cannot be expelled the Mailer Keepers would take upon themselves on their present precarious Tenure. After the Expiration of the Leafes1 first granted, if it shall be found expedient to continue them in Lease, other Conditions may be inserted, either for the Payment of Relit, or for lclTening the Quantity of the Ground to go with them, adding the rest to the Nurfcry for Timber; but no Repair Should ever be done on any of them at the Expence of the Forest.

A small Allowance Should be made to the Wood Bailiffs and Watchmen, for keeping their Houses and Cottages in Repair, under the Inspection of the superior resident Officers; and no Building Should be repaired with the Timber or at the Expence of the Forest, except the King’s House and Stables at LynJburJl; and whenever any considerable Repair shall be required for those Buildings, a Surveyor Should be lent from the Office of Forests, to examine and report, on Oath, what is necessary to be done, and what the Expence will amount to; and when the Work is finished, it Should be again surveyed by Ikilful Workmen, to fee that it has been faithfully and fub-standnlly executed.

We have not thought it proper for us to point out the Quantum of the Salary which we think would be adequate to the Duty of the different Offices required by the Plan we have proposed; but it may perhaps be expected that we Should mention what, in our Opinion, would be nearly the Amount of the Whole, in order that it may be compared with the Expence of the present E.llabliflimcnr, and for that Reason ive take the Liberty of Hating that, according to our Computation, the whole Expence of die Plan which we have luggelled would not exceed £.1,500 or £. 1,6co perJauar, including jn that Sum every

Salary, and a i‘easonable Allowance for the Support of the Lodges and Cottages of the Under Keepers and Watchmen; whereas the Expence of the present Iiftab-lishment, which has a Tendency to the Destruction of the Forest, appears by the Statement before given to be not less than £. 3,400.

The Act by which we are appointed requires that we Should fuggell Plans and Regulations for the future Improvement and Management of the Landed Estate of the Crown, for the Protection, Increase, and-Supply of Timber on the Royal Forests, and for re-dressing any Abuses in the Management; and we have, in compliance with that Part of our Duty, and according to our bell Judgment, suggested such a Plan of Management, and proposed such Offices, as we conceive will be necessary, and at the same Time sufficient, to answer those Purposes in the Forest.

Many of the antient Offices will, if that Plan shall be adopted, become unnecessary: Such of their Perquisites and Advantages as are deflrudive to the Timber, we have thought it our Duty to represent as Abuses which ought to be put an End to; but Reasons and Motives may exist for continuing such of them as" are not of a Kind prejudicial to the Forest, for a Term of Years, or during the Lives of the present Officers, which we conceive it not to be within the Limits of our Duty to take under Consideration.

The Difference in the Expence €>f those Plans of Management is, however, but a very small Part of the Benefit which the Public would derive from the proposed Alterations: We have in the former Part of this Report ffiewn, from the most unquestionable Authority, that there was at One Time growing on this Forest: no less than 315,000 Loads of Timber of a Size fit for the Navy: The Quantity of that Size, by the Survey in 1783, was only 20,830 Loads, or about One Fifteenth Part of the Quantity in 1608. By the Estimate of the Purveyor of the Navy, the Forest will, at present, afford an Annual Supply of 1,000 Loads, which, including the Top and Bark, is worth about £. 4,000. Supposing the Quantity growing in [608 to have afforded a proportional Supply, it would be no less than 15,000 Loads Yearly, worth at the same Rate £. 60,000, which is more than One Half of the Quantity used in all the Royal Dock Yards, and near One Third Part of the whole Consumption for the Navy, including the Ships of War built in Merchants Yards, and no less than Seven Times as much as, under the present System of Management, has been Annually furnished to the Navy from all the Forests belonging to the Crown during His Majesty’s Reign; and there is certainly every Reason to expect that, under a Plan of Management in which the Increase and Preservation of the Timber are made the foie Objects of Attention, and when the Deer are removed, the Forest may be brought to produce at lead as much as it did formerly, when the Forest v/as flocked with Deer, and the Tres were a Ob-

jed, preserved chiefly because they yielded Browle and Covert.

The Objects we have had in View in forming the Plan which we have thought it our Duty to suggest, are to exonerate the Estates conceded with the Forest from every Thing that is or might be made disagreeable or burthensome to the Proprietors, or prevent the Property from being brought to its highest State of Improvement; — to free the Forest Land from those Claims and Rights of Common, or that joint Occupancy, which obstruct the Growth of Timber, as far as we think that may be done without Injury to the Property of any Person interested in the Forest; — to put an End to that confused Interference of different Offices which has hitherto impeded every Attempt to check Abuses, or to execute any Plan for 1 the

compared with the present.

See Page 565.

Observnhon respp&* ino- the antient Offices of the Forest*

Iricreased Produce by the pi opoled Improvement.

# See Appendix,

N°33-

£. 60,coo. — —

Objects of the proposed Arrangement.

ip Geo. III.

24

Julii

571

Necessity of providing a Supply of Timber for the Navy.

without trtifting to Foreign Countries, or private Estates.

Appendix, N0J 45,

46, 47>48*

Annual Consump-tien of Oik Timber for the Navy 45,904 Loads.

Appendix, N° 49.

Demand for great Timber increasing.

and general Stock dccteafing.

Cultivation of other Timber in Soils unfit for Oak.

the Benefit of the Foredand to Introduce, indead of theie, One plain and limple System of Management, confining the Attention and the Duty of the Officers to the only Object of any Importance to the Public, the Increase and Protection of the Timber; and putting the resident Officers under the foie Authority of those who shall be entrusted with the general Management and Improvement of the Royal Foreds.

We shall only add, that the farther we have proceeded in our Enquiry, the more we have become satisfied that it is efientially necessary for Government to provide, by Means of l'uch Improvements, a Supply in future for the Support of our Navy, without milling to its being obtained either from other Countries, or from private Estates in our own: — That though the Annual Demand for rough Timber for the King’s Dock Yards is, One Year with another, only 25,000 Loads, as dated in our Third Report, on the Authority of the Navy Board, vet that many of our Ships of War being built in private Dock Yards, by Contract with that Board, the whole Quantity consumed in the Support of our Navy, from October 1760 to the End of the Year 1788, was 1,285,306 Loads, or 45,904 Loads Yearly on an Average, as appears by the Statements in the Appendix, furnished to us by the Commissioners of the Navy: — And that the Demand for great Timber for the Shipping of the East India Company is much increased, from the PraClice of building Ships of a larger Size than formerly; while on the other Hand, in Answer to all our Enquiries, we receive new Assurances of a rapid Decrease in the general Quantity of Oak Timber growing in this Kingdom.

Wiffiing to discover some Means of ascertaining whether there really is that Decrease in the Quantity of Timber, and to remove, if possible, any Doubt in a Question of so much Importance, we have endeavoured to collect such Information as might enable us to form a Judgment of the Quantity which was growing in this Country at a former Period, that we might compare it with the Accounts we have received, as to the present Stock; and finding that the Progress of Cultivation, and the peculiar Firness of that Land for Tillage which is also the bed for the Growth of Oak, are the most prevailing Causes assign^d for the Decrease of the Quantity of Woodland, and particularly of Hedgerow Timber, which is deemed the bed for Naval Uses, we have endeavoured to discover whether there is any other Kind of Tree which may be expected to grow, on the wade and mountainous Parts of this Country, to a sufficient Size to be used in Ship Building, and which, though inferior in Quality to the Oak, may in some Degree

serve as a Subdiulte in case of a Scarcity of that valuable Timber; and from all the Information we have hithfcrto received, the Larix or Larch Tree is by far the most likely to answer the Purposes wanted: — It is known to thrive extremely well in the mod. Northern and mountainous Parts of this Island; it is a Native Of the Alps, and is found there on higher Ground than 'almod any other Tree; it is also the natural Produce of the Northern Parts of Russia , and the Ships of War built at Archangel, which are all of that Timber, we are well informed are as durable as those built at Peterjlmrgh of Rujjian Oak. The Oak of that Country is doubtless much inferior to the Britfi, and we do not mean to date the Larch Timber as fic to be used in building Ships of War in this Country while Oak can be had; but it may perhaps prove useful in building Trading Ships, and leave a greater Proportion of our Oak for the Navy; and no Tree is more likely to grow well in those Parts of the Forest which are unfit for the Growth of Oak.

We have endeavoured also, by an Enquiry into the Modes of building Ships in other Countries, as well as by consulting such Persons at Home as are reputed to have most Experience and Skill in that Profession, to enable ourselves to point out some Means of leffening the Wade of the Timber used, and of increasing its Duration; wishing in that Manner, as well as by Plans for the Improvement of the Foreds, to fugged whatever may tend to render the Supply to be expected in future from this Kingdom adequate to the Demand, and prevent the Evils to be apprehended from a Dependance on Foreign Countries, for our Naval Timber. — But these important Subjects have opened so wide a Field of Invedigation,- and One in which it is so difficult to avoid being mified, that we have thought it right to continue our Enquiries some Time longer, and to podpone our Report upon them until our Information shall be dill more complete.

We have reserved also for the Subject of a future Report, the Regulations which appear to us to be essentially necessary in the Office entruded with the general Care of the Timber in the Royal Foreds; and have confined ourselves on the present Occasion to a Statement of the Abuses, and a Plan for the Improvement and particular Management of the New

Forest, a Property from its Situation and Extent of so much Importance to the Public, as to be well deserving of the immediate Attention of the Legis-

lature.

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Turd,

July 22d 1789.

Cha' Middiet on,(L. S.)

Call, (L. S.) John Fordyce, (L. S.)

APPENDIX.

The Lnix or Tree lecoumur

24* Juiii. A. 1789.

APPENDIX.

N° 1. Extracts, from Domesday Book, of some Articles relative to the Afforeftation of

New For eft - Page 57 3

a. Perambulation of New Forest in the 8th Year of King EdwJ Ift. — P. 574

3. Perambulation of the said Forest in the 29th Year of King Ift. — P. 574

4. Perambulation of the said Forest in the 22d Year of King Charles the lid. — P. 575

5. Abstra# of an Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in New 9 and

10 W*III. — — ' — — P. 57

б. Copy of Decree of the Court of Exchequer, Anno 26 — — P. 578

7. Examination of Richard Nightingale, Housekeeper of the King’s House at

or Lord Warden’s Steward — — — — p. 579

8. The Answer of Sir Harry Burrard, Bari, Riding Forester, and One of the

Rangers of the New Forest,to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land

Revenue — — — * — — P. 580

9. D* of Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Bar', deceased, late Bowbearer, and One of the

Verderors of the said Forest — — — — p. 580

10. The Answer of Cha’ Lord Cadogan, One of the Rangers of the said Forest, and

Master Keeper of AshleyWalk — — — P. 581

11. D* of Stanley Geo. Heywood, Esquire, High Woodward of the said Forest — P. 581

12. The Examination of Tho’ Jeans, Deputy Woodward of the said Forest — P. 581

13. The Return of Richard Fezard Mansfield, Esquire, Under Steward of the said Forest,

to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue — P. 582

14. Extraits of Two Letters from Mr. Mansfield — — P. 583

15. The Examination of Nassau Jervoise Coleman, One of the Regarders of the said

Forest - P. 583

16. The Answer of John Rich* Earl De Lawarr, Master Keeper of Bolderwood

and Eyeworth Walks, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - P. 585

17. D* of Peter Batburst, Esquire, Master Keeper of Broomey Walk — P. 585

18. D* of Edward Morant, Esquire, Master Keeper of Whitley Ridge, and Lady Cross

Walks — — . — — — P. 585

19. D° of Nathaniel Hey wood, Esquire, Master Keeper of Wilverley and Rhinefield

Walks, and Deputy to the Lord Warden of the said Forest — P. 586

20. Examination of Thomas Holloway, Groom Keeper of Burley and Holmefley

Walks - P. 587

21. Account of Annual Payments made by Col. Heywood, Deputy to the Lord Warden,

to the several Groom Keepers of the said Forest — — P. 5 88

22. Abstracts of the Examinations of Twelve of the Groom Keepers of the said

Forest - P. .589

23. Extra# of a Letter from John late Duke of Bedford, late Lord Warden of the said

Forest, to the Lords of the Treasury, dated September29th 1768 — P. 6ix

24. Examination of Thomas Nichols, Purveyor of the Navy, and One of the Regarders

of the said Forest — — — — P. 612

25. D* of Henry Tombes, Deputy to the Surveyor General, and One of the Regarders of

this Forest - P. 613

26. Account of Monies expended in re-building and repairing Lodges in the New,

and repairing the King’s House at Lyndhurst, and of rough Timber allowed for the fame, from 1761 to 1787 — — — P. 615

27. Reference from the Lords of the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, upon an Estimate of Repairs, at Iron's Hill Lodge — P. 616

28. Extra# from the Presentment of the Grand Inquest at a Court of Swanimote held at

Lyndhurst, 14th September 1719 - P. 617

29. The Verderor’s Memorial to the Treasury, relative to Repairs ordered to be done at

sundry Lodges, 13th November 1724 — — — P. 617

30. Verderor’s Memorial to the Treasury, relative to Repairs ordered to be done at

Burley and Holmefley Lodges — — — — P. 618

31. Survey of Timber in several Forests, in the County of Southampton, Anno

1608 - P. 619

32. Survey of Timber in the New Forest, 1707 — — P.620

33. Survey of Timber in the said Forest, 1764 — — — P. 621

34. Account of the Number of Oak Trees, of 50 Feet and upwards, growing in the

New Forest, from a Survey taken in 1783 — — P. 622

35. An Account of the present Condition of the Inclosures for the Growth of Timber in

the New Forest — — — — P. 622

36. Abstra# of the Surveyor General’s Accounts of Timber felled for the Use of the

Navy in the New Forest, from 1761 to 1786 — — P. 625

37. D* of Wood Sales within the said Forest, from 1761 to 1786 — — P. 627

38. Brief Statement of the Produce of Navy Timber and Wood Sales in the New Forest,

and of the Disbursements thereout, from 1761 to 1786 — P. 628

39. Abstra# of the Accounts oxjofepb Hinxman, Esquire, and Sir Paulet S' John, Ba-

ronet, late Woodwards of th cNew Forest, from 1761 to 1771 — P. 630

40. Accounts of Navy Bills issued to John late Duke of Bedford, late Lord Warden j

to His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the present Lord Warden and to

t Sir

575

*9 Geo. III. 240 Julii.

Sir Paulet S' John, Baronet, and Stanley George Hey woody Esquire, the late and present Woodwards of the said Forest — — -L_ P. 631

41. Abstract of the Accounts of Stanley Geo. Esquire, Woodward, from 1780

to 1788 — — — — ' — P'. €33

4a. Abstract of the Accounts of Nath1 Hey woody Esquire; Deputy to the Lord Warden,

from 1771 io 1787 — — — — P. 634

43. General Abstract of the preceding Accounts — — P. 636

44. Copy of Letter from the Officers of Port/mouth Dock Yard, stating the ExpenCe at-

tending the New Forest Timber, 14th 1789 — . — . P. 637

45. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to the Navy Beard,

» respecting the Consumption of Timber, for the Use of the Navy — P. 637

46. Copy of Navy Board’s Letter, in Answer to the preceding — P. 638

47. Account of the Quantity of English Oak Timber and Knees, received into each of

His Majesty’s Yards, from October 1760 to January 1789 — P. 63?

48. Account of the Tonnage of Ships built or purchased for the Use of the Navy, and

not constructed in any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, since 1760 j and an

Estimate of the Quantity of Oak Timber supposed to be required for constructing them - P. 639

49. A State of the Quantity of Oak Timber used for the Support of the Navy,

from His Majesty’s Accession to the End of the*Year 1788 — P. 639

N° 1.

EXTRACTS from Domesday Book, of same Articles relative to the Afforeftation of New Forest.

Nova

p £i. In Foresta 7 Circa Ea» In Rodbrige H3\ Rex habuit 7 ht una hida in Achelie. 7 e de firma ini fulae Wit. Cheping tenuit in paragio. Tc fe deft p una hida n? p nichilo. Tra. e. IIII. Car.

T. R. E. 7 poll valuit. L. Sot. Modo. e in forefta. Ibi ca rex mifit.

Walchelin? eps habuit in Falelie una hid 7 in v. Trae. 7 p tanto geldau. Modo p nichilo. Tra. e. XII. car.

T. R. E. 7 poll valuit. L. Sot. Modo. e in forefta.

Rogerius Comes habuit Lefteorde. Duo alodiarij

8C

tenue? in paragio. 7 defif H tra p una hida.

T. R. E. 7 poll. vath. XL. Sot. Modo. e. in so-

to q _ i

refta excepta. IIII. parte uni v. qua ten qda ho de Comite. 7 ibi ht. III. bord. Vat III Sot.

Godric 7 Elnod habuer in Gatingeorde II. hid. 7 p tanto fe defdb. Modo. e in forefta. Tra. e. v. car. Vaib XLV. Sot.

Cheping tenuit. III. Virg de rege in Achelie. 7 pro tanto fe defdb. Modo. e. in forefta. Vath XL. Sot.

Wiflac tenuit de rege. I. hid in Bovreford. Modo eft in forefta. excepto. II. Ac"s p"ti. q"s ten Hugo

S qntini. Vaib. X. Lib.

Filij Godrici malf hnt de rege, Minteftede. pa? eo; tenuit de rege E. Tc fe defdb p. III. hid 7 dim Modo n hnt filij ej* nisi dim hid. quae Geldau p una v. Alia tra. e in forefta ’fra. e uni9 car. 7 ibi. e in dnio cu. IIII. bord. 7. III. Servis. 7 XVI. ac p"ti. Silva de X. pore. 7 in Winceftre. I. haga de XII. den. H. tra. T. R. E. Vath. VIII. Lib. 7 post. XV. Solid. Modo. XX Solid.

Vol. XLIV.

In New Forest and near it. In Rodbridge Hund4 The King had and now hath one Hide in Achelie, and it is of the Farm of the Ille of Wight. Cheping leld it in Parage, Then it was taxed for one Hide, now for nothing. The Arable Land is Carucates* n the Time of King Edw4 and afterwards, it was worth 50 Shillings, now it is in the Forest, The King put it there.

Walchelin the Bishop had in Falelie one Hide and three Virgates of Land, and it was taxed for so much, now for nothing. The Arable Land is 11 Carucates. In the Time of King Edw4 and afterwards it was worth 50 Shill’; now it is in the Forest.

Earl Roger had Lefteorde, Two allodial Tenants held it in Parage, and this Land was taxed for one Hide.

In the Time of King Edward, and afterwards, it was worth 40*. now it is in the Forest, except a fourth Part of one Virgate, wch a certain Man holds of the Earl, and he has there 3 Borders, Value 3’.

Godric and Elnod had in Gatingeorde two Hides, and it was taxed for so much; now it is in the Forest. The Arable Land is 5 Carucates. It was worth 45 Shillings.

Cheping held three Virgates of the King in Achelie, and it was taxed for so much: Now it is in the Forest. It was worth 40*.

Wiflac held of the King one Hide in Bovreford: Now it is in the Forest, except two Acres of Meadow, which Hugh St. Quintin holds. It was worth £.10.

The Sons of Godric Malf have of the King Minteftede. Their Father held it of King Edward. Then it was raxed for Three Hides and a Half: Now his Sons have only Half a Hide, which was taxed for one Virgate. The other Land is in the Forest. The Arable Land is Qne Carucate, and it is there in Demesne, with Bordars, and 3 Slaves, and 16 Acres of Meadow: Woodland for 10 Hogs j and in Winceftre one House of 12 Pence Relit. This Land in the Time of King Edward was worth £.8. and afterwards 15 Shillings; now 20 Shillings.

574

K'V.w. ».

don.

140 JuliL 178 9.

N* 2.

PERAMBULATION of New Forest in the 8th Year of King Edward 1. from the Chapter House Westminster.

Southtoo plica Foresta;, A* 81,0 Edw. jBl.

Placita Foreste apud Wynton, in Com. Sutham. in c*ftino Sci Hillar. anno Regni Reg. Edwardi octavo coram Rog. de Clifford Joh Lovetot Galfr. de Pyfcheford & Wilt de Hameltone Justic. ad eadem Placita audienda Sc t'minand aflig*tis.

Mete & Bunde Nove forefte a primo tempe quo suit afforefta.

Primo de hudeburwe usque ad folkewell. deinde usque ad le Redechowe. deinde ulq la Bredewella. deinde usque Brodenok. deinde ufq la Chertihowe. deinde usque la Brygge. deinde ufq Burnford. deinde ufq kademannesforde. deinde ufq ad aq1 de Selneij. deinde ufq Orebrugg. deinde ufq la wade sicut aq1 descendit. deinde ufq la Eldeburwe. deind usque Meche. dende ufq Redebrugge sicut ripa de Tcrfte descendit. deinde ufq kalkefor. sicut mare descendit deinde ufq la Hurftc in longitudine maris. deinde ufq ad ponte xpi Ecde sicut mare fluit. deinde sicut Ripa de Avene extendit ufq ad Ponte de forthinge-brugge. deinde sicut Ripa de Avene extendit ufq Moletone. deinde sicut Ripa de Avene extendit fe ufq Northcbardeford Sechemle Et fic in longitude p unu foffat qd fe extendit usque Hcrdeberwe.

N* 3.

PERAMBULATION of New Forest in the 29th Year of King Edward I. — from the Tower.

Hot jDetatnbuIac jpotcftaV de Anno Regni Regis Edwardi primi Vicesimo nono. m. 4.

CttoartKl# Dei Gra Rex Angi Dns Hibn. Dux Aquit. OnTibz ad quos pffentcs Lre <p*venfint, Saltm. Sciatis q4 Cum Coitas Regni nFi nobis concefferit Quintam decimam omlu. Bono it fuoi; mobiliu. questiebunt in Fefto ScT Michis pximo futuro extunc taxandoif, Que quidem Quintadecimapost hujufmodiTaxacoem colligi debet, levari & fidelit' nob Solvi, Volumus & concedimus p nob & Heredibz nFis q4 ^am-bulacoes fade coram dilco & fideli nFo Jobe de Berewyk Sc Socijs fuis ad hoc assignatis p<ceptum nFm de Forestis nFis in Com. Sutht. de certo teneantur & observentur ty' metas & Bundas contentas in eifdem ^ambulacoibz, qua it Tenor de Verbo ad Verbum sequitur in hunc modum.

Nova Foresta) fca in Nova

forefta in Com. Sutht. in pffencia Johis de Berewyk Sc Socioif fuoit ad hoc assign.

BFe Dni Regis ut Patet in Rotulo de ^vambulacoe Foreste de Wolnem'e & Alfyelholt & in dpffencia Johis de Romefy Tenent Locu. Justic. Foreste & in pffencia Johis Randdolf tunc Senefcalli pidce Foreste & in pifencia Gilbti de Teye Johis de Cauz & Willi de Buttefthorn Viridar. Foreste p'dce. Et incipit Foresta, Videir, apud Tyttebrok & inde Viam ufq Schottefcroche & fic ufq Bradenewell & inde ufq Churcheftyghcle & inde ufq Holewey & inde ufq Horcwyihgc & inde ufq Heggesfcld & inde ufq Cot-tedelan. & inde ufq La Brigg & inde ufq Burneford & fic ferrxjp' Rivulum ufq Burcheford & inde ufq ad Placeam que<vocatur Chyttedehouks & fic ufq

Rydecliveford & inde ufq Merkeford & fic ufq Hore-mor. & fic Strondam ufq ad Rivulum qui venit de Goweldcflond & inde afeendendo jp eundem Rivulum ufq ad cornerium de Gaywoldefcroft & fic Haiam tjufdem Crofte directe ufq Chekefgrave & uc defeen-dendo ufq Alfyefhurn & fic in longum Hay am

ufq La Heglane & fic ufq Otereflane fic in longum ejusdem ufq Pynchthornefliurn & inde ufq Mangforde & fic eandem ufq Trendehull & fic ultra Trende-hull ufq Pottcresford & inde directe ufq Fletefwode Westhende & inde Viam ufq Dykeddebech & inde ufq ad novum Foffatum de Longgely & inde viam Regiam int* t>ram Prions de BromSre & ohis de Faudon. & inde ufq ad Cornerium de Ippelighefcrofte & fic magnam Viam ufq Doun-shamele & fic ufq Stonybuppe & inde ufq Bottef-hagfhe Sc fic ufq Northwell & inde ufq La Hach de la Stonylonde & fic ufq Buttebriggs & inde Wamelemore ufq ad Mare & fic <jp Mare ufq Roggesflet & fic de Rockesflet ufq Oflakesford & inde ufq Croukeflande & inde ufq ad Vicum qui vocatur Nothlyhefdiche & fic defeendendo parvum 'Foffatum ufq Narkydewell & fic ufq Merkeftak & fie extremitat Bofci de Langet ufq ad Corner occidental de la Wodecrofte & fic eandem Croftam ufq ad aliu M"kyngftak & fic Rivulum More de Derkewatere ufq ad mare & ita mare ufq ad Mfttyngftak de Scanperifgh & inde ufq ad Foffatum quod vocatur Derdytch & fic idem Foffatum a Parte boreali ufq ad Domum Radi le Hurt. Vidz, a Parte occidentali ejusdem Domus & fic ufq Vicum ufq La Derlegh & dp» Longum ejusdem ufq Prattef-tyghele & inde #* Viam ufq Coppelftyghele & inde jp Foffatum de Cockellond ufq Gangyrefcroft & fic ufq Pechegrove & inde a Parte auftrali ejusdem ufq Truweftyghel & inde ^Derligh ufq Goudrickeftigl>el & inde ulq Prattcfhouk & inde ty* longum Foffatum intr trram Ade Stegge & tFram Depematon ufq Viam reg. que ducit de Welhamton vtfus Bellum Locum Sc inde ufq Wykenefhull dc Werebcrne & inde defeendendo Foffatum ufq Bolre & inde directe ultra aquam de Bolre medium duait Croftait ufq Jernefburgh & fic ufq ad longum Quercum & inde Viam regiam ufq Batterhamefdich ufq ad Cor-nerium de la Styvelonde & inde ufq Breggebriggc & fic afeendendo ty* Rivulum ulq ad Foffatum Retro-fedtmere & fic magnum Foffatum ufq ad Hogam deNorthweye & inde (J&'Foflatum ufq ad Caput magni Foffati a Parte occiaentai de Stanford Sc inde Rivulum ufq Stanforefende & inde ulq ad Wytedy-chefweftende & fic eandem ufq Heghet & fic <gv Foffatum ejusdem ufq Stapelden & inde <&> Rivulum ufq Grenefladeford & fic ufq Fernycroft & fic Foffatum juxta Viam regiam de Crukesfordecroft & fic afeendendo ty* Wytherden ufq ad Marleram de Byaweriper & fic Haiam ufq Rowdich & inde ufq Blakedich & fic ufq Haghthornefiad & inde ufq Develdon & inde afeendendo ufq ad Hogam Evere-lefmer & fic ufq Wytchyndelburgh & inde ufq La Gombefdich & fic in longum ejusdem ufq ad Viam que ducit de Scheie versus Evertlyghefcroch Sc fic ufq Lokedeneburgh Sc fic ufq Viam a Parte occidental de Thorleden & fic directe ufq Haylardefburgh & fic ufq Knaveneburgh & fic defeendendo ulq ad Haiam que eft divisa int? Croftam Willi de Buthefthorn & tfam Willi Giles & fic ufq Markingftak juxta La Hyde & inde ufq La Greneflad de Buricumbe & fic ufq ad Aquam de Lymford Sc fic ufq Wyckeneflad et fic ufq Rodencfhined & fic defeendendo ufq Dockenefwater & fic eandem Dockcnefwater ufq La Markingftak Sc inde ufq Wythladdlak & inde ufq Merkyngbregh supra Gorlynggefdon & inde di-refte ulq La Putts in Mcrkynggeflade & inde ufq Derlygh & fic ufq Celiaresfled & inde ufq Alleyne-well & fic ufq Gofele & inde ufq Byfenorth & inde afeendendo Rivulum ufq ad Curiam Robti Ervys

Sc

*9 Geo. III. 24 ? Ju575

Sc fic<^mediam Curiam & Gardinum ejusdem exeundo in Viam regiam que ducit int? Frythham & Fordyngge-brigg & fic ufq Butine & inde ufq ad La Hethats & fic ufq La Hull & inde ufq Geylcfwell & inde sicut Rivulus descendit in Aquam quc vocatur Avenen.-& fic fem<^» ty* Aquam de Avene ufq Muleton & fic afcen-dendo Foffatum CanoTcoy. de Bromcre ufq ad Haiam de la Hale & inde afcendendo eandem Haiam ufq ad Capud de Suthhull 6c fic Iter Regis ufq ad Medewonfcfotd & inde versus Boriam Wollemfeftak ufq Wolnedenefend que ascendit in Markewey Sc fic Markewey ufq Gorefhened &

inde fenrufly Iter Regis ufq Tyttebrok. Et Dicunt Jurati qd pstice Mete & Bunde ante tempus Coronacois H: Regis pavi Dni Regis nunc, totam novam Forestam includere Solebant — Et Dicunt qd Dus Rex nullum dmcum Bofcum het extra eafdem Metas dee Foreste adjacentem — Et Dicunt qa omes Bofci tfre & Loca extra pftdcas Metas & Bundas p?dce Foreste appriata, que iftam ^ambutacoem deafforestantur, appriate fuerunt Foreste port tempo's Coronacois H. Regis pavi Dni Regis nunc fed quid & quantum temporibz cu-juflibet Regis feperatim nullo modo eis conftare poteft.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

(Signed) Robert Lemony Chief Clerk.

N* 4.

PERAMBULATION of New Forest, in the aid Year of King Charles II. — from the Chapter House, Westminster.

Inter Retorda in Thefaurario Curise Receptje Scactarii adfervata, viz*, in Bundeli indorfat. N° II Perambulaco Nova; 'Foresta; in Com. Southton A* xxij R? CaF. ScJi continetur ut sequitur.

m 3.

Nova Forest. 7 Hi pftentaconesRegardator. Forest. in Com. Southton. J p^d ad fepales Articulos Forest.

deliber ad Cur. dni R vocat. 1c Swanimote tent, apud Lynd-hurst xxvij die Junii Anno Regni dni nfi Car fecti nunc Rs Angi &c xxij0.

Perambulaco Forest. p&t fa£la p fforeftarios & Regardatores fforeft. p?d in pffentia Willi Powlett ar Senef-chali & RbEti Dillington Barr* flr Philippi Leigh ar viridarios fforeft. p?dict.

Inclpit pambulaco fforesT pit apud Melton bridge & abinde pgit p fluviu Avon, ad fluviu qui in ligneo Canali extranverfo fluvii AvofT pfdift transmittit* ubi incipit ffoftatum quod antiquitus terras canoni — geif de Bromore ibm. terminavit 6c nunc eft divisio inter Parsons Mead 6c Weremead 6c campos alios 6c p cellu ffoffatu quoufq. ventu eft ad principiQ fepis de Hale comuirf vocat' Hale hedge 6c p cand fcpem re-

quinqueat--- Barnefarne a manu dextra refta p Hel-

close ufq ad quendam angulu vocat. Helicorner 6c ab inde p eand fepem ad aliu. angulm. vocat. Weldclofe Corner & ab inde p viam publica ducent. vffus fforeft. ufq Mellesford feu Meadsford ubi poftisapponi cu-ratur& ab inde aquilonem vffus in longitudinem cu-jufdam vallicule vocat Wolemere bottome ufq Wol-mere post & ab inde ad dunum in comuni via de Markeway crescent vocat Wynnyatefbufh & ab inde

afeehdendo p le Markeway ufq Tittebrooke & ab inde ad Churchftele Sc ab inde ad viam equestrem vocat. Holloway Sc ab inde directe ad Horewithey in

cujus nunc diruti loco poftis---- flat humo

Sc fiwefta terris RTci Compton & Egydii Ayres dif-tinquit & ab inde ad Hedgeford als Hedgefeild p fepem inde ad veterem transitu vocat Blindlane & in longitudinem transitus illius ducent juxta boreal latus eeclefie de Bramshire in vii latiorem que ab inde extend itur vffus platford & fy’ hanc viam ad ponticulum vocat le bridge & abinde in linea direct a extransverfo camperu inclufoij ad vadu de Burnford & abinde p riviculum ad Brookebridge, abinde p eundu rivi-culum ad Birchford pime adjacen filve vocat Birchen-wood Sc abinde p eundem rivulu ad Shavewater 6c

afcendendo p illu rivulu ad Whittensford abinde ad Cadnombridge pgrediendo p eundu rivulu ufq ad Markeford Sc abinde ad Horemore & abinde qua via Comunis a manu dextra defleflit ad quendam quercu vocat Markeoake & abinde ad angulu cujufdam fepis medie inter fforest & quendam campu vocat Cirkins & abinde in longitudinem ejusdem fepis 8r ffoffe fub-jacent direc? ad poftem limitaneum in medio comunis vie erefbu Sc abinde ad flu viol u vocat le bourne qui ferpit extransverfo ejusdem vie & fluviolu illu usque quo venitur ad finem foffati quod mediu eft inter manfium de Biften Bartley Sc libtatem Guardian! de WTnton & abinde directe p longitudiii cujufdam fepis a Goomefcorner ad pridhayes Corner Sc abinde extransverfo viridis juxta Nafhhurst ad Otterflane als Coxlane Sc abinde in longitudinem de Otterflane Ss abinde diredle includendo Halfepennyhurst infra ffo+ refta p via ad vadu in valicula ibm ex oppofu anguli vocat Bufkets Corner & ab inde ad quercu limitaneu fenio fere consumptu & abinde ad Pottersford & abinde ad latus occidental de ffletfwood als ffletchwood & abinde p viam ad poftem limitaneu in loco fagi antiquitus vocaf Diked beech iofcrtis& abinde p via que Silvas fe extendic ad ffofatu vocat Langeley ditch abinde p viam regalem juxta locum vocat John of Farringdon’s Close nunc vaftu. fed quod antiqua? --< claufuraru vefligia adhuc exhibet& abindepviam a manu leva defleflentem ad quadrangular terr portio-nem vocat Riding fforefters booth & abinde direct ad angula de Ipfleys Croft als Iplers Corner quo in loco postus limetaneus conspicit Sc abinde p viam ducent trans magnum viride ad Summitatem collis vocat Applemore hill Sc abinde p viam antiquam nunc pe-nitus derelidla ad cacumen altius collis vocat Hore-ftonehill antiquitus Strayhup & abinde directe p veterem ripam ad angula cujufd vici vocat Butfafiilane Sc abinde p vicu illu ultra Butfafh farme ufq claufu vocaf Carbuts Close & p occidentalem fepem ejusdem claufi ufq ad fraxinu crefcen media inter utramq extremitatem fepis pfl3 & abinde extransvers <jp» mediu claufi pid ad angulu fepis crefcentis ex oriental pte claufi p<d & abinde p fepem p?3 ad fontem ubi incipit magnfi ffoffatu Sc illud ffoffatu ad Butfbridge& abinde sequend fluviu p Walemore ufq ad mare & ab inde p mare ad Mell lane lake & abinde afcendendo p rivulu. ad Sheep Walhford Sc abinde ad angulu de ffer-neyhill ground direlF trans valicula cavam ad magnu ffoffatu quod excludit Cadlancoon Sc abinde ad veterem fontem vocaf marked Well adjacent vie regie que ducit de Fawley ad Southton & abinde p eandem viam vffus ffawley ad Cadland pound ufq ad linem viculi nunc occlus pruden vocaf fforfters lane & abinde p fepem que dividit terras de Shablands de terris de Whitelands ad vicum qui ducit in communia de ffawley & abinde p auftrai occidental fepem comunie illius quoufq ad - - - extremu angulu ejusdem fepis venitur a directe pgentibus & abinde p veterem ripam Sc ffoffatu ad angulu vocaf preefts croft corner & p fepem ifcm ad p eadem fepem & floffatu ad Silva vocaf Newman’s Wood Sc p angulu Silve illius fcquendo fepem illam Sc duplex foflatu ad Newlands Corner 6c p

4 eandem

574

K»V.*. i.

den.

H° JuliL 1789.

N* 2.

PERAMBULATION of New Forest in the 8th Year of King Edward I. from the Chapter House Westminster.

South too plica Forestse, A* 8’° Edw. 1^.

Placita Foreste apud Wynton, in Com. Sutham. in c*ftino Sci Hillar. anno Regni Reg. Edwardi octavo coram Rog. de Clifford Joh Lovetot Galfr. de Pyfcheford & Witt de Hameltone Justic. ad eadem Placita audienda fit t'minand alfig*tis.

Mete & Bunde Nove forefte a primo tempe quo suit afforefta.

Primo de hudeburwe usque ad folkewell. deinde vfque ad le Redechowe. deinde ufq la Bredewella. deinde usque Brodenok. deinde ulq la Chertihowe. deinde usque la Brygge. deinde ufq Bumford. deinde ufq kademannesforde. deinde ufq ad aq1 de Selneij. deinde ufq Orebrugg. deinde ufq la wade sicut aq1 defeendit. deinde ufq la Eldeburwe. deind usque Meche. dende ufq Redebrugge sicut ripa de Terfte defeendit. deinde ufq kalkefor. sicut mare defeendit deinde ufq la Hurftc in longitudine maris. deinde ufq ad ponte xpi Eccte sicut mare fluit. deinde sicut Ripa de Avene extendit ufq ad Ponte de forthinge-brugge. deinde sicut Ripa de Avene extendit ufq Moletone. deinde sicut Ripa de Avene extendit fe ufq Northchardeford Sechemle Et fic in longitude p unu foflal qd fe extendit usque Hcrdeberwe.

N* 3.

PERAMBULATION of New Forest in the 29th Year of King Edward I. — from the Tower.

flat petatubulat jforeftaV de Anno Regni Regis Edwardi primi Vicesimo nono. m. 4.

ctfoarhtl0 Dei Gra Rex Angi Dns Hibn. & Dux Aquit. OriTibz ad quos ptfentes LFe <jp»venfint, Saftm. Sciatis q4 Cum Coitas Regni nFi nobis conceflerit Quintam decimam omlu. Bono if. fuoit mobiliu. que hebunt in Fefto ScT Michis pximo futuro extunc taxandoU, Que quidem Quintadecima post hujufmodiTaxacoem colligi debet, levari & fidelit' nob Solvi, Volumus & concedimus p nob & Heredibz nFis q4 jp'am-bulacoe’s faste coram diico & fideli nFo Jolie de Berewyk Sc Socijs fuis ad hoc assignatis pftreptum nFm de Forestis nFis in Com. Sutht. de cetfo teneantur & observentur metas & Bundas contcntas in eifdem ^ambulacoibz, quay Tenor de Verbo ad Verbum sequitur in hunc modum.

Nova Forcfta) H fca in Nova

forefla in Com. Sutht. in ptfcncia Johis de Berewyk & Socioif fuoit ad hoc assign.

BFc Dni Regis ut Patet in Rotulo de t^ambulacoe Foreste de Wolnemfe & Alfyefholt & in jp'fencia Johis de Romefy Tenent Locu. Justic. Foreste & in pflencia Johis Randdolf tunc Senefcalli pfdce Foreste & in ptfcncia GilLti de Tcye Johis de Cauz & Willi de Buttefthorn Viridar. Foreste p'dce. Et incipit Forcfta, Videlt, apud Tyttebrok & inde <^* Viam ufq Schottefcroche & fic ufq Bradenewell & inde ufq Churchcftyghclc & inde ufq Holewcy & inde ufq Horewythge & inde ufq Heggesfcld & inde ufq Cot-tedelan. & inde ufq La Brigg & inde ufq Burneford & fic ferrxjp' Rivulum ufq Burcheford & inde ufq ad Placcam que<vocatur Chyttcdchouks & fic ufq

Rydecliveford & inde ufq Merkeford & fic ufq Hore-mor. & fic ty1 Strondam ufq ad Rivulum qui venit de Goweldeflond & inde afeendendo eundem Rivulum ufq ad cornerium de Gaywoldefcroft & fic Haiam ejusdem Crofte direfke ufq Chekefgrave & uc defeen-dendo ufq Alfycfhurn & fic in longum Hayam ufq La Heglane & fic ufq Otereflane fic in longum ejusdem ufq Pynchthornefliurn & inde ufq Mangforde & fic eandem ufq Trendehull & fic ultra Trende-hull ufq Potteresford Sc inde dire<51:e ufq Fletefwode Westhende & inde Viam ufq Dykeddebech & inde ufq ad novum Foflatum de Longgely & inde OB' viam Regiam int? t>ram Prions de Bromore & Johis de Faudon. & inde ufq ad Cornerium de Ippelighefcrofte & fic magnam Viam ufq Doun-shamele & fic ufq Stonybuppe & inde ufq Bottef-hagfhe & fic ufq Northwell & inde ufq La Hach de la Stonylonde & fic ulq Buttebriggs & inde Wamelemore ufq ad Mare & fic <y, Mare ufq Roggesflet & fic de Rockesflet ufq Oflakesford & inde ufq Croukeflande & inde ufq ad Vicum qui vocatur Nothlyhefdichc & fic defeendendo parvum 'Foflatum ufq Narkydewell & fic ufq Merkeftak Sc fic «jp» extremitat Bofci de Langet ufq ad Corner occidental de la Wodccrofte Sc fic ty* eandem Croftam ufq ad aliu M°kyngftak & fic Rivulum More de Derkewatere ufq ad mare & ita mare ufq ad Mflcyngftak de Scanperifgh Sc inde ufq ad Foflatum quod vocatur Derdytch & fic idem FofTatum a Parte boreali ufq ad Domum Radi le Hurt. Vidz, a Parte occidentali ejusdem Domus & fic ufq Vicum ufq La Derlegh & <&> Longum ejusdem ufq Prattef-tyghele & inde Viam ufq Coppclftyghele & inde FofTatum de Cockellond ufq Gangyrefcroft & fic ufq Pechegrove & inde a Parte auftrali ejusdem ufq Truweftyghel & inde ^Dcrligh ufq Goudrickeftigl>el & inde ufq Prattefhouk & inde longum FofTatom intr tFram Adc Stegge & trram Depematon ufq Viam reg. que ducit deWelhamton vflus Bellum Locum & inde ufq Wykencfhull de Wereberne & inde defeendendo <jp» FofTatum ufq Bolre & inde diretfle ultra aquam de Bolre medium dua-q Croftam ufq Jernefburgh & fic ufq ad longum Quercum & inde ty* Viam regiam ufq Batterhamefdich ufq ad Cornerium de la Styvelonde & inde ufq Breggebrigge & fic afeendendo Rivulum ufq ad FofTatum Retro-fedhnere & fic magnum Foflatum ufq ad Hogam deNorthweye & inde to'FofTatum ufq ad Caput magni Foflati a Parte occidental de Stanford & inde <^ Rivulum ufq Stanforefende & inde ufq ad Wytedy-chefweftende Sc fic eandem ufq Heghet & fic

Foflatum ejusdem ufq Stapelden Sc inde Rivulum ufq Grenefladeford & fic ufq Fernycroft Sc fic Foflatum juxta Viam regiam de Cnikesfordecroft & fic afeendendo ty* Wytherden ufq ad Marleram de Byaweripcr & fic Haiam ufq Rowdich & inde ufq Blakedich & fic ufq Haghthorneflad & inde ulq Develdon & inde afeendendo ufq ad Hogam Evere-lefmer & fic ufq Wytchyndelburgh & inde ufq La Gombefdich & fic in longum ejusdem ufq ad Viam que ducit de Scheie versus Evertlyghefcroch & fic ufq Lokedeneburgh & fic ufq Viam a Parte occidental de Thorleden & fic directe ufq Haylardrfburgh & fic ufq Knaveneburgh & fic defeendendo ufq ad Haiam que eft divisa int? Croftam Willi de Buthefthorn Sc tfam Willi Giles & fic ufq Markingftak juxta La Hyde & inde ufq La Greneflad de Buricumbe Sc fic ufq ad Aquam de Lymford & fic ufq Wyckeneflad et fic ufq Rodenefhined & fic defeendendo ufq Dockenefwater & fic eandem Dockenefwater ufq La Markingftak & inde ufq Wythladeflak & inde ufq Mcrkyngbregh supra Gorlynggefdon Sc inde di-rette ufq La Putts in Merkynggeflade & inde ufq Derlygh & fic ufq Celiaresfled & inde ufq Alleyne-well & fic ufq Gofcle & inde ufq Byfenorth & inde afeendendo Rivulum ufq ad Curiam Robti Ervys

Sc

29 Geo. III. 24 0 JufiL575

4c fic ^nftcdiam Curiam & Gardinum gufdem exeundo in Viam regiam que ducit int? Frythham 4c Fordyngge-brigg & fic ufq Butine & inde ufq ad La Hethats & He ufq La Hull & inde ufq Geylefwell & inde sicut Rivulusdefcendit in Aquam que vocaturAvenen. 4c fic fem^p» fy*Aquam de Avene ufq Muleton & fic afeen-dendo Foffatum CanoTccy. de Bromere ufq ad Haiam de la Hale & inde afeendendo eandem Haiam ufq ad Capud de Suthhull 4c fic Iter Regis ufq ad Medewonsford 4c inde versus Boriam Wollemfeflak ufq Wolnedenefend que afeendit in Markewey 4c fic Markewey ufq Gorelhened 4c inde fem^» Iter Regis ufq Tyttebrok. Et Dicunt Jurati qd pstice Mete 4c Bunde ante tempus Coronacois H: Regis pavi Dni Regis nunc, totam novam Forestam ineludere Solebant — Et Dicunt q* Dus Rex nullum dnicum Bofcum het extra eafdem Metas dee Foreste adjacentem — Et Dicunt q11 omes Bofci tfre 4c Loca extra p?dcas Metas 4c Bundas p*dce Foreste appriata, que fy1 iftam ^ambuiacoem deafforeftantur, appriate fuerunt Foreste post tempuS Coronacois H. Regis pavi Dni Regis nunc fed quid 4c quantum temporibz cu-jufiibet Regis feperatim nullo modo eis conftare poteft.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

(Signed) Robert Lemon, > Chief Clerk.

N* 4.

PERAMBULATION of New Forest, in the and Year of King Charles II. — from the Chapter House, Westminster.

Inter Records in Thefaurario Curite Reeepta: ScacCarii adfervata, viz*, in Bunded indorfat. N° II Perambulaco Novte'Forcftae in Com. Southton A* xxij R? CaF. Scli continetur ut sequitur.

m j.

Nova Forest. 7 pflentaconesRegardator. Forest. in Com. Southton. j p?d ad fepales Articulos Forest.

deliber ad Cur. dni R vocat. le Swanimote tent, apud Lynd-hurst xxvij die Junii Anno Regni dni nfi Car fecti nunc Rs Angi 4cc xxij0.

Peramfeulaco Forest. pftt fatta p fforeftarios 4c Regardatores fforeft. p&t in p.Tentia Wiiii Powlett ar Sencf-chali 4c RoT-fti Dillington Barr* 4c Philippi Leigh ar viridarios fforeft. pfdidb.

Inclpit pambufaco fforesT p'cf apud Melton bridge 4c abinde pgit p fluviCi Avon, ad fluviu qui in ligneo Canali extranverfo fluvii AvoiT pftlitt transmittit* ubi incipit ffoftatum quod antiquitus terras canoni — gets de Bromore ibm. terminavit 4c nunc eft divisio inter Parsons Mead 4c Weremead 4c campos alios 4c p cellu ffofTatu quoufq. ventu eft ad principiu fepis de Hale comuirf vocat' Hale hedge 4c p cand fepem re-

quinqueac--- Barnefarne a manu dextra refta p Hel-

close ufq ad quendam angulu vocat. Hellcorner 4c ab inde p eand fepem ad aliu. angutm. vocat. Weldclofe Corner 4c ab inde p viam publics ducent. vffus fforeft. ufq Mellesford feu Meadsford ubi poftisapponi cu-ratur4c ab inde aquilonem v(fus in longitudinem cu-jufdam vallicule vocat Wolemere bottome ulq Wol-mere post 4c ab inde ad dunum in comuni via de Markeway crcfcent vocat Wynnyatefbufh 4c ab inde

afeendendo p ie Markeway ufq Tittebrooke 4c ab inde ad Churchftele 4c ab inde ad viam equestrem vocat. Holloway 4c ab inde directe ad Horewithey in cujus nunc diruti loco poftis - - - - flat humo 4c fforefta terris RTci Compton 4c Egydii Ayres dif-tinquit 4c ab inde ad Hedgeford ats Hedgefcild 4c p fepem inde ad veterem transitu vocat Blindlane 4c in longitudinem transitus illius ducent juxta boreal latus ecclesie de Bramshire in vii latiorem que ab inde cx-tenditur vtfus platford 4c hanc viam ad ponticulum vocat le bridge 4c abinde in linea directa extransverfo camperu inclufou ad vadu de Burnford 4c abinde p riviculum ad Brookebridge, 4c abinde p eundu rivi-culum ad Birchford pime adjacen filve vocat Birchen-wood & abinde p eundem rivulu ad Shavewacer & afeendendo p illu rivulu ad Whittensford 4c abinde ad Cadnombridge pgrediendo p eundu rivulu ufq ad Markeford 4c abinde ad Horemore 4c abinde qua via Comunis a manu dextra defte&it ad quendam quercu vocat Markeoake 4c abinde ad angulu cujufdam fepis medie inter fforest 4c quendam campu vocat Cirkins 4c abinde in longitudinem ejusdem fepis 4c ffoffe fub-jacent direc? ad poftera limitaneum in medio comunis vie erettu 4c abinde ad fluviolu vocat le bourne qui ferpit extransverfo ejusdem vie 4c fluviolu illu usque quo venitur ad finem foffati quod mediu eft inter manfium de Biften Bartley 4c libtatem Guardian! de WTnton 4c abinde diredke p longitudiii cujufdam fepis a Goomefcorner ad pridhayes Corner 4c abinde extransverfo viridis juxta Nalhhurst ad Otterflane ais Coxlane 4c abinde in longitudinem de Otterflane 4c abinde directe includendo Halfepennyhurst infra ffo-refta p via ad vadu in valicula ibm ex opposit anguli vocat Bufkets Corner 4c ab inde ad quercu limitaneu fenio fere consumptu 4c abinde ad Pottersford 4c abinde ad latus occidental de ffletfwood ais ffletchwood 4c abinde p viam ad poftem limitaneu in loco fagi antiquitus vocaf Diked beech insertis4c abinde p via que Silvas fe extendit ad ffofatu vocat Langeley ditch abinde p viam regalem juxta locum vocat John of Farringdon’s Close nunc vaftu. fed quod antiquar - - rclaufuraru vestigia adhuc exhibet 4c abinde p viam a manu leva deflefientem ad quadrangular terr portio-ncm vocat Riding fforefters booth 4c abinde direct ad angula de Ipfieys Croft ais Iplers Corner quo in loco postus limetaneus conspicit 4c abinde p viam ducent trans magnum viride ad Summitatem collis vocat Applemore hill 4c abinde p viam antiquam nunc pe-nitus derelidla ad cacumen altius collis vocat Hore-ftonehill antiquitus Strayhup 4c abinde directe p veterem ripam ad angula cujufd vici vocaf Butfafhlane 4c abinde p vicu illu ultra Butfafh farme ufq claufu vocat Carbuts Close 4c p occidentalem fepem ejusdem claufi ufq ad fraxinu crefcen media inter utramq extremitatem fepis p>d 4c abinde extransvers <{p* mediu claufi p(d ad angulu fepis crefcentis iex oriental pte claufi p<d 4c abinde p fepem pfil ad fontem ubi incipit magnu ffofTatu 4c illud ffofTatu ad Butfbridge4c abinde sequend fluviu p Walemore ufq ad mare 4c ab inde p mare ad Mell lane lake 4c abinde afeendendo p rivulu. ad Sheep Washford 4c abinde ad angulu de ffer-neyhill ground dire6f trans valicula cavam ad magnu ftoffatu quod excludit Cadlancoon 4c abinde ad veterem fontem vocaf marked Well adjacent vie regie que ducit de Fawley ad Southton 4c abinde p eandem viam vflus ffawley ad Cadtand pound ufq ad finem viculi nunc occlus prudeiT vocaf fforfters lane 4c abinde p fepem que dividit terras de Shablands de terris de Whitelands ad vicum qui ducit in communia de ffawley 4c abinde p auftral occidental fepem comunie

illius quoufij ad--- extremu angulu ejusdem fepis

venitur a directe pgentibus 4c abinde p veterem ripam 4c ffofTatu ad angulu vocaf preefts croft corner & p fepem ifem ad p eadem fepem 4c ffofTatu ad Silva vocaf Newman’s Wood 4c p angulu Silve illius sequendo fepem illam 4c duplex foftatu ad Newlands Corner 4c p

4 eandem

576

24° Juli'u

A. 1789.

eandcm fepcm ad Horlands & abinde p ffoffatu aridu quod includit quandam Silva nunc vaftata vocat Langley Wood ad occidental latus cujufdam campi quadrangular fepibus inclus & p fepem ejufd campi contin ufq ad vicu vocat ffofter lane & pgendo in longitudin illius vici ad Ironmellhill abinde ad Whitefeild lane Sc abinde ad Hoe lane Sc abinde diredr ad marefcu vocat Darkwater ex opposito anguli prati vocat leape Meadow Sc abinde p extremitatem marifci p<fa ufq ad mare Sc abinde contin p mare ad poftem limitan de Sharpricks Sc abinde ad ffoffatu vocat Deerfditch & de boreal pte ffoffat p»d ad viam regiam adjacent domui vocat" Pilewell house ubi poftis limitaneus inferi debet & ab occidental pte domus p'd ad vicu vocaf Shotflane & ab inde p quoddam ffoffatC ufq ad Pratftile Sc ab inde p ffoffatu de lock-land ubi poftis de novo crecf limes eft ufq ad vicum vocaf poftlane nomen poste ibm direct mu-tantem Sc abinde ab occidental pte vici illius ad quanda ffodina vocaf le Claypitts & abinde ad aliam fodinam vocaf le Gravell pitts Sc ab indep idem ffoffaf vocaf Deerfditch extransvffo - - - vifc regie que ducit deWalhampton ad Bcawley ufq ad vicu vocaf Towns-lane Sc in longitudin vici ill ufq ad auftral latus domus ad vicagagmde Bolre spestant" Sc ab indepffurzy hill lane ad portum de Limington als Balderwater trans pt ill ad vicu vocaf Deerlane Sc in longitud vici illius extransvffo vie regie quo ducit de Limington ad pontem de Bolder Sc abinde p viculu quendu ad collem qui vocaf Gallyhill abinde p viam ducenf de Limington ffoffatu de Battramfley Sc p idem ffoffatu p vicu adjungen Septentrional oriental angul cujufct Silve vocat Tuckingmell Coppice, Sc ab inde W parvu vicu juxta Silva ill quoufq p ffoffatu de Battramfley pfd venitur ad Newcroft corner als Newlands & eund sicut ffoffat illud vergit trans Scotts Comon a pte occidental ufq ad pontem vocaf Huckbridge als Breggehuch Sc abinde afcendendo p rivulf ad duplex ffoffatu vergern ad Septentron de Claus vocaf East Street Close, ad via regia ducenf de Battramfley ad Sway Sc p idem duplex ffoffat ad angulu vocaf East Strccte Corner als Cole corner Sc abinde p idem duplex ffoffat pgrediendo p boreal latus de Retrefetmere als ffetmore pond Sc p juxta januam de North

Sway Sc p fepem de North Croft ufq ad Stamford Sc abinde afcendendo p rivum ad extremitatem ville de Stamford Sc abinde trans valiculam vocat Bulfladef-bottome ad poftem limitaneu Sc abinde ad Birdpond Sc abinde directe ad Kitlegutter &p ilia guttura ad ffox-hole ex occidental later cujuftl magni ffoffaf vocaf Whitcditch Sc abinde defeendend p idem ffoffatfi ad filuviu & p eund fluviu ad Boundwayford als Carpen-tersford et abinde p Boundway ad quercu vocaf bound Oake & abinde ad locum vocaf Elcombe Grave poss limitaneo inlignitu Sc abinde p via ufq ad via rega-lem ducenf de fluvio Avon ad Milton Sc abinde de poste limitaneo occidentem vffus ad Brownefcroft at ffcrneycroft Sc trans Crofta ilia p foffaf juxta viam regiam Sc abinde p ffoffaf quod fepat colem de Of-mondfley a fforesf antiquit" vocaf Crowchford croft als Croxforcroft Sc abinde p viam de Withenden Sc abinde P via ad Marbrade Deep ats Burypeere Sc ab inde p fepem de le East close ad locum ubi incipit Rowditch & abinde ad Blackditch ubi poftis limitan cernitur & abinde p viam regia Haythorneflade Sc p eand ad Divells den Sc ab inde afcendendo ad Everfley Crosse Sc abinde ad Whitclimeborough & abinde ad fincm feptrional oriental ffoffati vocat Lackams ditch & in longitud ffoffaf illius ex rranfvtfo vie que ducit de Sherley ad Everley Crosse Sc abinde ad Brickenedbo-rough qui locus alter poftem limitan fuftinet Sc abinde ad poftem limitan de Lugdenborough als ffoxberry Sc abinde direct" ad Alifborough als Browneleafeborough Sc abinde directe extranlvdio vie docent de Burley Beacons trans Greene moore ad Knavefborough Sc ab inde dcicendo ad fepem inter terras RicT Compton Sc

tra gardiah hujus fforesf tempore existenf & abinde ad Greene ihade de Buncombe als Bircombe & abinde ad aquam de Lineford Sc abinde p fepem ad High-wood barrs als Oviatts barres ubi pofttus eft poftis limitan Sc abinde ad Wickenftake juxta caput marifci vocat Little Whitemore pofitis limitan alteram fedem Sc abinde defeendend p valicula vocaf Rodenbottome ad I Abridge sup aqua vocaf Dockenwater & abinde ad Markinborough sup Gorlefdowne als Gorleyhill Sc fie ex cranfvffo loci vocaf Gorly hill ad ffordinas an-glice the pitts & abinde ad Charlesford ats Coliarsford Sc abinde ad Abbots Well & p Valicula vocaf Gaw-fley bottome ad Blesford ats Bisford- Sc abinde afcendendo p eundem Rivalf ad Curtilagiu antiquitus cujufd Robti Ernes nunc Bulkley & p me-

diu Curtilagii ejufd Sc Gardin adjacen ufq ad viam regia nunc remporis occlus que ducere Solebat inter ffritham Sc ffordingbridge Sc abinde ad le butt & abinde ad Gilefwell Sc abinde put aqua defeendit ad fluviu de Avon Sc abinde afcendendo p cun3 fluviu ufq ad pontem de Multon als Miltofi ubi pambulaco fforeft. pfd incepit.

N°

5-

and set out by Commissioners, See.

Abstract of an Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New in the County of Southampton, 9th and 10th William III. Chap. 36.

The Act recites, That the Woods and Timber, not only in the said New Forest, but in this Kingdome in general, had, of late Years, been much wafted and impaired; and that the said Forest, that might be of great Use and Conveniency for Supply of His Majesty’s Royal Navy, was in Danger of being destroyed* if some speedy Course were not taken to restore and preserve the Growth of Timber there;

And then Enacts, That Two thousand Acres, Part S|0«o Ae«», Part

of the Waste Lands of the said New Forest, Should be *>* New Forest i«

inclosed and kept in Severalty for the Growth and ciofeLo"he°Grow* Preservation of Timber for Supply of His Majesty’s of Timber, kc.; Navy Royal; and that it Should be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to inclose, fever, and improve, within and out of the Waste Lands of the said New Forest (the Whole containing by Efti-mation 85,454 Acres) the full Quantity of Two thousand Acres Statute Measure, to be set out by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, to be directed to Six or more such Persons as His Majesty Should think fit (whereof Two which Should execute such Commission to be Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton, not being Officers of the said Forest)

out of such Parts and Places in the said Forest as Should be found or esteemed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to be most convenient to be inclosed, and to be most apt and meet to produce Wood and Timber, for the future Benefit of the Kingdom, and might be best spared from the Commoners and Highways of the County, which said Inclosure of Two thousand Acres Should be made in Manner following, that is to say. One thousand of the said Acres Should be forthwith admeasured by a sworn Surveyor, and set out and inclosed, butted, and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts, and Boundaries thereof returned into His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, there to remain of Record for ever, and the remaining One thousand Acres from and immediately after the Determination of the F'irft Session of Parliament, which Should be held after the Year of our Lord 1699, Should be in like Manner admeasured by a lwom Surveyor, and set out and inclosed, butted, and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts, and Boundaries thereof returned into the said Court of Exchequer, there to remain of Record; and also that it shall be lawful in like Manner to inclose Two hundred Acres more of the Waste in the said Forest Yearly, for the % Space

Inclosnres bow to be made*

Quantities, Butts, and Bounds to be returned into the Exchequer#

200 Acres more to be inclosed Yearly tof so Years, &c.|

and to remain in possession of the Crown for ever, as a Nursery for Wood only.

I>ecaved Trees to

be set out for making the Inclosures.

Whenever the Woods growing in the said Inclosures are past Danger of browiing of Deer, Sec. so that the same may be laid open. King may inclose the like Quantity of Acres for so much laid open, &c. free from all Manner of Common, See,

Wood not to be felled without Allow-aace, &c.

Nor Coppice Woods cut. See.

Penalty.

Inclosures not to he plowed or sowed, &c.

29 Geo. III.

2 40 Julii.

Space of Twenty Years from the Time that the several Inclosures of the said Two thousand Acres Should be made and completed; and the said Inclosures so set out and made as aforesaid to remain in Severalty in the actual PolTdTion of the Crown for ever, freed and discharged of and from all Manner of Right, Title, and Pretence whatsoever, according to the Purport and Intent of the said Act,- and to be called, made, and kept as a Nursery for Wood and Timber only.

For making the said Inclosures, it is further Enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Six of them, with the Assistance of One of the Purveyors of His Majesty’s Navy, Should set out so many decayed Trees (not being Ship Timber) as Should be necessary to make the said Inclosure.

And it further Enacts, That at all Times thereafter, whensoever the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, Lord Treasurer of England,or Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being, shall be satisfied, and shall determine that the Woods and Trees which shall be growing on the said Two thousand Acres, or any Part thereof, within the Inclosuresf which shall afterwards be made as aforesaid, are become pad Danger of browsing of Deer, Cattle, or other Prejudice, and shall think fit to lay the fame, or any Part thereof, open and in common, and shall cause the same so to be done, then and so often it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time to inclose out of the said Forest, in lieu of so much as shall be so laid open of the said Two thousand Acres, or of the said Number of Acres authorized to be inclosed, the like Quantity out of any other Part of the Residue of the said Wastes to be set out and made in like Manner, and by like Co'mmif-lion and Admeasurement, and to be holden inclosed, freed and discharged of and from all Manner of Common Herbage and Pannage, or other Rights, for so long Time as the same shall remain and continue inclosed, according to the Direction, Purport, and Intent of the said Act, to be a Nursery for Timber as aforesaid, instead of so much as shall be laid open as aforesaid.

And that whensoever any Wood or Timber shall at any Time be directed to be felled in any Part of the said Forest, Two or more of the Verderors, and Four or more of the Regarders, shall have Notice thereof, and the same shall be first viewed and allowed to be felled by a Commissioner or Officer of His Majesty’s Navy* and shall not be cut or felled until such View and Allowance j nor shall any Coppice Woods thereafter to be raised be cut or drawn until the Surveyor of the Woods for the Time being, or such Officer or Purveyor of the Navy, shall have marked with a Broad Arrow and Crown so many and such Trees as are fit to be reserved and kept (landing for Timber upon every Acre intended to be cut or drawn; and shall also certify unto the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, the Names of the Places and the Number of the Trees so viewed and allowed to be felled, and so marked to be preserved for the Use of the Navy; and if any Person shall at any Time either fell or cut down any Wood or Trees upon the PremifTes before such View and Allowance as aforesaid, or shall after cut down any of the said marked Trees, without good Warrant for the fame, such Person shall, for every Tree so felled, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety to His Majesty, and the other to him or them that will inform and sue for the fame.

The said Inclosures shall not be plowed or sowed with any Corn, or fed with any Cattle, or be kept for Underwood, but in such Manner only as shall be fit for the raising and preserving of Timber for the Use of the Navy.

Vol.XLIV.

Penalty on For ft"

Penalty.

Penalty for nc

Persons break in

For further Preservation of the Timber growing or to grow in the said Forest, it is Enacted, That if any KrcPcr* hr<,w'"' Forester, Keeper, or Under Keeper, or other Officer, or any Person by their Order, Direction, or Procure- Foretf. menc, or any other Person whatsoever, shall top, lop, qr browse any Tree of Oak or Beech in the said Forest, such Officer, Keeper, or Under Keeper for every such Offence shall forfeit Ten Pounds, and be utterly incapable of being a Keeper, Under Keeper, or Officer, in any Forest, Chafe, or Park, belonging to His Majesty.

No Collier shall presume to make, or any Keepers or Charcoal not to Under Keepers suffer any Coal Hearths or Coal Fires ^p,^'

for making Charcoal, within the said Forest, tq be any inci’oiure, i". made (as hath oflate been practised contrary to Law) except in the Waste Ground of the said Forest, to be then appointed by One or more of the Verderors, and Two or more of the Regarders, and the Surveyor or Woodward, and not within One thousand Paces of any Inclosure to be made by the said Act; nor shall any of the said Coal Hearths or Coal Fires be fenced with Bushes, but with Heath or Furze only; but every Coil H-arth* to C.ollier making such Coal Hearths or Coal Fires, and With Hea:h» every Forester and Under Keeper,'or other Officer, permitting the same to be made within the said Forest, to forfeit for every Offence One hundred Pounds.

And the said Under Keepers or Foresters respectively shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every Neglect t)rifts ol th

in not making the Drifts of the said Forest (for preventing Surcharges and uncommonable Cattle) as directed by the Statute made in thtf Two-and-thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, in that Behalf.

And, for the more effectual raising Wood and Timber in the said Forest, and preserving the Covert ci°oTur«,n&c. ma> 1! in the fame, it is Enacted, That every Person who fined, shall break down any of the Inclosures to be made for raising Nurseries of Wood and Timber as aforesaid (which Inclosures are intended and shall be kept; up and carefully maintained and preserved for the Space of Twenty Years at least, from the respective Times of malting the fame) or shall burn Heath or Fern, or destroy any of the Covert, or steal any of the Wood of the said Forest, shall at the next Attachment or Swani-mote Court to be held for the said Forest, be presented for the fame; and upon Proof made thereof, the Verderors of the said Forest, or any Two or more of them, shall have Power to fine any Person for every such Offence, not exceeding Five Pounds, and to commit the Party to the next Common Gaol for rommitted Three Months, or until Payment of the Sum set as Goa,»&c-aforesaid, which Fines shall be received by the High or Under Steward of the said Forest, One Moiety whereof to be to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be accounted for by the said High or Under Steward, as His Majesty shall think fit.

Provided that every Person which shall be punished for any the said Offences in the Manner specially directed in this Act, shall not be prosecuted nor incur the Penalty of any other Law or Statute for the same Offence.

This Act not to extend or be construed to extend to the taking away or altering the Forest Laws (except as before-mentioned) but that the said Forest, and every Part thereof, shall be subject to and under the Laws of the Forests, as if this Act had never been made.

Provided that all Persons having any Right of Common of Pasture or Pannage, or any Privileges preion'.

within the said Forest, shall hold and enjoy the same in Manner following, that is to say, their said Right of Pannage (w'z.) oetween the Fourteenth Day of

September and the Eleventh Day of November Yearly, from and after the Feast of Saint Michael the,

which Should be in the Year 1716, and not before, on

7 H Forfeiture

Proviso.

This Act not alter the Forei\ Law Sec.

R:ght of Comm

After Michadm&s it, and not bdore, ^ht of Common of iture continued in ! Walk Ground.

Times excepted.

Saving Right of jel to the adjacent (habitants, provided ey do not fell the

tnc.

Grant of any the id Inclosurei, &c. >id.

Notice to be given

hen any Sale of /ood shall be made i the Foielt, See. thcers to value the /ood before Sale, elt B Jtler to be the ur chafer.

No Fee, See. to be iken for Idling of recs, &c.

Penalty on Officer

fending.

578 240 Julii. 1789.

Forfeiture of any Hog, Pig, or Swine, that from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel then next, and before the Time aforesaid, Should be found'in the Wastes of the said Forest; and their said Right of Common of Pasture shall be and is thereby continued to them in and through such of the said Waste Ground of the said Forest at such Time and Times as the same shall not be inclosed as aforesaid, the Time of the Fence Month (that is to say) Fifteen Days before and Fifteen Days after the Feast of Saint John the Baptist Yearly, and the Time of the Winter Haining (that is to say) from the nth Day of November to the 23d of April Yearly, excepted, under and subject to the Forest Laws.

Saving also unto the several adjacent Inhabitants their antient Right of Fuel, provided that such In* habitants do not fell or otherwise dispose of any Part thereof, nor that any Person or Persons presume to receive or take the same in other Manner than they ought, nor by Reason of any Claim or Pretence of Right that was not allowed according to the Laws of the Forest before the 27 th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

To the End the said Forest and Premisses may be perpetually estated and preserved in the Crown for public Use, and not be granted to any private Use or Benefit, it is Enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whatsoever' shall presume to take, or shall obtain any Gift, Grant, Estate, or Interest of or in the said Inclosures or Wastes, or any Woods or Trees growing thereon, every such Gift, Grant, Estate, or Interest, shall ipso fatto be null and void, and the Person or Persons so taking or obtaining the same shall be utterly disabled and incapable to have, hold, or enjoy any such Gift, Grant, Estate, or Interest, and shall also forfeit Treble the Value of any such Gift or Grant to him or them which shall first sue for the fame, and shall also be incapable of holding or enjoying any Office or Employment whatsoever.

When any Sale of Wood shall be ordered to be made within the said Forest, public Notice thereof shall be given by the proper Officers of the Forest, in all the adjacent Market Towns, Three Weeks at least before such Sale, of the Time and Place where such Sales shall be made; and that the Officers who are usually in that same entrusted, do set a Valuation, before the Day of Sale, of the Wood to be sold, of which Valuation to be made, Notice shall be given to Two or more of the Verderors of the said Forest; and the Person or Persons who at the Time and Place aforesaid shall offer nioft Money for the Parcel of Wood then to be sold, over and above what the same was valued at, making his Proposal in Writing, and giving good Security for Payment of the said Money, shall be the Purchaser.

No Officer to take any Fee, Poundage, Gratuity, or Reward, for the felling of any Trees to be cut down for the Inclosures to be made by virtue of this Act, or for or upon the Sale of the Residue or Remainder of such Trees as shall be cut down for the Purposes aforesaid, if any such there be, or for the Sale of the Lops, Tods, or Roots of the said Trees.

And if any Officer whatsoever shall offend in cutting down and disposing of any Trees contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Officer shall, for such his Offence, forfeit his Office.

N* 6.

COPY of Decree of the Court of Exchequer, Anno 26 Eliz.

Ad hue de Termino See Trinitatis, Anno 26* Regine Eliz. 190 Die

Southt. Whereas there hathe heretofore bene divers Suites comenced in this Court by the General Sur-

veyor of the Queenes Maf* Woods on the South Side Trent, against fundriethee Keeps, Raungers, and For-refters of her Ma"" Forreft, called the Newe For rest, in the Countyc of Southt. as well for Windfall Wood, as for other great Quantitie of Wood and Trees fallen and taken by them, under Colloure of Fees incident to their several Offices, wch Wood so taken by them mult needes tende to the utter Destruction of the Woodes in the same Forreft, if spedie Remedye bee not therein provided: And forasmuche as it appeareth unto this Court that they have no sufficient Matter in Lawe to prove their Clayme to bee good, but only as usurped Custome as it shoulde seeme of latee Yeares begun, y* is not thought meete to allowe their said Claymes, but to releeve them for thee Tyme to come in louche other Manner as is hereafter menconed: And also whereas heretofore there hathe bene One Peeccof thee Comon and Waste Grounde of thee said Forreft, contayninge by EstimacTon Fower hundreth Acres, inclosed by a Composition under certayne Covenants, for the bringinge to Perfection the: makinge of good and perfect Salt Peter, by a certayne Day prefixed in the same Composition, w1" Day is already past longe fithens, and yet the said Worke not brought to Perfection: It is thereupon, by the Advyfe, and upon the Certificate of John Taverner, Gent. Generali Surveyor of the said Woodes, the 19th of June, in thee 26th Yeere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Ladie Elizabethe, by the Grace of God Queene of England.\ Frannce, and Irela, Defendor of thee Faithe, &c. Ordered and Decreed by thee Lord Treasurer, Channceller, and Barron of this Court of the Xchequer, in Manner and Forme followinge, that is to say, that thee said Inclosure heretofore taken in for thee makeinge of Salt Peter shal be layde open agayne unto the Comon by the Lord Wardon of the said Forreft, w,h the Assistance of 'I wo or Three Justices Of Peace next adjoininge, before the First Day of August next cominge. Also that whereas the said Lord Warden dothe require and clayme to have Allowance of sufficient Fucll for himselfe Yeerly, to bee taken within thee said Forreft; It is ordered. That thee said Lord Warden shall have for his said Fuell Fyftie Loades of Wood Yeerly, to bee taken in thee said Forreft of thee Loppes of fouch Trees as have heretofore bene lopped, to bee delivered by her Ma'1* Woodward of thee said Forreft, and to be spent by thee said Lord Warden in thee same Forreft, and not elsewhere. Also whereas the said Lord Warden re-quireth to have towards the building of thee Lodge w,kin thee Parke called the Newe Parke, in the same Forreft, all those Trees standinge in the Oulde Parke there, which were foulde by the late Earle of Arundell unto Sir Edward Horsey, Knight, deceased, howbeit suffered to stande to farve the Salt Peterman, if he coulde brought his Worke to Perfection; It is lyke-wife ordered, That there shall bee a Viewe taken of the said Trees by thee said John Taverner, Surveyor, and upon Certificate made into this Court, of wth Viewe the said Lord Warden to have so many of them as shall bee necessarie for thee repayreing and buildinge of the said Lodge. Also whereas the said Lorde Warden dothe require that the Keepers may have for their Fees the Wyndfall Wood, Rootefall Trees, and Inbowes, wefc he supposeth hath been of anneient Tyme belonginge to their Offices, for that they do not take any Brofewood, and that their Wagies is but 16" Yeerely for cache of them, and also for that Two of thee Manners are taken from the Lord Warden of thee said Forreft, wth weare in Tyme past allowed to the said Lord Warden towardes thee Mayntenance of thee Keepers there, and also that the Keepers may bee discharged of all Informacons against them, for Wyndfall Wood and Rootefall Trees heretofore taken in Right of their Offices, as the said Lord Warden supposeth. It is lykewyfc ordered, That the said Keepers

Keepers shall have eache of them in his several Walke . only fouche Wyndfall Trees and Boughes where no Part of the Roate is turned upp, and (nnbowes also onely so muche thereof as the Bees do light on, and thee Hony that ftial bee founde in thee'Tree, but not to cut any mayne Bowe or Tree it selfe by Coloure thereof; And also for that the Alteracon of Tymes hathe- bene fouche that thee said e Keepers cannott nowe so well mayntayne themselves of their Waives, beinge but 26'- 8rf* thee Yeere a Peece, of thee nowe currant Money; It is therefore further ordered,1 That thee said Keepers shall have Yeerly; over and above, their Waiges paid them by thee said Lord Warden, 26" a Peece mbre for eache of them Yeerly, to be paid out of the Wood Sales. And also whereas thee said Lord Warden dothe require that the Two Rangers and the Rydinge Fofter may have every of then) 9 Loades of Wood in every Baylywicke, as ,he sup-pofethe of oulde and accustomed Tyme they have used to take; It is lykewyfe ordered, thee foresaid Two Rangers shall have from henceforthe towardes their better Suftentacon, and in Hewe of thee said e Wood so claymed by them, 4" a Peece Yeerely, to bee payde out of thee Woodfales to bee made of thee Queen’s Woodes w'i> bee or shall bee growinge within thee said Forreft, by thee Handes of thee Officer or Officers that shall make those Sales from Tyme to Tyme.

And lykewyfe the Rydinge Fofter for the respects aforesaide, and for that also his Travayle is greater then thee others, shall have Fyve Poundes by Yeere lykewyfe paid hym out of thee said Woodfales. And also whereas the said e Lord Warden doth require that thee foresaide Keepers, beinge Nyne in Nomber, may have their reasonable Fuel], to bee spent in their Lodges within thee said Forreft; It is lykewife ordered, That every of thee said e Keepers shall bee allowed 'Twelve Loades of Wood Yeerly, to bee spent onely in their Lodgies, and to be delivered unto them by the Queene’s Woodwarde of thee said Forreft, out of her Heighnes Woodes there. And also whereas the said e Lorde Warden dothe require that there may he sufficient Poundes made of clefte and fawne Tymber, for Dryfts of Cattell and Hogges in thee same Forreft, for the avaydinge of thee great Spoyle of Tymber that heretofore hathe bene made, in makeinge of Poundes of whole Trees in every Walk; It is lykewyfe ordered, That there shal bee sufficient Poundes made for thee Purposes aforesaide, in Manner and Forme aforesaide, that is to say, of clefte or fawne Tymber, and nott otherwyfe. And also whereas thee said e Lord Warden dothe requirer that Order maye be taken that all those that doe or shall dwell in newe builded and erected Cottagies within the said e Forrefte, may bee reftrayned from takeinge of Woode in the said e Forrefte, to bee spent in those Cottagies or any of them; It is ordered, That no Inhabitors of any Howfes newlye buylte, fythe thee Begynninge of thee Queen’s Majesties Raigne that nowe is, ftial bee allowede any Woode in thee same Forrefte, to bee spent in any fouche buylded House.

N» 7.

The Examination of Richard , House-

keeper of the King’s House ai (but

commonly called Lord Warden’s Stewa/d) and also One of the Regarders of the Forest; taken on Oath, the 22d Day of November 1788.

This Examinant is Housekeeper of the King’s House at Lyndhurst, or Steward to the Lord Warden;

his Salary is Seventy Pounds per Annum, and in the , Absence of the Lord Warden he hath the Use of Two small Fields containing about Five Acres, and

a Garden, worth together about Ten Pounds Annum, and of about Thirty Acres of Land at Hill Lodge in the Absence of Prince William Henry the Master: Keeper, and during his Pleasure, worth about Fifteen Pounds per Annum clear. He attends the assigning and delivering of the Navy Timbef under the Lord Warden’s Contract, and the Sales oT the Lops, Tops, and Bark, and the Cast Timber refused by the Purveyor, which are previously valued by the Regarders, and he accounts for the same to Colonel Hey wood. Deputy to the Lord Warden. Hie also collects the Quit Rents and Forest Rents due to the Lord Warden, and takes Charge of Cattle and Swine unchallenged at the general Drifts of the Forest; which, if not owned within Three Days after driving, are eftrayed in the Presence of Two Tenants of the Manor of Lyndhurst, and turned into New Park. If they are afterwards owned he receives One Shilling and Six Pence a Head on releasing them, but if they remain there a Year unowned, they become the Property of the Lord Warden; but no ln-stance of that Sort has happened since he has been Steward. He also receives the Pannage Money for Swine turned into the Forest in Pannage Time. The Quit Rents in forne Bailiwicks of the Forest are collected by the Keepers, who pay a stipulated Sum Annually out of what they collect for the Use of the Lord Warden, and are allowed to retain the Remainder for their own Use. The Amount of the Rents which should be received for the Lord Warden is £. 96. a; but this Examinant has never been able to collect the Whole of that Sum. The Sum Yearly paid by him for the Use of the Lord Warden, purfuaot to an Agreement with a former Steward, is £.86. 7. 5, and what he collects above that Sum he, is allowed to retain for the Trouble of collecting the m. The Profits of the Pannage belong to the Lord Warden, but this Examinant is allowed to retain them for his own Use. The Amount is very uncertain, depending entirely on the Sealon. In the Year 1785 he received £.2. 15. 6; in 1786, £-33* — ,n U87J £ i- 10. 31; and in 1788, £.17. 2. 3; the Average on those Four Years being £. )3* 12. 1. AH Warrants for killing Deer in the Forest are also sent to this Examinant, who direCls them to, the several Keepers, and he also pays all incidental Disbursements at the King’s House, on the Lord Warden’s Account.

This Examinant was chosen One of the Regarders of the New Forest in the Year 1779. There are in all Twelve Regarders, a certain Number of whom (generally Five or Six) attend the marking of all -Trees to be felled in the Forest for any Purpose whatever, and none can be felled but such as are marked by the Purveyor of the Navy, which Should be done in the Presence of Three Regarders at the lead. The Regarders also attend on the Delivery of the Naval Timber to the Dock Officer, and the Sales of Lop$ and Tops of Navy Trees, and other Wood and Timber in the Forest; and this Examinant very frequently attends on such Occafioos. The Regarders are not obliged to attend. They have no Salary, nor any other Emoluments, as Regarders, besides ah antient Allowance of Two Shillings and Six Pen Day, for every Day on which they actually attend on any Business of the Forest; which Allowance is at any Time barely sufficient, and often inefficient to pay the Expence attending it, as the Regarders frequently ride Ten Miles from Home, and are out Seven or Eight Hours at a Time on Forest Business. The Purveyor of the Navy, the Deputy Surveyor General, and Deputy Woodward, are also Regarders of the Forest. There have been generally Two dated Falls of Navy Timber Yearly, one under the Charge of the Lord Warden, the other under the Charge of the Surveyor General. All Extra Falls of Timber

for

A. 1789

for the Navy, or for Sale, or Repairs of Lodges or Fences belonging to the Forest, are likewise under the Charge of the Surveyor General. The Deputy Surveyor usually attends on the marking of Timber in the Surveyor General’s Charge, and the Deputy Woodward on assigning Fuel and Repair Timber for the Copyhold Tenants i and neither of them attend but very rarely on any other Occasions. The Navy Timber for the Lord Warden is marked by the Purveyor and this Examinant, in the Presence of the Regarded. The Regarders, who attend on Forest Business with the Deputy Surveyor or Deputy Woodward, are paid by them respectively, and those who attend the Marking or Delivery of the Lord Warden’s Timber are paid by this Examinant. If it happens that Timber is marked for the Lord Warden, the Surveyor General, and the Woodward, on the same Day, the Regarders are paid separately by each for such Day’s Attendance; and it has been customary for the Deputy Surveyor and Deputy Woodward to pay each other, as Regarders, for Business in their respective Departments, and for this Examinant to pay them both as such, whether they attend or not. The Fuel Wood is assigned by the Purveyor and Deputy Woodward, a certain Number of Loads Yearly to each Claimant, according to the Fuel Lift, of which the Purveyor, Deputy Woodward, and most of the attending Regarders, have Copies. The Quantity is nearly the same every Year, never increased, but sometimes diminished, when a House falls and is not re-built. The Kind of Wood usually assigned is ferubbed Beech, unfit for the Navy. Many Persons use their Fuel Wood as Fuel; but a Custom prevails very generally of felling it, and converting it to other Uses. The bell Parts are usually cut into Rails and Truck Wheels for the Use of the Coal Works at and

Card Boards for dressing Wool, and are generally prepared for those Uses in the Forest, and the Lops and Tops made into Charcoal. Each Person either fells his own Fuel Wood or fells it (landing. No Time is limited for taking it away, and much Mif-chief is frequently done in felling the Fuel Trees, and he believes wilfully, in throwing down young Timber Trees, and Branches of Trees near them. He has Twice convicted Persons of cutting Trees which had not been assigned to them, and he believes that great Quantities are taken more than are assigned; but it is not easy to dete£l them. When Timber is wanted for Repairs by the Copyhold Tenants, an Estimate of the Quantity required is made on the Oath of a Workman, and by the View of Two Tenants, and presented at the Court of the Manor, and the Steward then issues a Warrant to the Woodward for assigning the same: It is always assigned by the Purveyor and Deputy Woodward in the Presence of the Regarders, and after the Timber is felled, the Quantity is measured and delivered to the Tenants. The High Woodward has the Bark, and the Deputy Woodward the Lops and Tops, for their own Use. He cannot say with Certainty how such Timber is disposed of, but believes that some Persons fell or exchange Part of it, and others fell the Whole, and afterwards apply for more, there being no proper Check against Abuses of this Nature. When any Buildings or Fences belonging to the Forest are directed to be repaired, the Work is done under the Direction of the Deputy Surveyor, without the Interference of any Forest Officer, other than for assigning Timber for that Purpose. It has not been usual, within his Remembrance, for the Regarders or other Officers to inspect the Works after they were executed, though he has heard it was done formerly, and that the Accounts were examined and attested by the Regarders before they were passed.

(Signed)

N" 8.

The Answer of Sir Harry Baronet, Rid-

ing Forester, and one of the Rangers of the New Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated ill June 1787.

As Riding Forester, I conceive it to be my Duty ro attend and ride before His Majesty when He goes into the Forest, and to fend all Warrants directed to me, for His Majesty’s Use, to such Keepers as I think bell able to serve them well; as Ranger, to drive the Purlieus.

As Riding Forester, I am appointed by the King’s Letters Patent, durante bene; as Ranger, by the Lord Warden’s Warrant, during his Pleasure.

1 receive no Rents, nor make any Disbursements By virtue of either of my Offices.

My Annual Salary as Riding Forester is £.500, and amounts, net, to £.424. 1 paid at the Exchequer by Warrant from the Treasury. As Ranger under the Lord Warden, my Annual Salary is £.4, paid by the Woodward, and a. 13*. 4 paid by the Lord Warden for what is called the Apportionment.

I have no certain or casual Fees or Emoluments, except One Fee Buck Annually for each Office.

I do not occupy any Messuages or Tenements in the Forest.

To the Questions concerning the Timber and Wood, and the Deer, it is impossible for me to give any Information, as I never have had any Occasion or Opportunity to enquire into them, and never conceived it any Part of my Duty to do so.

1 have Reason to believe that many Intrusions and Incroachments have been made, and do now exist in the Forest, but it is not in my Power to give a particular Account of them.

No Waste of any Timber has come to my Knowledge, and, I believe, does not often happen; but the Keepers of the several Walks usually present such Abuses at the Swanimote Courts.

(Signed) Id. Burrard, July 4th, 1787.

N° 9.

The A nfwer of Sir Philip Jennings , Baronet, Bowbearer, and One of the Verderors of the New Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue ;dated the ill Day of June 1787.

The said Sir Philip Jennings Clerke holds the Offices of Verderor and Bowbearer. The Duty of the First is bed expressed in Manwcod's Laws; that of Bowbearer is to attend the King when in the Forest, with a Bow and Arrow. He was elected Verderor by the Freeholders of the County for Life, as he believes, and he was appointed Bowbearer by the Lord Warden during Pleasure. The Verderors have no Salary; the Bowbearer’s Salary is 40J. a Year. As Verderor he is entitled to One Fee Buck and One Fee Doe Annually; but out of Compliment to the Lord Warden, the Verderors have taken the Euck only: As Bowbearer, he has also a Buck and a Doe. Formerly, it is said, the Verderors used to attend the Sales or Falls of Timber in the Forest; but they have not done so for many Years; he cannot, therefore, give a satisfactory Answer to the Enquiry concerning the Timber. The Incroachments are inconsiderable; but Reference may be had to the Records of the Verderors Court, in which all Presentments are entered that are made by the Under Keepers of the respective 3 Walks.

ip Geo. III. 240 ~

Walks. There is, no Doubt, iome Wade committed, but less than in any other Forest; and he recommends that-Inclosures be made, where the Soil is most proper for the Growth of Navy Timber, and that, when made, the Fences be kept in Repair.

(Signed) Philip Jennings . 15th 1787.

N* 16.

The Answer of Charles Lord , One of the

Rangers of the New Forest, and Master Keeper of Jftjley Walk, in the said Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated ift June 1787.

The Duty of Master Keeper, from long Usage, has been little or none, the Groom Keeper being always on the Spot, and answerable for what may happen, to the present, as well as succeeding Lord Wardens. The Office of Ranger is an entire Sinecure. — Lord Cadogan was appointed by His Royal Highness the Duke of Glouceft during Pleasure — No Rents or Collections are received by any Master Keeper. — The Ranger’s Salary is 13. 4. per

Annum, paid by the Lord Warden’s Deputy, which is the Whole of his Profit — There are no Fees or Emoluments, except One Fee Buck as Ranger, and another as Master Keeper, Annually — There is a House for the Groom Keeper, which he inhabits — Neither Master Keeper or Ranger have any Cognizance of the Articles relative to Timber or Wood — It is impossible to ascertain the Number of Bucks and Does in any particular Walk, as they are at full Liberty t6 range all over the Forest — The Disposition of the Venison has been at all Times in the Lord Warden, whose Deputy can give the best Account thereof — There never has been any Allowance for Hay, Corn, or other Food for the Deer — Lord Cadogan refers to Mr. Mansfield, the Law Steward of the Forest, for Answer to the Enquiries concerning In-trufions, Incroachments, Waste, Spoil, or other Abuses.

(Signed) .

8th June 1789.

N* 11.

The Answer of Stanley George Heywood, Esquire, High Woodward of the New Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, dated ift June 1787.

I understand the Office of Woodward and his Deputy is to inspect and attend all Business in the Forest, and to be present at the Assignments of Timber. I am appointed by Patent under Seal; I am accountable for the Money raised by taking up the old Moores in the Forest, and which is applied to the Payment of the Regarders, Sales, &c. the Surplus to be accounted for, which, with the Vouchers, are ready when called for; there is also Money from call Timber not fit for the Navy, which is also employed for the Payment of Regarders and Expences, the Moor Wood not producing near enough for the Disbursement. The Salary is £. Year, paid by the Lord Warden’s Contract. I have no"casual Fees; the only Emolument arises from the small Quantity of Bark taken from the Oak cut for the Tenants Repairs or Fuel, which barely pays the Expence of attending that Duty. The Timber usually cut for the Surveyor’s Contract amounts to 500 Loads of Oak, and 50 Beech Trees; for the Lord Warden’s Contract, Vol. XLIV.

miL 58

370 Loads of Oak, and 50 Beech Trees, with 800 Load for Fuel; much the greatest Part of which of bad Beech; but there have been, within about Four Years, Two extraordinary Orders for Timber. The Bucks are disposed of by Order of the Lord Warden; whose Deputy will probably account for them. No Hay or other Feed is allowed for the Deer — All Offenders for Intrusions, &c. are brought before the Verderors Courts — Mr. Mansfield, the Law Steward, holds these Courts, and can give the most certain Information. I have not lately had atiy Spoil or Waste reported to me; no Doubt such Things happen; but all the Power we have is exerted to the utmost to prevent it.

(Signed) S. Geo. Heywood,

High Woodward of the New.

25th June 1787'.

NB 12.

The Examination of Thomas Jeans, Deputy Woodward, and One of the Regarders of the New Forest; taken on Oath, the Twenty-first Day of November 1788.

This Examinant faith. That he was appointed Deputy Woodward of the New Forest in the Year 1772. His Salary is Fifty Pounds per ,paid by the High Woodward. He takes as Perquisites for the High Woodward the Bark of all Timber allowed to the Tenants of the-Forest for Repairs, which amounts to about Eight or Ten Pounds a Year; and for his own Use the Lops and Tops of such Timber, which produce, on an Average, about Twelve Pounds per Annum; and also, Two Shillings for every Ticket issued to the Moorwood Diggers, of which Sixteen are issued Yearly: The Use of those Tickets is to authorize them to dig the Moors or Roots of Trees in the Forest. He has also an Assignment of Four Loads of Fuel Wood for his owta Use,-as Deputy Woodward. He attends at aligning all Fuel Wood cut in the Forest, and Timber allowed to the Tenants for Repairs; he authorizes the digging of Moor Wood, and disposes of it, and takes Charge of all Windfall Timber and Wood in the Forest; but he has never attended the marking of Timber for the Navy or for Sale, Of for any other Purpose, except in the Year 1772, when he’ attended the assigning of Trees for fencing the Inclosures then ordered to be made, being requested by the then Purveyor and Deputy Surveyor to assist them on that Occasion, for the Sake of Dispatch, and except when he has been in the Forest on other Occasions. The Fuel Wood is assigned by him, in Conjundlion with the Purveyor of the Navy, and in the Presence of Five or Six Regarders, and sometimes more. The Deputy Surveyor does not attend the assigning of Fuel Wood or Tenants Repair Timber. The Kinds of Wood now assigned for Fuel are inferior Beech and some Birch, of which there is very little in the Forest; a great deal of Oak was formerly assigned for Fuel, but none since the Appointment of the present Purveyor, excepting a small Quantity during the First Year after his Appointment. Most of the Fuel Wood is fold, and applied to various Uses; the principal Part of it for Trucks and Rails for the Newcastle Coal Trade, and for Card Boards for dressing of Wool. The Wood is felled by the Parties, and commonly worked up for those Uses in the Forest: No Time is limited for taking it away, and Instances have happened of more Trees being taken than were assigned. The Kinds of Wood assigned for Repairs is small ferubbed Oak, unfit for the Navy, which is also marked by the Purveyor in the Presence of the Regarders. It is assigned in purfu-

7 I ance

A. 1789

ance of Warrants issued by the Steward of the Manor, and after it is felled it is measured by the Purveyor, and delivered to the Tenants, and the Tops and Bark are fold for the Use of the High and Under Woodward. That the Moor Wood dug in the Forest is commonly fold for making Charcoal, and delivered by the Rcgarders; the Beech Moor Wood is sold at about Twelve Shillings, and the Oak at about Fifteen Shillings, the Coal Fire (which is a Pile of Six Fathom long, Three Feet high, and Two Feet wide) out of which the Diggers are paid Eight Shillings, or Eight and Six Pence per Coal Fire for raising it. When Windfall Trees are found in the Forest, if fit for the Use of the Navy, they are delivered to the Purveyor, and the Lops and Tops, or the whole Tree, if unfit for Naval Use, are valued by the Rcgarders, and fold generally to those who buy the Moor Wood. The Sales of Cast Timber and Moor Wood are by private Contract; the Money arising from them is received by this Examinant, and accounted for to the High Woodward. The Windfall Timber taken for the Navy is paid for by Navy Bills issued to the High Woodward.

This Examinant is also one of the Regarders of the New Forest; he was chosen about the Year 1775, or

1776, by the Freeholders of the County.

A certain Number of the Regarders are always present at the marking of ail Trees cut for the Navy, for Sale, for Repairs, or for any other Purpose, and none can be marked for felling but in the Presence of 'Three Regarders at the least; that they are allowed Two Shillings and Six Pence fer Day for every Day they aftiially attend on any Business of the Forest; that such of the Regarders as attend the marking of Fuel Wood and Repair Timber are paid by the Woodward, and such as attend the marking of Timber for the Navy, or for Sale, or few any Purpose in the Department of the Surveyor General, are paid by the Deputy Surveyor. That the present Deputy Surveyor is also a Regarder, and it has been custdmary for the Deputy Surveyor and Deputy Woodward to pay each other the Regarder's Fee for the whole Number of Days on which any Business is done in the Forest by eithef of them, although the Deputy Surveyor does not actually attend the aligning of Fuel or Repair Timber, nor the Deputy Woodward on the marking Timber for the Navy or for Sale. That the Fees received by this Examinant as Regarder have amounted to about Sixteen Pounds per Annum: That there have been several Inclosures made in the Forest since his Appointment, particularly the large Inclosure in Wilverley Walk, made about the Year 1772;

That before that IndofuroJKas made, the Ground was covered with Thorns, Furze, and Hollies, which were all cut up and fold before the inclosure was planted; and that there was at that Time a great Stock of Rabbits in that Part of the Walk: That this Inclosure has not produced any young Timber, but is now a Waste, owing, as he believes, to the cutting of the Cover, which, he thinks, would have nursed up the young Trees, and protected them against the Rabbits: And he observed at that Time to the Deputy Surveyor, that it was not likely that any young Timber would grow there after the Cover was setroyed.

(Signed) Thomas Jeans.

N* 13.

The Return of Richard , Under

Steward of New Forest, to the Requisition of Sir Charles Middleton, Baronet, and John Call, Esquire; bearing Date the ift of June 1787, for Answers to several Points of Enquiry relative to New Forest.

To the ift 7 The Duty of the Office of Under Srew-Enquiry.,) ard of New Forest is to attend at and inroll all the Proceedings of the Courts of Attachment and Swanimote, to inroll all Appointments of Officers elected by the Lord Warden of the Forest for the Time being, to inroll all Licences to sport in the Forest, to inroll such Treasury Warrants for cutting Timber as are transmitted by the Deputy Surveyor for that Purpose. The further Duty of the Under Steward is to hold the Court Leet for the Hundred of New Forest, at which all the Peace Officers are elected, and likewise to hold the Courts Baron for the Manor of Lyndburjl, which belongs to the Lord Warden for the Time being. Besides these Official Acts, the Under Steward utiially solicits all Crown Prosecutions for Offences committed in the Forest, as well as Prosecutions before Justices of the Peace for the like Offences; and if any of the Rights of the Forest are infringed, he is generally employed to defend them.

To the ad. The Under Steward is always appointed by the Lord Warden for the Time being.

To the 3d. The Appointment is during Pleasure.

To the 4th. No Rents or Collections are received by the Under Steward, except some small Fines on Convictions in the Court of Attachment, and except the Fines of the Manor of > for . which he

accounts to His Royal Highness the Duke of Cloucejltr, :as Lord Warden.

To 5th, 6th, and 7th. The Under Steward has no Salary, nor any Messuage or Tenement; his Fees arise from the Business of the Courts of Attachment and Swanimote, and the Manerial Currs> which are paid by Individuals, except an old Charge of,£. 1, 5. for attending each Attachment Court, charged to the Account of the Lord Warden. Fees are likewise paid for the Entries of Appointments, and Warrants for cutting Timber, viz'. One Guinea for each Appointment, and Half a Guinea for each Treasury Warrant, or more, if long, or attended with Estimates. The Under Steward issues no Warrant for Timber, except a very few for the Repair of certain Copyholds in the Manor of Lyndburjl, presented at the General Michaelmas Court Baron to be out of Repair, or wanting Ploughboot or Cartboot, by the Homage of the Manor of Lyndburjl, and for these he receives only the old Fee of is. 6d. each. The Profits arising from Forest Prosecutions, and other casual Business, are of course uncertain, being in Proportion to the Trouble attending such Business.

To the 8th, 9th, and 10th. For the Quantity of Timber, Number of Deer, Incroachments, and In-trufions, coming under these Enquiries, it is submitted that the necessary Information may belt be had by Reference to the Returns made to the same Enquiries by the Surveyor, Deputy Surveyor, Woodward, Under Woodward, Regarders, Keepers, Under Keepers, and others under whose immediate Care and Inspection these Matters respectively come.

To the nth. The Timber is much protested by the Act of 6th Geo. III. before which Time Prosecutions were so flow and expensive, that Capital Offenders often escaped Punishment, and the Practice of ctiOting and dealing Timber was then much greater than it is at present. However, notwithstanding ua-der that Act it is Felony to cut or steal Timber in the

Night,

Night, many have ventured to do it, and but One Prosecution has taken Place in the New in consequence of the Act, though some Offenders have left the Country upon the Report of Informations. It is here submitted, that if Informers and Accomplices were to be well rewarded for the Discovery of such Offences committed in the Night, it would in great Measure be the Means of preventing the m; but at present no Provision is made for such Rewards. The like Offences are now but seldom committed in the Day Time, because the Penalties are heavy, an'd Informers are encouraged by being entitled to a Moiety of the Penalty. It would be the further Means of detesting such Offences committed either in the Day or Night, if some Provision was made for paying to Keepers and others all reasonable Charges for their Trouble and Expence in prosecuting, before Justices of the Peace or otherwise; for at present, when an Offender is convicted before a Justice of Peace for any Offence against the Timber or Deer, and unable to pay the Penalty, there is no Fund to answer the Expence of Prosecution (except that of the Peace Officers in carrying Offenders to Gaol, which the Justices at their Quarter Sessions have sometimes refused to allow) and when Conviction does not take Place, the Charges are also unpaid, which is a Discouragement to Officers of the Forest in the Execution of their Duty. All Allowances of this Kind might be fixed by a Justice of Peace, in Proportion to the Trouble and Expence of Parties with Reference to some Fund.

It occurs further, in Answer to this Enquiry, to suggest that the Permission of Under Keepers for poor People to enter their Walks with Carts, for picking up dead Wood, is a great Detriment to the Timber. Under Pretence of buying and taking dead Wood, such Persons often lop large Trees, and destroy young Trees, concealing the green Wood under the dead Wood. The Owners of these Carts supply the Bakers and others in the neighbouring Towns with Wood j and it would be for the Benefit of the Forest to put them under such Restrictions as to prevent their Depredations. Within late Years it has been the Practice of mischievous Persons to burn the Heath, Fern, and Furze of the Forest, whereby young Trees are often destroyed; ar.>d some Law is wanting to punish severely this Offence, and to give Encouragement for Detection.

The many Cottages which have been unlawfully erected in the Forest are great Nuisancesj they harbour Persons who live by plundering xhe Forest. If it was determined by Act of Parliament that all such Erections built since some fixed Period Should be deemed unlawful, and an Order made for taking them down after proper Not ice, both the Timber and Deer would be better preserved. It is true that such Intruders are now liable to Prosecutions in the Exchequer, but a summary and less expensive Mode of Proceeding against Cottagers in Possession is wanted to prevent Litigation and Difficulty. These Buildings are now less frequently erected than they used to be, because the Keepers have been lately enjoined not to connive at them. Regular Returns of the Number of Cottages in each Walk would serve to prevent their Increase.

The Warrants above mentioned, in Answer to the 6th Enquiry, issued by the Under Steward for Repair Timber, agreeable to the Presentment of the Court, are executed with the Privity of the Deputy Surveyor of the Forest, and Purveyor, and other Officers, so that there can be no Excess in the Quantity or Quality of the Timber assigned; but it is suspected that more Timber is often presented than is necessary, and that when such Timber is assigned it is not always converted to the proper Uses. If therefore some Forest Officer was appointed to sign his Allowance of every

Presentment of Timber, before it was given in to the Under Steward holding the Court, and after the Assignment, to fee that it was properly converted, it might be the Means of preventing Abuses with respect to Repair Timber.

R. F.

Ringwood, 29th June 1787. Under Steward.

In Addition to the above Answers and Observa-tiens, it appears to me, that Care in the Choice of proper Parts of the Forest for Inclosures, and great Attention to the Cultivation of Timber in such Inclosures, and preserving the Fences of the fame, are ef-' fencially necessary towards continuing a durable Supply of Timber from New j the Necessity of

which seems to be the greater, on Account of the Decrease of Timber belonging to private People, and of the Decline of private Nurseries for Timber.

t R. F. Mansfield,.

Under Steward.

N# 14.

Extracts of Two Letters from Richard Fezard Mansfield, Esquire, Under Steward of the New Forest-, dated Ringwood, 24th June and I2t|i July 1789. '

" With respect to the Annual Amount of my Fees,

I have made as good a Calculation as lays in m-y Power, without having kept any particular Account of them for Ten Years past, and think that I may, on a moderate Computation, set the Annual Average Amount at £.80, which includes Official Business only, but no Kind of Crown Prosecutions, either fuel) as are paid by the Treasury, or summary Proceedings before Justices, nor any other Contingent Matters relative to the Forest, wherein I am consulted or concerned as an Attorney or Solicitor, though such Bu-finess of course arises from my Connection with the Forest. The Fee of £. 1. 5. is only paid for attending such Forest Courts; vSwanimote or Attachment, as are held or summoned, and does not extend to any particular Number which might be held according to the Laws of the Forest. It often happens that a Court is summoned, and an Attendance at Lyndhurst takes Place in Consequence, though no Court is held for Want of Two Verderors."

24th June 1789.

ft The High Steward of New Forest has no Salary or Perquisites, except an old Annual Fee of 5 Guineas, which is paid by the Lord Warden, and a Fee Buck and Doe. It may be considered as a Sinecure Place, except that, when this Officer chuses it, he gives a Charge at the Swanimote Court. The Office is usually filled by a Barrister, and was formerly ah Office of great Honour."

(Signed) R. F. Mansfield.

12th July 1789.

N° 15.

The Examination of Nassau,

Gentleman, One of the Regarders of the New Forest-, taken on Oath, the Twenty-second Day of November 1788.

This Examinant upon his Oath faith, That he is One of the Regarders of the New Forest, and chosen in the Year 1783 by the Freeholders of the County, and holds no other Office within the Forest: That the Duty of the Regarders is to fee Justice done between the King and Claimants bn the Fordl, ro 9 inspect

24° Julii.

A. 1789.

inspect all Offences, Incroachments, or Trespasses, whether by Forest Officers or others, in Vert and Vc-nilon, and to examine and attest the Accounts of those Officers; that he receives no Rents or Collections whatsoever, and has no Annual Salary, being

Eaid only Two Shillings and Six Pence Day when e attends on Duty as Regarder, either in the Department of the Surveyor General, Lord Warden, or Woodward; that he occupies no Messuage or Tenement as a Regarder, and receives no Fee or Emolument whatever, except the Two Shillings and Six Pence per Day, as before mentioned; that his Grand-

father having been Steward to the Duke of , as Lord Warden, coming with his Grace to reside in the Forest, about the Year One thousand and Seven hundred, and his Father having held the Office of Deputy Surveyor for many Years, and this Examinant being possessed of many of the Books and Papers belonging to each of these Offices, while they were executed by them, he has been thereby enabled to discover in what Manner the Business of the Forest was transacted in their Time, and to judge of the Changes which have taken Place since} that amongst other Books he has in his Possession an antient One, intituled, " New Forest Fuel Book, 1725," a Copy of which Book he has now delivered to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, with a Column added to it, containing a List of the Fuel Wood now delivered, copied from the Accounts which he himself keeps as a Regarder; that he has also delivered to them a Survey of the growing Trees in this Forest fit for the Navy, taken in the Year 1707; and also Relit Rolls of th several Bailiwicks, Hundreds, and Tythings, for the Year 1705; and also a Rental Book, intituled, New Forest Rolls, Mich’ 1728 ;" also a List of the Keepers Nobles for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen; and an Account between Francis Whitworth, Surveyor General, and his Deputy, for the Year 1738 and 1739, settled by Me Whitworth on the Seventeenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Forty: That this Examinant did himself live in the Forest in the early Part of his Life, and was frequently employed in the Bu-finess of the Forest, and in copying Papers relative thereto, both by his Father, then Deputy Surveyor, and Mr. tiinxman,the High Woodward; and that in those

Times no Regarder held any other Office in the Forest, and that every Account of every other Officer of the Forest was submitted to their Examination, and am sted by Two or more of them, before it was admitted or passed; that when any Repairs were required for the Lodges or Outhouses of the Master or Linder Keepers, the Premisses were viewed by the Regarders hnd Deputy Surveyor, who signed a Representation of the Defects, and Necessity of Repairs; and that when the Order came from the Treasury for the Reparation, they attended to the Execution; and when the Work was Bnished it was again viewed by the Regarders, and the Undertaker was not discharged until they had signified their Approbation of the Execution of the Work: That it appears also to this Examinant, that all Sales in every Department within the Forest, whether of Wood, Lop, Top, or Bark, were at that Time public Sales by Auction; that the Regarders also attended the laying out of Inclosures, the making of Fences, and the planting of Acorns; that in general Four or more Regarders attended the marking of all Trees, cither for the Navy, Fuel, Repairs, or Sale; that in the Execution of these various Branches of their Duty they were then much more employed in going through the different Parts of the Forest than they now are, and had much better Opportunity of discovering or preventing Offences than they now have; that it was their Cullom, when they found any Trees or Wood improperly cut, to have it carried immediately to the

Keeper in whose Walk it was found; and when they discovered any Person guilty of a Trespass, to seize them immediately, and present them at the next Attachment Court, and that their Expences incurred in so doing were re-paid to them by the Deputy Surveyor} that the Business in this Forest is not now carried on in the same Manner; that the Four mod: executive Officers, being the Deputy Surveyor, Purveyor of the Navy, the Deputy Woodward, and the Lord Warden’s Steward, are all Regarders; and that though each of these Officers attends to the felling of Timber within his own Department, yet it is not the Custom of the Deputy Woodward to attend as a Regarder when Timber is felled for the Navy, either in the Deputy Surveyor’s or Lord Warden’s Departments; nor does the Deputy Surveyor usually attend when Trees are felled for Fuel or Repairs, under the Direction of the Deputy Woodward, or when the Navy Timber is felled, under the Direction of the Lord Warden’s Steward, although they pay to eafch other the common Allowance of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Day, in the same Manner as if due Attendance was given; and that more than One Day’s previous Notice is seldom given to other Regarders to attend, either by the Deputy Surveyor, Deputy Woodward, or Lord Warden’s Steward, when any Trees are to be felled; that the Regarders are not now called out on any other Duty than that of marking or felling of Trees; that no Account whatever of any Officer has been submitted to their Examination since his Appointment, except the Accounts of the Sales of the Tops of Naval Timber, and the Accounts of the Allowances or Wages to the Regarders; that they have not been called upon to view Lodges for which Repairs are demanded, nor to inspect the Execution of the Work after they have been repaired; that they have not for the last Twenty Years, as he has heard and believes, been desired to attend the laying out Inclosures, making Fences, or planting Acorns; and that no Regarder has any Superintendance on those who are now employed in planting the vacant Places in the Inclosures, or in the Reparation of the Fences; and that this Examinant has been informed by the Deputy Surveyor, that any Prosecution against those who have made small Incroachments on the Forest, or who have been guilty of Trespasses on the Vert or Venison, must be laid out by the Regarders themselves, as he has no Authority to re-pay them; that the Regarders are by these Means deprived of the Opportunity and the Power of preventing Offences, or of bringing Offenders to Punishment; and that both the great Officers in the Forest, and the Inhabitants of lower Rank, now take Liberties in making Incroachments, in cutting of F’ern, Furze, and Turf, in improper Places, which he is of Opinion they would not venture upon if the Regarders were permitted and encouraged to act as formerly. And this Examinant further faith. That the Fuel Wood, which is assigned as formerly, is not now consumed as Fuel, but that great Part of it is fold for Trucks, Rails, Card"Boards, and other Purposes; that when Trees are assigned for Fuel, no Time is positively fixed for cutting them down, or carrying them away, and that being left to the Discretion of the Persons to whom they are assigned, no Officer of the Forest has Notice so as to guard against the cutting down other Trees besides those allotted, and that he knows such Offences have oftentimes been committed; that since the Appointment of the present Deputy Surveyor the Bark of Naval Trees has generally been fold privately, and that the Lop and Top have been sold by public Auction, but that the cutting oft' the Tops has beeh left to be done by the Purchaser, which he thinks leaves Room for Abides, which are not sufficiently guarded against by the Tree having been previously rased by the Purveyor, more especially as the Persons employed tQ rafe them off by the Purveyor are generally concerned in the Purchase; and this Examinant has Reason to believe that Knees of Timber have frequently been carried away by the Purchasers of the Tops: That the Bark of the Three hundred and Seventy Loads of NavalTimber, under the Direction of the Lord Warden’s Deputy, is not sold by public Auction, but that the Lops and Tops are fold publicly; that the Tops and Lops are cut and disposed of in the same Manner as those under the Direction of the Surveyor; that the Bark, Lops, and Tops of the Repair Timber are fold privately; that from the Want of a proper Check upon the Application of the Repair Timber to the Purpose for which it was assigned, this Examinant has Reason to believe that a great deal is otherwise disposed of, and that the Repairs not being effectually made, fresh Application is in a few Years made for an additional Quantity, and the Request has too often been granted; that the Keepers, as well as the Regarders, are prevented from presenting Offences, no Courts of Attachment or Swanimote being now held, and they are discouraged from prosecuting Offenders before a Justice of the Peace, by Means of the great Expence of such Prosecutions, and the Uncertainty of Re-payment in case the Offenders Should not be convicted, the Expence thereof for the most trivial Offence being at least Thirty Shillings; and that they are less rigid in preventing small Incroachments, Intrusions, and Trespasses, from an Apprehension that the People, if irritated, might set fire to the Cover, and endanger the Forest; that this has frequently been done, and as the Detedion is difficult, the Punishment Should be made more severe, and some Reward given for the Discovery of the Offenders; that the cutting of Fern, Furze, and Browse Wood, the Deer themselves, and the Admission of Colts at all Seasons, are extremely detrimental to the Growth of young Trees ;and that considerable Injury is often done by the Colliers, who have ah Opportunity of cutting or lopping Trees near their Coal Hearths, without Risk of Detection; that the Forest Should be cleared of Colts, Cattle, and Swine, during the Fence Month and Winter Haining; and that the Marksmen Should, at their Drifts, be obliged to give up the Names of the Proprietors of Cattle under their Care, on Oath, so as the Intrusion of Cattle belonging to People who have no Right to Common might be prevented; and that this Examinant is of Opinion that the Pounds, and the different Bridges in the Forest, Should be repaired.

(Signed) Coleman.

N* 16.

The Answer of John Richard Earl De Matter Keeper of Bolderwood and Walks, in New Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated the ift Day of June 1787.

Lord De Lawarr was appointed Matter Keeper of Bolderwood and Eyeworth Walks, in the New Forest, by the Lord Warden, during Pleasure. The Duty of his Office is to preserve the Vert and Venison; he receives no Salary by virtue of his Office, nor any Emoluments, save Two Bucks from each Walk; he occupies Bolderwood Lodge, which is in very'good Repair, and about Twenty-seven Acres of Meadow Ground thereto adjoining; there is also a Keeper’s Lodge in each Walk, and about Nine Acres of Land, occupied by the Groom Keeper of Bolderwood, and afymt Three or Four Acres by the other Groom Keeper; he receives 15 Loads of Fuel Wood for the Consumption of Bolderwood Lodge, and there is also Vot. XLIV.

an Allowance for the Keepers Lodges: There may be 6 or 700 Deer of all Kinds in Bolderwood , and perhaps aoo or 450 in Eyeworth Walk. He executes no Warrants but for the l Bucks for each Walk before-mentioned. The Keepers report Annually what Number of Bucks they can afford to kill in each Walk to the Steward of the Forest, and the Warden issues his Warrant accordingly. No Food is bought for the Deer. He knows not of any Intrusions or Incroachments in the Walks of Bolderwood and Eyeworth: There are many Abuses in the Forest; and the Increase of Timber would undoubtedly be promoted if it was not thought necessary to cut the Thorns for the Use of the Deer, and if the Hogs could be kept out of the Forest, or if they were all ringed, but must leave it to others to point out the proper Remedy for the various Abuses that exist there*

(Signed) De Lawarr.

N" 17.

The Answer of Peter Batburst, Esquire, Master Keeper of Broomey Walk, in the New Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated the ift of June 1787.

As Matter Keeper he is sworn to take Care of the Vert and Venison; he is appointed by Warrant from the Duke of Gloucester, during Pleasure; has no Salary, Fees, or Emoluments, but the Privilege of killing small Game'in the Walk, and a Brace of Bucks Annually, for which he pays the usual Fees to the Keeper, being a Guinea and a Crown each Buck; a Brace of Does are also the Right of the Matter Keeper, but, by Delire of the Duke o are not taken.

There is a Lodge called Broomy Lodge, in which there-is an Apartgipnt of Kitchen, Parlour, and Two Bedchambers, for th^ Matter Keeper; the Building is said to have cost 6 or 700 Yen Years ago, but ought not to have cost above £.100, with the old Materials. He does not know what Timber or Wood, is cut in the Forest, and he receives none for any Purpose whatever. He supposes there are about or 500 Deer in his Walk. The Under Keeper reports Annually what Number may be killed, and on that Report the Duke of Gloucester's Steward makes out the Venison Warrants. No Hay, Corn, or other Food is purchased for the Deer; they are fed with Browse from the Holly, Thorn, or Alh. He does not think that any material Incroachments have been made in his Walk lince he was appointed Matter Keeper; when he has been informed that any has been begun, he has always directed the Groom Keeper to report the same to the Verderors, and the Fence has been taken down. He refitted a Claim made under the Name of Ogden's Purlieu, and the Claim was given up. He believes a great deal of Watte has been committed, but cannot point out how it is to be guarded against. .

(Signed)

Matter Keeper of Broomy Lodge, New.

N* 18.

The Answer of Edward Morant, Esquire, Matter Keeper of Lady Cro/s and Whitley Ridge Walks^ in the New Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated ift June 1787. 1

I was appointed Matter Keeper of Lady Cro/s and Whitley Ridge Walks by Warrant from the Lord Warden, during Pleasure. The Duty of my Office is tp

7 K 1 preserve

586 24° Julii. A. 1789.

preserve the Vert and Venison in those Walks as much as in my Power lies. Have no Salary nor any Fees or Emoluments, except a Buck and a Doe from each Walk, the First only taken. The Timber and Wood are out of the Department of Master Keeper. I have Fuel from the Forest in Right of my Property, but none as Master Keeper. The Venison Warrants go to the Under Keepers, and their Report to me -is as follows: *« In both our Walks there are of Bucks and Does 600, as near as we can calculate. This Year " there will be killed on Whitley Ridge 6 Brace, and on Lady Cross Walk c Brace of Bucks, including One Buck from each Walk for His Majesty; there are in general a Doe killed on each Walk for the Use of His Majesty; also a Brace from each Walk for the Use of the Alh People. There is no Hay or Corn purchased, although we are otherwise at great Expence in keeping of Servants to look after die Deer. (Signed) Wm Piper and Rich1 The Information desired concerning Intrusions or Incroachments must be got from the Under Keepers, and the Records of the Verderors Courts. The Inclosures ought to be kept up, and for that Purpose proper Persons should be appointed to attend to them when necessary.

(Signed) Edward Morant.

N* 19.

The Answer of Nathaniel , Esquire, Master

Keeper of Rhinefield and Wilverley , and Deputy to the Lord Warden of New , to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated ift June 1787.

I consider myself as holding Two Offices, One as Master Keeper, the other as Deputy to the Lord Warden. The Duty of Master Keeper is to be a Check upon the Proceedings of the Groom Keeper, who is charged with the Preservation (as far as in his Power) of the Timber, Venison, and Game, and to prevent Incroachments.

The Duty of the Deputy to the Lord Warden is to superintend the Whole, to be careful to make the Groom Keepers do their Duty, who report their Proceedings to him, and to attend to all Transactions in the Forest.

I am appointed by the Lord Warden, during Pleasure.

I have no Salary whatever, either as Master Keeper or Deputy to the Lord Warden.

As Master Keeper of RhinefieI occupy the Lodge, with a small Inclosure round the House, of very little Value.

Of the Timber cut on Account of the Lord Warden’s Contract, I am, as Deputy to the Lord Warden, to give an Account. That Contract was made for Twenty Years, and ends in April 1789; it was made for the Payment of the Keepers Salaries, as well as that of the Woodward and his Deputy, and all other incidental Charges in executing the Business of the Forest. The Quantity for that Contract amounts to 370 Loads of Oak Timber, and 50 Beech Trees, for the Dock Yard; which in general produces about £. 900; and there is also a small Sum raised from the Tops and Bark of the said Timber, all which Tops, &c. arc sold by public Auction, and brought to Account for the Payment of Taxes and other Charges at the King’s House at Lyndburst. The Accounts for the above Sums are dated Annually, which, together with the Vouchers, are ready when called for.

The Quantity of Timber usually cut by the Surveyor General is 500 Loads of Oak, and Fifty Beech Trees; the Quantity for Fuel is about 800 Loads; the Timber for Repairs uncertain.

The Disposition of the Venison has at alL Times been made by the Order of the Lord Warden.

The exatt Number of Deer cannot be ascertained, as they range at full Liberty all over the Forest; the Increase however is certainly very great, which is owing to a strict Observance of the Lord Warden’s Orders to preserve the Does; for when he was first appointed, we found very few Bucks fit to kill, so much so, that the preceding Lord Warden obtained an Order from the Lords of the Treasury, that no Does Should be killed for Five Years; at the Expiration of which Time the Increase was not found iuffi-cient, and the present Warden continued Orders to the Keepers not to kill any, except Four Brace for His Majesty’s Use, and they are in general not fat or fit to kill, owing to having no Allowance for Hay or other Feed in the Winter.

The Return of Bucks this Year amounts to Seventy-nine Brace and a Half, which greatly exceeds any Return for the last Forty Years; they are difpqfed as follows:

For His Majesty’s and the Cofferer’s Office 23 Brace; for Compositions to Gentlemen: who have Woods and Estates upon the Borders, for Leave to the Keepers to range their Woods, Eleven Brace; the Annual Warrants to the Verderors, the Master' Keepers, and other Warrants, for Justices of the Peace who act for the Forest, and other Gentlemen, which have been at all Times given by old Custom,’ amount in the Whole to 64'Brace: It may be proper to observe, that: Eight or Ten Brace is generally kept back, as we have often found the Keepers return more than they can kill, without hurting their Walks; the rest are reserved as usual, for the Presents from the Lord Warden, if he chuses to make ahy.

All Offenders for Intrusions, &c. are brought before the Verderors Courts, and are upon Record. - The Law Steward (Mr. Mansfield, of,) can give

the Particulars, as he holds those Courts. '

No Abuses, or Spoil, or Waste have lately been reported to me; no Doubt such Things happen, but what Power we have is exerted as much as possible to prevent them.

There may, without Doubt, be many Regulations made which would be of great Advantage to His Majesty’s Timber and Estate; such. as Inclosures for the Growth, made in good Soil, and nqt too large for the InspedHop of the Keepers in whose Walks they are made. The last Inclosures are vastly too large, and placed in very improper Soil, which is the Reason many of them did not succeed.

The cutting the Fern must certainly destroy many young Trees.

To prevent strange Cattle being driven upon the Commonage.

An Allowance for Hay in the Winter for the Deer wotild make the browsing unnecessary, which would preserve the Brush and Underwood, and of course raise a great many young Trees.

The Browse is taken from Boughs and Branches of different Kind of Underwood; from long Observation I am convinced this last Measure would be of the greatest Utility.

The repairing the Bridges and Passages over the Bogs would facilitate the Keepers Duty; by keeping open the Communication from one Part to another, they could more easily prevent Smugglers and Stragglers from committing Outrages in their Walks; formerly that was much attended to, and it is not for Want of representing that they are not properly reoaired at present. (Given under my Hand, the 20th Ot June 1787).

(Signed) N. JIcy wood, _

Master Keeper and

Deputy Warden.

4 N* 20.

zp Geo. III.

z 4° Julii.

587

N° 20.

The Examination of ‘Thomas Holloway, Groom Keeper of Burley and Holmejley ,in the JVew For eft; taken on Oath, the 21st Day of November 1788.

This Examinant upon his Oath faith. That he is

assigned there, all which are received Annually, and accounted for by this Examinant t;o his Grace the Duke of Bolton: That there has been but One Wind-fallen Tree in his Walks since his Appointment, of which he gave Notice to the Purveyor, that he might take it if it should be found fit for Naval Ufc, but being rejected as unfit, he disposed of it: That he commonly pays Nine Shillings a Coalfire for taking up Moorwood, and that the usual Price at which he

Groom Keeper of Burley and Holmejley Walks, in rite fells it, is about Fourteen or Fifteen Shillings a Coai-New For eft, by Appointment of His Grace the Duke fire. That his Disbursements in the Execution of his of Bolton: That he was appointed Keeper of Burley Office are for keeping Five Horses, with the Expence Walk, in or about the Year 1781, and Keeper of of One Waggon* Two Carts, Saddle^, Harnest, ana Holmejley Walk, in or about the Year 1785, upon the Tools, about, Fifty Pounds; for Hounds and Spaniels Death of Gregory Goff, late Keeper of that Walk: about Six Pounds a Year, and for Wages and Board

That the Duty of his Office is to preserve the Vert of Five Men Servants and One Maid Servant, about and Venison, and all other of His Majesty’s Rights One hundred Pounds: That he Annually cuts as

within his Walk: That there is a large House called the Matter Keeper’s Lodge, with about Thirty-five Acres of inclosed Land belonging to it, mostly very poor Soil, in which House the Duke of Bolton resides when in the Forest; but his Grace not being the re very often, or for a long Continuance, this Examinant, by his Grace’s Order, takes Care of that House, and conttantly lives in it: That there is an Under Keeper’s Lodge, and about Five Acres and Half of inclosed

much Browse Wood for the Deer as he thinks necessary, according to the Season, and in such Places as he thinks proper, chiefly from the Tops of Hollies and Thorns,:. That if the Browse be cut from the Tops of Hollies and Thorns only, and in a proper Manner, he does not think it prejudicial to the Forest; but the cutting off the lower Branches of Thorns and Hollies he thinks detrimental to the Growth of Timber, by destroying the Cover which protects the young Trees

Land belonging to Burley Walk, worth together about and Shoots: That he. thinks Browsing Tieceflary for Seven Pounds; and also an Under Keeper’s Lodge, the Suften&nce of the Deer in Winter; and that if a and about Four Acres of Land, belonging to Holme/Uy Stop was put to the cutting of Browse Wood, there Lodge, worth about Six Pounds -per Annum; both- would be required Yearly about Three Tons of Hay which Lodges are occupied by M,en employed by this for every Hundred Deer, to winter them: That there Examinant in taking ;Care of his Walks; and this is not any Fuel Wood assigned in and

Examinant has tl^e Benefit of both those Houses, and that the Quantity assigned in Burley Walk, exclusive the Land belonging to them, and aUb of the Land of what-is allowed for the Lodges, is about Twenty-belonging to the preat! Lodge, in the Abfeqce of the |wo Loads: That he always attends the marking, and Matter Keeper, worth 'about Fifteen Pounds per An- as far as he is able, the felling of the Fuel Wood, and hum: That his Salary asKeeper of Burley Walk, is yfes his best Endeavour's "to~ prevent more being cut Thirty Pounds per Annum, paid by the Duke of Bol- pan is assigned.: That the greatest Part} of the Fuel ton, and he has an Annual Assignment of Fuel Wood Wood fs fold either Handing or after it is felled, and from the Forest for thajt Walk, to the Valqe of Ten rriuch of it' is cut into Rails and Truck Wheels in the Pounds or thereabouts. He receives- no Salary as Forest for the Coal Works at Newsastle, and a great Keeper of Hplmeftey Walk, but h^s a like Assignment deal of the Wood sold to the Charcoal, Burners; and 1 of Fuel Wopd, and- also an Assignment for the Matter he believes only a small Part is really, yfed for Fuel: Keeper^ of 'j'wenty Loads, for the Use of the Lodge, That there are Four or Five Coal Hearths' in Use for and Five Loads for the Use of the Dog Kennel, which making Charcoal in his Walk, all in the Woods, and this Examinant has the Benefit of in th£ ffbfence of fenced with Boughs and Fern, that he does not know the Matter Keeper: That he ufoaily fells so much of that this does, any Damage to the Woods or Timber, that Assignment as is sufficient (to pay thje Expence and has never dificojered that any Wood is stolen to of felling a,nd cutting the fame, an4- uses -the- Rp-; make Charcoal, though he has observed Boughs cut mainder as Fuel at the Great jLodge; apd he fells off from the Trees npar to the Coal Hearths, which he the Two Alignments for the-Two Under Keepers supposed to be taken by the Colliers. That the Coal Lodges, for which, he gets, on. an Average, about Hearths.are.'made wherever the Colliers think proper. Twenty-five Pounds, clear of all Expences. The. withput afleing Leave of any Forest Officer, and that Average Numbef of Deer in both Walks is abppt he never received ^ny Orders to forbid or remove Twelve hundred t That he usually kills about Twelve them. That there are many Incroachpents within his Brace of Bucks and about Four Brace of f)oes Yearly., Walks, some made before and some finde his Appointed that his Fees and Profits arising^therefrom^ iff- ment; fevecal of which he has thrown d]pen> and some eluding the Skin*, Shqulders, ^md_Humbles, amount °Tthofe have been taken m again: iThit there isva|fo to about Fifty Pounds per Annum: That he Annually a great deal of Ferncut both in the Woods and open 'receives' abput Thirty-five Pounds per Annum by Sale Parts^ whish js.very destructivej to the.yo'ung Timber; bf BroWfewood put for the Deer, and about Thirty and great Quantity of Turf and Hearty he believes Pounds per Annum Tor Rabbits killecTin Loth Walks: both for Commoners and Strangers: That he has

That he usually keeps Five Working Horses and One Brood Mare, Thirteen Cows, Heifers and Calves, and from-Thirty to Forty Hogs; his present Number bf*

-Hogs and Pigs ts Forty-one, and the Average' Profit of his Live Stock is about Twenty-two Pounds per there are Forest Rents and Dues belonging to the Bailiwick of Burley and Holmejley, amounting to about Thirty Pounds, due to the Master Keeper, but he believes are not all now collected; the Matter Keeper also takes the Lops, Tops, and Bark of all Oak Timber felled within the said Walks, and the Moorwood and Windfalls, and also Two Shil-and Six Pence for every Load of Fuel Wood

lings

endeavoured to the utmost of his Power to prevent all Injuries to the Forest, but has never presented any Offences at the F'oreft Counts, the Keepers under the Duke of Bolton not having attended the Courts within his Remembrance: That there are no Rabbit Warrens within his Walk, but many Rabbits in the open Parts; that no Orders were ever given to him to destroy them: That all Kinds of Cattle are admitted into his Walks; and that the Tenants of Burley claim a Right to a Sheep Walk in that Part of the- Forest, and turn in Sheep accordingly': That he is unable to distinguish between the Cattle of Commoners and Strangers: That each Person’s Cattle are marked with a particular

lar Ear Mark, but that there are Men called Marks-men, who take Charge of any Cattle sent to them, and attend them in the Forest, and put a general Tail Mark on all that are under their Care, and own them when the Forest is driven; and he is of Opinion that Cattle belonging to Persons who have no Right of Common are brought into the Forest: That in other Pam of the Forest the Keepers receive One Penny per Mark for the Cattle of each Owner j but neither of his Walks have been driven for Horned Cattle lince his Appointment, the Pound being so much out of Repair as not to confine them: That Horned Cattle are generally put into the Forest about Old and taken out about Michaelmas, as the Owners think fit, but Forest Horses and Asses remain in all the Year, and do great Mischief to the young Timber and Cover: That the Forest has not been cleared during the Fence Month since his Appointment, or within his Remembrance: That Swine are admitted into the Forest from the Fourteenth of othe Eleventh

of November, Old Stile; and those taken into Burley

Walk are admitted by this Examinant, who gives a Ticket to the Owner, expressing the Number admitted, which is called Ovafling, on paying him Four Pence for every Hog, and Two Pence for every Pig, for the Pannage, for the Use of the Matter Keeper. That he drives his own Walks as often as he thinks proper for Swine, to fee that they are properly ringed, and demands Four Pence each for all that are unringed. That the Profits arising to him from the Pannage and all the Drivings are seldom sufficient to defray the Expence attending it.

(Signed) Thomas Holloway.

K* a 1.

ACCOUNT of Annual Payments made by Colonel , Deputy to His Royal Highness the Duke of

Gloucester, Lord Warden of the New Forest, to the several Groom Keepers of the said Forest.

Bailiwicks.

Frit bam Bailiwick. Limoopd Bailiwick GodJbiU Bailiwick.

North Bailiwick. Inn Bailiwick.

East Bailiwick and Nodes.

South Bailiwick. Battramfley Bailiwick.

Walks.

? Bclderwood J Eyeworth

| Broomey —

| Ashley —

1Bramble Hill 3 Castle Malwood

| Iron's Hill

\Ajburst \ Denney

\Lady Cross J Whitley Ridgi

JRbinefield — Wilverly —

e —

Keepers.

Ja' Mantell — . Wm Cooper —

Tho‘ Tomer — -

Ano Bumfted —

Flow Archurc —

R‘ Witberington —

Ste" Burton — —

, D* as Keeper of the

Blind House —

Geo. Maynard —

Edwd Peirce

D* as Keeper of the Nodes —

Wm Piper — —

D* —

Ed* Tomer Tho‘ Toomer, Jun’ -

Total paid to Keepers — £.

Salary, Lord Warden's Nobles. ii a V Allowance in lieu of Fuel. D° for keeping Lodge in Repair. Total to eack Keeper.

£. s, d. d. l- s. d.

20 — — I — — — 13 4 IO 2 33 *3 4

20 — — 1 — — — 13 4 10 2 33 13 4

24 2 — - t 6 8 IO 2 39 6 8

24 2 — — 1 6 8 IO 2 39 6 8

20 — — nr\ ___ — 1 — - _ — 13 9 4 Jk IO 10 2 ey 33 *3 4 jk

& r 33 x3 4

30 t 6 8 IO a]

7 48 6 8

} 3 — — -J

20 — — 1 ~ 4- — 13 4 10 a 33 *3 4

20 — — I — — — »3 4 10 21

7 [ 39 *3 4

1 On - ¥ T A — J 33 *3 T 9 4

av " <20 MM 2 m f - - - — *3 - 19 4 IO 1 O 2

*v 1 1 *3 4 33 *3 4*

3» *3 4 I — *3 4 10 2 45 6 8

19 ~ - I — — — 13 4 10 2 32 *3 4

294 *3 4 »9 10 13 4 130 26 r — 480 6 8

Rangers

Bowbearer

f Sir Harry Burrard '(Lord Cadogan - Geo. Ro/e, Esquire

Salary —

13 4 a »3 4

sC- 7 *

Lyndburst, Novr 18th, 178!.

Rich4 Nightingale.

N* an.

2p Geo. Ill

240 y«/«.

N° 22.

ABSTRACTS of the EXAMINATIONS of

William Cooper —

Thomas Toomer, Senr — .

Anthony Bumpjlead —

Thomas Toomer, Junior —

Edward Toomer —

James Mantell —

Flower Arthurch —

George Maynard — Robert Witberington —

Stephen Burton — Edward Pierce —

William Piper —

Eye worth Broomy Walk. Ashley Walk.

Wilverley Walk.

Rhinefield Walk.

Bolderwood Walk.

Bramble Hill Walk.

Ashurst Walk.

CaJlle Malwood Walk.

Ironjhill Walk.

, Denny Walk, and the Nodes.

Lady Cross and Whitley Ridge Walks.

Vol. XLIV.

7 L Thp

The Examination of per,‘Groom Keeper of Eye-worth Walk. Sworn 19th November 1788. The Examination of Tho‘ \Toomer, Senior, Groom Keeper of Brocmy Walk. Sworn 19th November 1788. The Examination of Anthony Bumpstead, Groom Keeper of Ashley Walk. Sworn 19th November 1788. The Examination of boomer. Junior, Groom Keeper of Wilverley Walk. Sworn 20th November 1788. The Examination of Edward Toomer, Groom Keeper of Rhinefield Walk. Sworn 20th November 1788. Cn The Examination of James '"5 Mantell, Groom Keeper of Bolderwood Walk. Sworn 20th November 1-788.

Appointment. Saith, That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Eyeworth Walk, in the New For eft, about 14 or 15 Years ago. That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Broomy Walk, in the New For eft, in or about the Year 1783. That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Ashley Walk, in the New For eft, in the Year 1763- That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Wilverley Walk, in the New Forest, in the Year 1778. That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Walk, in the New Forest, in the Year 1779. Thar he was appointed Groom Keeper of Bolderwood Walk, in the New Forest, in the Year 1783.

Duty. That the Duty of his Office is to preserve the Vert and Venison, and all other of His Majesty’s Rights, within his Walk. The like Duty. The like. The like. The like. The like.

Lodge and Land. That he occupies a Lodge and Outhouses, and about 2 Acres of inclosed Land, worth about ft. 5 per A That he occupies a Lodge, House, and Outhouses, and about 5 Acres and an Half of inclosed Land, worth about ft. \o per Annum That he occupies a Lodge and Outhouses, and 6 Acres and an Half of inclosed Land, worth about ft. Annum. That he occupies a Lodge and Outhouses, worth (,4 3 Year. That he occupies a Lodge and Outhouses, and about 20 Acres of inclosed Land, worth about ft. 16 a Year. That he occupies a Lodge, c House, and Ouchouses, and about 9 Acres of inclosed Land, worth together about J* ft. 20 per Annum.

Salary. That his Yearly Salary and Allowances, paid by the Steward to the Lord Warden, are as follows: Salary - - £. 20 — — Nobles for driving his Walk - -1134 Allowance in lieu of Fuel Wood - 10 — — And for small Repairs to his Lodge 2 — — Salary - - £.24 Nobles - - - 3 6 8 In lieu of Fuel Wood - - 10 — — And for small Repairs to his Lodge 2 — — Salary - - 24 — — Nobles - --368 In lieu of Fuel Wood - - - 10 — — And for small Repairs to his Lodge 2 — - — Salary, and Nobles - - - ft. 20 13 4 In lieu of Fuel Wood - - - 10 — — And for small Repairs to his Lodge 2 That his yearly Salary and Allowances, paid by the Steward to the Lord Warden, amount in the Whole to - - 45 6 8 Salary - - - ft.20 Nobles - - - 1 13 4 In lieu of Fuel Wood - - - 10 — — And for small Repairs to his Lodge 2

In all 33 13 4 In all 39 6 8 In all 39 6 8 In all ft. 32 13 4 £45 6 8 In all ft.33 13 4

CO

Deer. That the Average Number of Deer in his Walk is about Three hundred. Six hundred. Two hundred. Five hundred. One thousand. W> One thousand. VO O w

Fees on Deer. That his Fees for killing about 3 Brace of Bucks, and One Brace and an Half of Does, Yearly, with the Profits of the Skins, Shoulders, and Humbles, are about £14* 5* That his Fees for killing 6 Brace of Bucks, and a Brace of Does, Yearly, with the Profits of the Skins, Shoulders, and Humbles, are about 25* 9* 6. That his Fees for killing from 3 to Brace of Bucks, and One Brace and an Half of Does, Yearly, with the Profits, &c. are about 14. 14. That his Fees for killing from 10 to 11 Brace of Bucks, md 2 Does, One for the King, and One for the Ash Farmers, Yearly, with the Profits, &c. are about 42. That his Fees for killing about 11 Brace of Bucks, and generally 2 Does, One for the King, and One for the Alh Farmers, Yearly,with the Profits, &c. are about . 42. 0 That his Fees for killing from 6 to 8 Brace of Bucks, and One Brace and Half of Does, Yearly, with the Profits, &c. are about £.31.

Profit by Sale of Browse Wood. That he Annually receives about £. ao, by Sale of the Browse Wood cut for the Deer. About 18. About 15. About £. 25 Net. About £. 10 Net. About £. 20. O

Profit from Rabbits. That he derives a Profit of about £. 30 per Annum from Rabbits killed within his Walk. About 8. About £.50 Net. About £.40 Net. ft

Stock of Cattle. That he usually keeps 3 Horses, a Cows, and or 5 Swine* but the Number of Swine he now has is 3 fatting Pigs, one Sow, and 11 young Pigs. That he usually keeps 3 Horses, 2 Cows, and about 18 or ao Swine j his present Number of Swine is 18. That he usually keeps 2 Horses, 3 Cows, and or 5 Swine; but that the Number of Swine he now has is 9. That he usually keeps 3 Horses, and One Cow, and has at present just 29 Swine of all Ages. That he usually keeps 2 Horses, and commonly 2 Cows, the Profit of which no more than pays for their Food and has at present about 70 or 80 Swine of all Ages. That he usually keeps 3 Horses, 4. or 5 Cows, and sometimes from 25 to 30 Swine j. but that the Number of Swine he now has is 20.. t

o

o

cn

VO

Profit of Live Stock.

Collection of Rents and Dues.

Disbursements.

D

eg'

r — +"

n'

CD

Q_

cr

William Cooper.

That the Average Profit of his Live Stock is about £. 12

per Annum.

Thomas Toomer, Senior.

Anthony Bumpjlead.

That he collects no Foref Rents or Dues of any Kind.

are

o

o

0§

RT

That his Disbursements — For keeping One Horse to ride, and 2 to draw Browse-wood - - £ 15 — —

ror One Carr, Saddles, and Harness ror Dogs -orFaggotting the Browfewood or Guns, Powder, and Shot -And for 2 Servants Wages and Board 40 10 —

2

2

10 — 10 —

- 2 10 —

£. 12. per Annum.

That he collects divers small Rents from sundry Owners of Estates within the Neighbourhood of his Walk, amounting in Money to £.3. 15. 7£; and also 47 Bushels and 3 Pecks of Oats, worth about £.4. 15. 6. — That out of the said Collections he pays to the Lord Warden’s Steward, for the Use of the Lord Warden, £. 1. 5. 1, and keeps the Residue to his own Use.

£. 14. per Annum.

That he collects divers small Rents from sundry Owners of Estates, lying in the Neighbourhood of his Walk, amounting to about £.11. per Annum; and also 20 Bushels of Wheat, and 32 Bushels anc One Quarter of Barley, worth about £.io; out of which Collections he pays Yearly to the Lord Warden’s Steward, for the Use of the Lord Warden, £.9. 8. 4, and keeps the Remainder for his own Use And that he is paid 2 Guineas a Year by the Deputy Surveyor, for taking Care of a new Inclosure within his Walk.

Thomas Toomer, Junior.

Edward,

James Mantell.

£. 13. per Annum.

£. 10. per Annum.

£.69 -

7°r keeping 3 £. s.

Horses - - 30 —

'orOneCart, Saddle, and Harness 3 12 or Hounds and Spaniels - - 7 10

'or Guns, Powder, and Shot - - 3 3

'or Axes and Browsing Hooks — 10 For Wages and Board of 2 Servants - - - 50 8

And for extra Affiftance in appre-hendingDeer and Timber Stealers 3 —

£-9* 3 —

For keeping One £. Horse to ride, and 2 to drawBrowfc-wood - - 21

For OneCart, Saddles, and Harness 3 For 2 Couple of Dogs * - - 5

For Guns, Powder, and Shot - - 3

ForFaggotting the Browfewood - 4

And for 2 Servants Wages and Board 40

s.

3 —

8 —

3 —

6 6

That he collects 22 Bushels of Oats, worth £. 2. 4, and keeps the Whole for his own Use. And that he has been paid, to Christmas 1786, 2

Guineas a Year by the Deputy Surveyor, for taking Care ofj a new Inclosure called Wil verity; but has been told by him that no more Wood is to be allowed for repairing the Fences j from which he concludes he is not to be paid that 2 Guineas for taking Care of it any longer.

That he collects between 40 and 50 Bushels of Oats worth between ^.4 and ,£.5 and keeps the Whole for his own Use 1 and that he has been paid, till Christmas 1786, 4 Guineas a Year by the De puty Surveyor, for taking Care of 2 new Inclosures, called Aldridge Ilill and Rhine-\eld Sandys; but has been told by him that he is to be allowed no more Wood for repairing the Fences, from which he concludes he is not to be paid the said Guineas for taking Care of them any longer.

£77 — 6

For keeping One £. Horse to ride, and 2 to draw Browfewood

orOneCart, Saddles, and Harness or Hounds, Spaniels, &c.

'or Guns, Powder, and Shot -For Browsing Axes — 10 For 2 Servants Wages and Board 54 8

And for extra Affiftance - - - 3 3

And Hay for his Cow - - - 3 —

s.

- 35 5 "

3 x5 —

7 16 —

- 3 10 —

j© —

£.111 7 —

For keeping 3 £. s.

Horses to ride, and to carry out Venison and draw Browfewood - -ForOneCart, Saddles, and Harness 3 — For Hounds, Spaniels, &c. - - 5 —

For Guns, Powder, and Shot - 3 —

| For Browsing Hooks and Axes — 10 !For 3 Servants Wages and Board 74 12 And for privateln-formation of Offences committed in his Walk - - 5 — -

£.121 2 —

£.12. 10. per A

cn

VO

That he collects no Forest Rents or Dues of any Kind.

ror keeping 3 £. s.

Horses to carry Venison and Browfewood - - 20 — — or OneCart, Saddles, and Harness 1 — — i-'or Dogs and Ferrets - - - 5 — —

or Guns, Powder, and Shot - 3 — —

or Nets and Affiftance. in destroying Rabbits 10 — — ForFaggotting the Browfewood - - 6 — —

And for 3 Servants Wages and Board 35 — —

£.80 ——

24° Julii. J. 1789.

InclosL.res.

<1

o

r*

X

r

Incroach-

ments.

g

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

?r

That he has presented every Incroachment made within his Walk since his Appointment, and Orders have sometimes been issued for throwing them open; but that all or most of] the Incroachments have been continued, for Want of the Courts being regularly held, and their Orders being strictly executed.

That there is One Inclo sure within his Walk, callee Sloderr Inclosure, containing about 250 Acres, made in the Year 1772, in which are a great Number of young Oak and Alh Trees, well protestec with Thorns, which Trees require thinning; and also some bare Places of considerable Extent, very wet and boggy which should be drained anc planted — That the Fences o the said Inclosure are so much out of Repair as to admit the Deer and Cattle — That the said Inclosure is under the Care of Flower Archurch. Keeper of Bramble Hill Walk, who receives an Annual Salary from the Deputy Surveyor General on that Account.

That there are 3 or small Incroachments within his Walk, made before he was appointed Keeper, but not one has been made since his Appointment.

That there is One Inclosure within his Walk, called Pitt's Inclosure, containing about lao Acres, made in the Year

1772, in which arc a great Number of youngOaks which require thinning, and some bare Places which should be planted; but the Fences are io much out of Repair that he cannot keep out the Deer and Cattle, which he has repeatedly represented to the Deputy Surveyor, but without Effedfc. — -That at the Time his Lodge was re-built, in

1773, the old Pales of the Lodge Garden were taken down and sold by Mr. -bert, then Deputy Surveyor, who told him that he should have another Garden inclosed; and that he had set down in the Estimate the C harge of putting up 18 Lugs (or Perches) of new Paling for the Garden, but that not One Pale has yet been put up.

That he has presented at the Forest Courts every Incroachment made within his Walk since his Appointment, and Orders have sometimes been issued for throwing them open j but that all or most of the Incroachments have been continued, for Want of the Courts being regularly held, and their Orders being ftri£Uy executed.

That the Inclosure called Wiherley was completed in the Spring of the Year in which he was appointed Keeper; that he was inforimed that, before planting the Acorns, the Underwood was entirely cut down and fold j that the Acorns had been kept too long, and were grown before they were planted, and were planted in Rows, as he thinks, a Lug or Perch distant from each other, a Man going along each Row with a Hoe, with which, at every Second Step, he raised a Sod and put in an Acorn, prelfing the Sod down upon it with his Foot — That no young Tree ever got up in the Inclosure.

That there are some Incroachments in his Walk, made before his Appointment, and some have been begun since, but that he always de stroyed them.

That the Inclosures called Aldridge Hill and Sandys were made- about the Year 1775 — That he was informed that before planting the Acorns, &c. (as the Examinant Tho* boomer, Jun'J.

„ That very few young Trees got"up in the Inclosures.

That there is One Inclosure within his Walk, called Ock~ nellInclosure, containing about 250 Acres, in which are many young Oaks and Beeches, but many large bare Places — That the Fences are much out of Repair, and let in the Deer and Cattle — Thar this Inclosure, though in his Walk, is not under his Care, but, that the Deputy Surveyor pays 2 Guineas a Year to Archui9b, Keeper of Bramble Hill Walk, for taking Care of it.

That there were a great many Incroachments made before his Appointment, and many have been begun since, but that he generally setroyed them; some of them have however been renewed,inSpite of his Endeavours to prevent them.

That there is One Incroachment, confiding of- an Our-house, builr before his Appointment, partly on his Walk and partly on Rhinefield Walk, and some Land inclosed with it, the Fence of which was pulled down by the Keeper of Rhinefield, but put up again, and One Cottage built upon his Walk about 2 Months ago, which he -informed the Lord Warden’s Steward of j and attended at Lyndburjl to present the same on the Court Day next 'following, but no Oa. Court was held, as only One 'sO Verderor attended, nor has t any Court been held since.

29 Geo. III. 240 Julii.

Fern and Furze,

D

eg'

n

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

(S

Browfewood.

William Cooper.

That the cutting of Fejrn is much practised, and is very de-stru&ive to the young Timber. Th3t he never presented any Person for cutting Furze, having very little in his Walk, nor for cutting Fern, as he observed that the Verderors, Mailer Keepers, and other Officers of the Forelt, cut Fern themselves, though he believes no Person has a Right to cut it.

Thomas Toomcf, Sebior.

That the cutting of Furze and Fern is very much praflifed, and is very destructive to the young Timber, but he has not presented any Person for cutting the fame, having never received any Orders from the Verderors or other Officers, or from the Court, for that Purpose, but he has always been informed and believes that no Person has a Right to cut either Fern or Furze in the Forest.

That he Annually cuts as rpuch Browfewood for the Deer as he thinks necessary, and in such Places as he thinks proper, chiefly from the Tops of Hollies and Thorns. That if the Browse be cut from the Tops of Hollies only, and in a proper Manner, he does not think it prejudicial to the Fo rest, but the cutting of Thorns and the lower Branches of Hollies he thinks detrimental to the Growth of Timber, by destroying the Cover which protects the young Trees and Shoots; but that he thinks Browling necessary for the Sufte-nance of the Deer in Winter j and that if a Stop was put to the cutting of Browfewood, it would require about Loads of Hay Yearly (worth about £. 12) to feed the Deer with, in his Walk. — That he also thinks that the Deer do some Damage to the young Timber and , Cover, by cropping the Shoots.

Anthony Bumpjlead.

That the cutting of Fern and Furze is much practised, and is very de-(Irudlive to the young Timber. — That he has frequently presented Persons for. cutting Furze, and that the Offenders h^ve been sometimes.fln-ed, but that he has not made any Preferments for cutting Fern, as he observed that the Verderors and leading Men in the Forest had Fern cut for their own Use, though he believes no Person has a Right to cut it.

To the same Effect — and that if a Stop was put to the cutting of Browfewood,there would be required about 18 Loads of Hay Yearly (worth about jT. 54) to feed the Deer with, in his Walk.

The like — and that if a Stop was put to the cutting of Browfewood, there would be. required about Loads and f of Hay Yearly( worth about 13. 1 or.) to feed the Deer with, in his Walk.

Thomas Toomer, Junior.

That the cutting of Fern and Furze is much praflifed, and is very de-struftive to the young Timber. — That he has frequently seized the Hooks of the Cutters, has often applied to Mr. Mansfield for Advice how to proceed against them, and would have presented them, if there had been Courts.

Edward Toomer.

That the cutting of Fern and Furze is much practised, and is very destrudliye to the young Timber. That he has often seized the Hooks of the Cutters, and has sometimes presented those Offences at the Courts of Attachment, but the Offenders were not punished, and are now, on that Account, become bolder, and cannot be restrained by him.

The like — -and that if a Stop was put to the cutting of Browfewood, it . would require about 3 Tons of Hay Yearly for each 100 Deer (worth about^.45) to feed the Deer with, in his Walk.

That he Annually cuts as much Browfewood for the Deer as he thinks necessary, and in such Places as he thinks proper, chiefly from the Tops of Hollies anc Thorns. — Admits that the cutting of Browse does Harm to the Growth of Timber, by destroying the Cover which protects the young Trees and Shoots j but he thinks browsing necessary for the Suite nance of the Deer in Winter; anc that if a Stop was put to the cut ting of Browfewood, it would require about 3 Tons of Hay Yearly for each 100 Deer (worth about £. 90) to feed the Deer with, in his Walk.

James Mantell.

That the cutting of Thorns, urze, and Fern is very mucbprac-tifed in his Walk, both in the Covers and open Parts, which is very destructive to the young Timber. — That he has forbid and presented many Persons at the Forest Courts for cutting Thorns and urze, but that no effectual Means have been used to prevent the lame; and that the Courts not having been regularly held for 2 or 3 Years past, the Practice continues with Impunity, and is much increased. — That he has not presented any Person for cutting Fern, as le observed that the Verderors, Matter Keepers, and other Officers of the Forest, cut Fern themselves, though he has always heard and aelieves that no Person has a Right to cut it.

UT»

sO

4*

To the like Effect — and that if a Stop was put to the cutting of Browfewood, it would require about 8 Loads of Hay Yearly (worth about 24) to feed the Deer with, in his Walk. — And he thinks that the feeding with Hay would be better for the young Deer than Browsing. — That there is, in his Opinion, a greater Stock of Deer than the Forest can well maintain, many die Yearly in the Winter, and in his Walk only not less than 300 died last Year of the Young and Female Deer which do not come to browse.

Z40 Julii. A. 1789.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q.

o~

1

Fuel Wood. ' That there has been no Fuel Wood cut in his Walk for 6 or 7 Years past. — That when Fuel Wood was cut there, he always attended both the marking smd felling of such Wood, to take Care fhat no more was cut than was assigned. i j i 1 1 \ i i , 1 j < 1 . That there has not been any Fuel Wood cut in his Walk since his Appointment. \ That there has been no Fuel Wood cut in his Walk since his Appointment, except what was assigned to him (to the Value of about £. to a Year) before he received an Allowance for it in Money. That there has been no Fuel Wood cut in his Walk for above 7 Years past. That there has been Fuel Wood cut in his Walk for every Year since his Appointment, and that he has always taken all the Care in his Power to prevent any from being cut that was not assigned; £ut that those to whom Fuel Trees are assigned have great Opportunity of cutting other Trees besides those allotted for them, from their being fixed to no Time, either for cutting their Fuel Trees, or for carrying them away after being cut, and by having it in their Power to cut and remove them in the Absence of the Keeper or Fo-rest Officers. That he did discover One who had cut 3 Trees not assigned to him, and that he carried him before Mr. Compton, a Justice of Peace, by whom the Person'was fined, this Examinant receiving £. 10 out of the Fine imposed, for himself and Servant. That the Fuel Wood cut In his Walk is from 40 to 50 Loads Yearly, by Assignment of the Pur- W. veyor, Woodward, and Regarders. O That he uses his utmofb Endea-yours to prevent more being cut HH than is assigned; but he has observed that great Damage is often done in felling the Fuel Trees, by throwing down and destroying the younjg Timber Trees and Saplings near them, and then frequently cutting them with the Fuel Wood, which he thinks might be prevented, if proper Persons were appointed to fell them, or to look after the Fellers. — That the belt Part of the Fuel Trees are commonly cut into Rails and Truck Wheels in the Forest, for the Coal Works at 0 Newcastle, some sold to Carpen- ters, and a great deal to Charcoal Burners, and he believes that very little is really used for Fuel.

Turf and Heath. 1 . \ i That Turf and Heath are cut for the Commoners; but if he finds any Person cutting, whom he supposes to have no Right, he forbids him. That great Quantities of Turf and Heath are cut for the Commoners; but if jie finds any Person; cutting Turf or Heath, whom he supposes to have no Right, or who does not, when required, produce a Ticket from the Steward, to shew his Right, he forbids him, and the Persons whom, he has so forbid have always desisted from cutting. f t I That Turf and Heath are cut for the Commoners j but if he finds any Person cutting, who does not produce a Ticket from the Steward to shew his Right, he forbid; him. That Turf and Heath are cut for the Commoners j but if he finds any Person cutting in an improper Place, he deftres them to remove to.some other Place less hurtful, and they generally comply. 1 The fame.- That great Quantities of Turf and Heath are cut in his Walk bpth by the Commoners and by 'Strangers. — That he has always forbid those whom he supposed to have no Right, and presented several at the Courts; but the Offenders not having been fined for it are :ncouraged to persist, and he is discouraged from doing his Duty.

vo

tn

29 Geo. III. 240

g

<q\

H*

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Rabbits.

William Cooper.

Thomas Toomer, Senior.

That there are no Rabbit Warrens in his Walk, but a great Number of Rabbits in the open Parts where no Timber is growing. — That Orders were given to him to destroy them, about Two Years ago, by General Bathurst his Matter Keeper, and by Colonel I ley wood, Deputy to the Lord Warden, in consequence of which he continued to destroy them as long as the Value of the Rabbits caught would defray the Expence of taking them j but that no Allowance being made to him for that Expence, he was obliged to desist.

Anthony Bu

That there are no Rabbit Warrens in his Walk, but a Number of Rabbits chiefly in the Inclosure called closure, and some in the open Parts. That they do at least as much Damage to his Garden and his Com, when he sows any, as the Value of the Profit he derives from them. That he never received any Orders for destroying them, but believes they might be destroyed by killing them in the Breeding Season } and he is ready to execute any Orders for that Purpose, on being paid the Expence attending it.

Thomas Toomer, Junior.

That there were many Rabbits in Wilverley before and at the Time of planting the Acorns; that he never heard of any Attempt having been made at that Time to destroy them, but thinks they are since increased in Number. That about 2 Years ago some People, employed he believes by the late Surveyor General, came into his Walk, and j>e-gan to destroy the Rabbits. That he thought it extremely, hard, if they were to be destroyed, that he Should be deprived of the Benefit of destroying the m. That he understood from the Undertakers themselves, that they were to be allowed the Rabbits for their Payment, as long as they could earn sufficient Wages thereby; and that, when the Numbers Should be much reduced, they were to be paid for destroying the Remainder by Mr. Pitt, and had engaged to destroy the Whole in 3 Years; that he thereupon went to the Deputy Surveyor, and offered to destroy the Rabbits in less Time and for the same Allowance, but was told by the Deputy Surveyor, that the Men must proceed according to Mr. Pitt’s Directions. That soon after this, he found a Fawn caught in One of the Traps

Edward Toomer.

That there were many Rabbits in the Inclosures within j his Walk, before and at the' Time of planting the Acorns. That he never heard of any Attempt having been made at that Time to destroy them, and does not believe they are more numerous now than they then were. That about Michaelmas 1786 he wak dc-fired by the late Surveyor General, Mr. Pitt, to destroy the Rabbits in his Walk; Mr. Pitt promising at the fame; Time to get an Equivalent! for him from the Treasuryj for the Profit of the Rabbits of which he would be deprived. — That the Examinant did accordingly destroy great Numbers, and brought the Number lower than he believes they ever had before been within the Memory of Man. That finding the Expence great, he went to London, in order to state the Circumstances to Mr. Pitt, but found that he died just before his Arrival; that from that Time he desisted, no Person having engaged to repay the Expence he must have incurred by proceeding. That they are since considerably increased, but not yet so numerous as before he began to destroy them. The Examinant admits that the Rabbits do Harm to young

James Man tell.

_______1_______________SO

os

Thar there are no Rabbit Warrens in his Walk, but that when he was appointed Keeper, there was a great Number of Rabbits in the open Parts near his Lodge, but he has used his best Endeavours to destroy them in consequence of Orders -from Lord Delawahis Matter Keeper, and the Deputy Surveyor, and has succeeded so well, that there arc very few now remaining, and he believes he shall destroy them entirely in the Course of this Winter and the ensuing Spring. 4*

to

- to VD

set for the Rabbits within the Inclosure, and a Fox in another, which he represented to Colonel Hey wood, who is Matter Keeper of his Walk, informing him at the same Time, that the People in the Neighbourhood complained, as well as himself, that Strangers were getting the Advantage of the Destruction of the Rabbits, and swore that they would have the Profit of them, if they were to be destroyed. — -That Colonel Hey-wood immediately desired that the People employed by the Surveyor General Should be prevented from killing any more, until they Should receive his own Orders, dircfting the Examinant to proceed to destroy them as fall as possible. — That the Examinant did accordingly destroy so many, that Wages could not be earned by proceeding further; and his Brother then went, at his Desire, to don, to agree with the Surveyor General for the Destruction of the Remainder, but that, when he arrived there, he found Mr.

was just dead, and has since received no Orders for destroying them, in consequence of which he desisted, and they have since increased very much. The Examinant

Trees, but does not believe the Acorns in the Two Inclosures before-mentioned would have come up, even if there had been no Rabbits there, owing to the Destruction of the Underwood, and the Condition of the Acorns before planting. — That he is willing to execute any Plan, on moderate Terms, for destroying the Rabbits; but must, in that Cafe, apply for an additional Salary as Keeper, his present Allowance, independant of the Profit of the Rabbits, being insufficient.

cn

VO

zp Geo. III. 240

Rabbits

continued.

Coal Hearths.

William Cooper.

Thomas Toomer, Senior'.

Anthony Bump lead.

O

eg'

H"

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

tn

1 ! Thomas Toomer, Junior. Edward Toomer. James M

admits that the Rabbits do Harm to young Trees, but does not believe the Acorns in IVtlverley would have come ttp even if there had been no Rabbits there, owing to the Definition of the Underwood, and the Condition of the Acorns before planting. That he is willing to execute any Plan, on moderate Terms, for destroying the Rabbits, but mult in that same apply for an additional Salary as Keeper, his present Allowance, independant of the Profit of the Rabbits, being insufficient.

1 That there are now Coal Hearths in Use for making Charcoal in his Walk, all in the thickest Part of the Cover, and fenced with Bushes. Be-ieves that they damage the Trees and Cover near them, and that small Trees and 3ranches are often stole, and jurnt into Charcoal privately. That the Coal Hearths are made wherever the Colliers think proper, without asking _eave of any Forest Officer, and that he never received any Orders from the Court to forbid or remove them.

M° Julit. 1789

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

rD

Cattle.

That he admits all Kinds of Cattle (except Geese, Goats, and SheeT.) That he is unable to distinguish between the Cattle of Commoners and Strangers. — That each Person’s Cattle are distinguished by a particular Ear Mark; but that there are Men, called Marksmen, who take Charge of any Cattle sent to them, and attend them in the Forest, and put a general Tail Mark on all that are under their Care, and own them when the Forest is driven} that the Marksmen pay him Mark for all the Cattle of each separate Owner, and he receives i j. each for all Cattle that are not Ear-marked, if belonging to Commoners: and after driving, the Cattle are generally turned again into the Forest. That if any are found belonging to Strangers, or not owned, they are driven to the Pound at Lytid-burfti and if not owned by Twelve o’clock at Noon on the Third Day after driving, are strayed for the Use of the Lord Warden, and turned into New Park. That Horned Cattle are generally put in very early in a forward Spring, and taken out when the Owners think fit, but that Forest Colts remain in all the Year, and do great Mischief to the young Timber and the Cover. That the Forest has not been cleared during the Fence Month, within his Remembrance.

That he admits all Kinds of Cattle into his Walk (except Sheep, of which only a few come in from the Purlieus.) That he is unable, &c. (fame as deposed to by fVm Cooper.)

That the Marksmen have sometimes a Thousand Head of Cattle at a Time in their Charge j and he has often heard that they take in Cattle belonging to Persons who have no Right of Common in the Forest. — That the Marksmen pay him i</.p«-Mark,&c. (as stated by Wm Cooper.)

To the like Effect as

Cooper.

That he believes the Markf-men take in many Cattle belonging to Persons who have no Right of Common.

That the Time for admitting Cattle Should be from 2jd‘ April to 11 th November (O. S.) — That the Forest has not been cleared during the Fence Month since his Appointment, but has heard that it was done formerly.

That he admits all Kinds of Cattle (except Goats.) That he remembers, very long ago, Sheep were impounded, and tried to be prevented from coming into the Forest,'by the Orders of the Duke of ford, but Xince that Time they have generally been admitted into his Walk.

And further, to the like Effect as set forthr by the other Examinants.

That the Cattle are admitted whenever there is Grass for them, and remain as long as the Proprietors please.

That he admits all Kinds I That all Kinds oFCattle are of Cattle (except Goats and admitted into his Walk (ex-Sheep.) That there are ge- cept Sheep.) — And further, nerally a'good many Geese in as set forth by fVm Cooper. his Walk; and though he has heard that they are not Commonable, he has admitted them because they were before admitted.

And further, to the same Effect as set forth by the other Examinants, save that he never found any Cattle which belonged to a Stranger.

cn

NO

VO

29 Geo. III. 240 Julii.

o

<Qm

i — h

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

O

o

oo

William

Swine. That Swine arc admitted

into the Forest from the 14th September to the 11th November (O. S.) by the Lord Warden's Steward, who gives a Ticket ito the Owner, expressing the Number admitted (which is called Ovaffing) paying for every Hog, and id. for every Pig, to the Steward, for the Use of the Lord Warden, for the whole Time of Pannage.

Drivings. That the Forest is usually driven Twice or Thrice in the Year, once for Horned Cattle about , and

sometimes once afterwards, and again for Swine about the Middle of Pannage Time (at the Direction of the Lord Warden’s Steward); and after the First Driving for Swine, the Keepers drive their own Walks as often as they think proper, for Swine only, to fee that they are properly ringed; and that they demand each for all that are unringed — That he pays Yearly to the Tenants of the Forest for assisting him in driving — That the Profits arising to him from all the Drivings are very inconsiderable, and fel-dom sufficient to pay that Expence.

(Signed) The Mark of x

William Cooper.

Thomas Toomer, Senior. Anthony Rumpftcad. Thomas Toomer, Junior. Edward Tocmer.

The fame. a* The same (except in Gods-hill Bailiwick, where only 1 d. is paid for each Hog, and One Half-penny for each Pig.) The same as W" Cooper. The fame.

The fame. The fame. The fame; and that after The same as Toomer,

That he pays Yearly 6s. id. to the Tenants of the Forest. That the Profits of all the the First Driving for Swine, the Keepers demand each for all that are unringed, if found in the Forest during the Time of Pannage, and commonly is.if found after that Time — That he and his Brother pay 6's. id. Yearly Junior; but that the Keepers have been obliged to demand only a moderate Fine, left the Owners of the Swine Should, in Resentment, set Fire to the Cover, which they have sometimes done — That he once found a Woman near to the

6s. id. between them to the Tenants of the Forest, for assisting them in driving — That the Profits arising to him from all the Drivings are very incon- Place where the Fire was begun; and, from the Answers (he gave when charged with having done it, he was con-

Drivings are seldom sufficient The fame. vinced of her Guilt; and in-

to defray that Expence. siderable, and seldom exceed 6 or 7 Shillings. % formed the Deputy Surveyor immediately, who took his Declaration, but did nothing in consequence of it.

(Signed) Toomer, (Signed) Anthony Bumpjlead, (Signed) Tho' Toomer. (Signed) Toomer,

Janes M

The fame.

The same as Wm Cooper.

That he pays Yearly id.

to the Tenants of the Forest, for assisting him in driving: — That the Profits arising to him from all the Drivings amounted Fn One Year to between £.3 and £.4* but are in general not much more than sufficient to pay the Expence attending it.

(Signed) James Mantell.

6oo- 24° Julii. 1789.

D

cq"

n‘

CD

Cl

cr

M

o

Flower Archurch. Groom Keeper of Bramble Hill Walk. Sworn 20th November 1788. George MaynardGroom Keeper of AJbur Walk. Sworn 20th November 1788. Robert Witherington, Groom 1 Keeper of Castle Malwood Walk. Sworn 21 A November 1788. Stephen Burton, Groom Keeper of Ironjhill Walk. Sworn 11ft. November 1788. Edward Pierce, Groom Keeper of Denny Walk and the Nodes, and Crier of the Courts. Sworn 21st November 1788.

\ppointment. That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Bramble Hill Walk, in the New -rest, in or about the Year 1782. That he was appointed Groom Keeper of AJburst Walk, in the New , in or about the Year 1782. That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Castle Malwood Walk, in the New Forest, about 14 or 15 Years ago. That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Ironjhill Walk, in the New Forest, in or about the Year 1781. That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Denny Walk jand the Nodes, in the New \Forest, in or about the Year 1*763, by the Duke of Bedford, then Lord Warden} and Crier of the Courts of the said Forest by the Rev4 Sir Mills, Bart. Lord of the Manors of Colbury and Langley, adjoining to the said Forest.

Duty. That the Duty of his Office is to preserve the Vert and Venison, and all other of His Majesty’s Rights, within his Walk. The fame. The fame. The fame. That the Duty of his Office, as Keeper, is to preserve the Vert and Venilon, and all other of His Majesty's Rights, within his Walks; and, as Crier, to attend the Courts of the Forest, and to make Proclamations.

Lodge and Land* - That he occupies a Lodge, House, and Outhouses, am about Acres and an Half 0 ’ inclosed Land, worth together about £. 10 per Annum. That he occupies a Lodge, House, and Outhouses, anc about 9 Acres of incloscc Land, worth together about £.15 per Annum. That he occupies a Lodge, House* and Q.uthojifes, and about 7 Acres of inclosed Land, worth about 10 per Annum. That he occupies a Lodge, House, and Outhouses, and between 3 and Acres of inclosed Land, worth together about £. to per Annum. That he occupies a Lodge, House, and Outhouses* and about 13 Acres and an Half of inclosed Land, worth together about £. 22 per Annum. '

Salary. That his Yearly Salary ant Allowance, paid by the Lore Warden, are as- follows, - Salary - - £.20 Nobles, for driving his Walk - - 1 13 4 Allowance in lieu of Fuel Wood. .- .10 — — And for small Repairs to his Lodge 2 — — Salary - - 20 — — . Nobles - - - 1 13 4 Allowance in lieu of Fuel Wood - 10 — — And for small Repairs - - - 2 — — Salary - - 20 — — Nobles - - x *3 4 Allowance in lieu of Fuel Wood - 10 — — And for small Repairs - - - 2 — — Salary (including £.3 for keeping a Blind House, or Round House, at Lyndhurst) - £. 33 Nobles - - - 3 6 8 In lieu of Fuel Wood - - -10 And for small Re-. pairs - - - 2 — — Salary for Denny Walk - - - £. 20 For walking the Nodes - - - 3 — — Nobles for Drifts ter Denny Walk - 1 13 4 And for the Nodes 3 — — Allowance in lieu of Fuel Wood - 10 — — -And for small Repairs to his Lodge 2 £39 *3 4

»3 4 4 *3 4 48 6 8

William Piper, Groom Keep-

er of Lady Cro/s and Whitley Ridge Walk,t.

Sworn 21st November 1788.

That he was appointed Groom Keeper of Lady Cro/s Walk, in the New in

;or about the Year 1780; and ’Keeper of Whitley Ridge Walk ter February lall, on the Death of Rich* Carter.

That the Duty of his Office is to preserve the Vert and Venison, and all other of His Majesty's Rights, within his Walks.

That he occupies thcLodge, House,. and Outhouses, belonging to Lady Walk, and about 9 Acres of inclosed Land, worth about 8 per Annum — That Whitley Ridge Lodge is occupied by One of the Men employed to take Care of the Walks, and the Land belonging to ir, containing about 5 Acres, by this Examinant.

Salary (or Lady Cross

Walk - - - 20 ——

Nobles, for driving that Walk - - 1134

Allowance in lieu of Fuel Wood -10 — — And for small Repairs to that Lodge 2 — —

In all ^.33 13 4

The like Salary and Allowances for Whitley Ridge Walk - - - £. 33 13 4

Paying the reout 15 per Ann, to the Widow of the late Keeper.

ip Geo. lit 240 Jtdii. 601

g

CQ

i — i-'

n'

CD

CL

cr

Flower Archurch* George Maynard. Robert Witbe Stephen Burton. Edward Pierce. William Piper.

Deer. That the Average Number of Deer within his Walk is about One hundred. About Three hundred. About Three hundred. About 7 or 800, formerly more, but loft about Two hundred last Winter. That the Average Number of Deer within his Walks, is about Four hundred. That the Average Number of Deer in both his Walks, is about Six hundred.

Fees on Deer. That his Fees for killing about Four Brace of Bucks, and One Brace of Does, Yearly, with the Profits of the Skins, Shoulders, and Humbles, are about 19. 10. That his Fees for killing about 1 or 6 Brace of Bucks, and One Brace and an Half of Does, Yearly, with the Profits, &c. are about 24. 3. That his Fees for killing about Three Brace of Bucks, and One Brace and an Half of Does, Yearly, with the Profits, &c. are about £. 13. 12. That his Fees for killing about 7 Brace of Bucks and One Doe, Yearly, besides a Brace for the Ash Farmers, with the Profits, &c. are about £. 29. 16. That his Fees for killing about 5 Brace of Bucks and 2 Brace of Does, Yearly, with the Profits of the Skins, Shoulders, and Humbles, are about £. 22. 2. 6. That his Fees for killing about 10 Brace of Bucks and 2 Brace of Does, Yearly, with the Profits, &c. are about £. 41. 2. 6.

Profit by Sale of Browse-wood. That he Annually receives about £.8 by Sale of Browse-wood cut for the Deer. About 10. About £. 10. About £. 10. 10 About £. 15 clear. About £. 15. 10

Profit from Rabbits. That he derives a Profit of about £. 2 per , from Rabbits killed within his Walk. V That he derives no Profit from Rabbits, there being hardly any in his Walk. That he formerly derived a Profit of about £.i$ by Sale of Rabbits, but for the last Years his Profit from Rabbits have not exceeded lor. a Year. That he derives a Profit of about £. 5 from Rabbits.

Stock of Cattle. That he usually keeps 2 horses and 2 or 3 Cows, and sometimes from 24 or 25 Swine j but that the Number of Swine he now has is Two Sows with Sucking Pigs. That he usually keeps 3 Horses, and about 8 Cows and Heifers, and 7 or 8 Swine j his present Number of Swine is T welve. That he usually keeps 2 Horses and Cows, and about 2 or 3 Swine. That he usually keeps 2 Horses and 2 Cows, and also 2 Heifers, and at present 3 Swine, with about 35 Pigs j but that sometimes he has not more than or 5 in all. That he usually keeps 3 Horses, 6 Cows, and 3 or Heifers, and about 12 or 14 Swine. That he usually keeps Horses, 3 Cows, and about 8 or 9 Swine; but he has at present 29 Swine.

Profit of Live Stock. That the Average Profit of lis Live Stock is about 11. 7 s. per Annum. About £. 19 per Ann. About £. 12. 8 per Ann. 1 About £. 10 per Ann. About £.28 a Year. About £.14. '

6$Li jr 'itjn£Qbz

Collection of Rents and Forest Dues.

Tliathe collefb Two Bushels of Oats, value 5 for his own Ufc, and 1 s. for the Browfer from Robert,

That he collets about Twenty Bushels of Relit Oats, of the Value of about2,from fundrv Owners of Estates ly-

Tenant to Lord IUbefter atiing in the Neighbourhood of

Bramjhaivj and that he re ceives Ten Guineas a Year from the Deputy Surveyor, for taking Care of Five Inclosures in the Forest.

0

eg'

r — H

n‘

CD

Q-

CT <

o

o

o

?T

s. d.

Disburse- That his Disbursements are, ments. |For keeping 3 Horses for carrying Venison and Browfewood a- yT. bout - - 20

jForOneCart, Saddles and Harness |For Dogs ForGpns, Powder, and Shot |For Faggotting the Browfewood I And for 3 Servants Wagesand Board, about

is Walk, for his own Uie.

That he collects, Yearly, 8 Bushels of Relit Oats from 6 Tenants of Estates at -num, in the Neighbourhood of his Walk, of the Yearly Value of about 16 s.

3

5

- 1 10 —

- 2 10 —

- 43 ——

£ 75 ——

For keeping 2 Horses (exclusive of the Profit of a Colt bred some £. s.

Y") - - -.10 -

ForOne Cart, Saddle and Harness For Hounds and Spaniels, about -For Guns, Powder, and Shot -For Axes and

Browfing Hooks For Wages and

Board of 2 Servants, about

-30 -

£ 47 5 —

(Horses, Cart, &c. not Rated.)

For Guns, Powder, £. s.

and Shot, about 1 10 -For Dogs, about - 5 4 —

For Expences attending the Forest Courts - - 1 — -

And for Two Servants Wages and Board - - - 41 — —

That he collects no Rents or Forest Dues, though he has heard that some Oats Should be paid to him, but knows not by whom.

d.

3 -

For keeping 2 Horses, including the Expence of keeping One Cart and Saddles and £.

Harness - - 18

For Hounds and Spaniels, about 5 — — For Guns, Powder, and Shot, about 1 -For Wages and Board of 2 Servants, about - 46 8 —

For the Expence of attending the Attachment Courts 1 And for extra Expences for driving the Cattle and Swine to the Pound at Lynd-burjl - - - 1 7 —

£ 72 19 —

That he collects, Yearly, *- That he collects (as Keeper bout 27 Bushels of Rent!of Crds Walk) about

Oats, of the Value of £.2.| 8 Bushels of Relit Oats, Year-14/. from divers Tenants of Jy, worth about 20 from di-FRates in the Neighbourhood1 vers Tenants of Estates in the of his Walks, for his own1 Neighbourhood of his Walk $ Use. 'but he has an old Paper in his

He receives no Salary as Possession, dated 1684, con-Cricr, but some small Fees arc'taining an Account of 32 received by him, which, one^ Bushels and an Half of Oats Year with another, have not due to that Walk, which Pa-exceeded I or. a Year. jper he is informed by Mr.

I C One of the Re-'garders of the Forest, is in jthc Hand Writing of his Grandfather, who was Steward to the Duke of Bolton, then Lord Warden of the Forest*, and he has also an Account of 28 Bushels and an Half of Oats due to Ridge , but he has not yet collected any of them.

VO

o

M

O'

*5

For keeping 3 Horses for carrying Venison and Browfewood For One Cart, Saddles, and Harness For Dogs and Ferrets (his Walk being very exten-five)

For Guns, Powder, and Shot -For Two Servants Wages and Board 38 And for his Expences in attending the Forest Courts, about - 1

5 ~

- 10. ——

12 —

£68 17 —

For keeping Horses for carrying Venison and drawing Browse- £. wood

For 2 Carts and Harness,andshoe-ing Horses, about For Dogs for both Walks Guns, Powder and Shot, about And for Wages and Board offourMen Servants, about -

g

ft:

J.

28 — —

-33 —

62 — —

£io3 5 —

OS

o

v*>

D

CQ

r — h

n‘

0

CL

cr

Flower Archurch.

George Maynard.

Indofures.

That there is One Inclosure within his Walk, called venjnest,containing about 75 Acres, and Part of another called The Coppice of Linwood, the Fences of which "have been out of Repair for about 2 Years part, but are now repairing — That he well remembers the planting of both these Inclosures, and that the Acorns with which they were planted were grown before they were put in the Ground — That there are many young Oaks in both of them, but that the Plantation failed in some Places, which are now planting again — That the other Inclosures which he has the Care of are, Sloden Inclosure in Br Walk-

Long Beech Hill, in Castle Malwood Walk — and Ock-nell, in Boiderwood Walk; in all of which are many thriving young Trees, and also, in each of them large bare Places, which should be planted again. — That the Fences of Sloden and Ocknell Inclosures are so much out of Repair that he is unable to keep Cattle out of them, which he has often represented to the Deputy Surveyor, but no Orders have been given

Robert Witherington.

That there is One Inclosure in his Walk, called Blackpool, or Long Beech Hill, made about 13 Years ago; and Part of another; called Linwood Coppice, made

some Years before, in some Parts of which Inclosure is a great Deal of young Oak and Beech Timber, but near Half of them are quite bare. Some of the Pales of these Inclo-fores are downs the last is now repairing: — That they are under the Care of Flower Archurch, Keeper of Bramble-Hill Walk, who is paid a Salary by the Deputy Surveyor for looking after them*

Stephen Burton.

That he is paid by the Deputy Surveyor Two Guineas, for keeping the Furzey Lawn Inclosure in Repair.

Edward Pierce.

William Piper.

0\

o

That there is One old Inclosure, called partly in Demy Walk and partly in Lady Walk,

which he has been informed was made about 90 Years ago, and is now very full of fine young Oaks — That he has heard one Elizb Bagjbot say, that when a Girl, (he assisted with others in planting that Inclosure, and also Puck Pits and Bemley Coppice Inclosures 1 and that Pits or Beds of Three Spits of Ground each were dug a Yard apart, and Three Acorns planted triangularly in each Bed; that Half a Bushel of Acorns were allotted for each Person to plant in One Day , and that Two Regarders attended every Day during the Time of planting, to fee that it was properly done; and after the Ground was fully planted with Acorns, it was sown with Hawes, Hollyberries, Sloes, and Hafie Nuts, and Drains cut where necessary; and that Traps were set to catch Mice, and Persons attended daily to re-set the Traps, and keep off Crows and other Vermin, until the Plants came up — That there is One other Inclosure in Denny Walk, called Ether-rice Inclosure, made about

That there is One Inclo-fore within his Walk, called Picknowl, made about the Year i75*, 'n which is a great deal of young Timber; the Fences want some Repairs.

<1

OO

24° Julii. 1

r»

for repairing them, nor has he been -suppKcd with any Pales to put up in vacant Places.

1

o

cq"

i — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

the Year 175*, which was, fenced with a Ditch and' -Bank, and a single Post and Rail, and planted with Quicks, which being found inefficient to keep out either Deer, Cattle, or Swine, it was after--wards, about the Year 1761, rnclosed with a Post and Five Rail Fence, but the Rails so wide apart that the Does and young Male Deer crept in between them j and the First -planting having almost wholly failed, it was then sown with -Acorns Broad Cast by one i John Grant* employed by Mr.; Gilbert, then Deputy Sur* ' veyor j but little or no young; Timber coming up, the Land was ploughed by Order of the " late Duke of Bedford, about \ the Year 1769 or 1770, and , Acorns were provided for planting it again.) but the s Duke dying before it was ‘ completed, the planting was»' entirely neglected — That the * Fence was afterwards repaired by Order of the present De- ’ puty Surveyor, but the Ground 7 was not re-planted with A- ’ corns, so that more than HalfJ, of it is now entirely Waste. *

o(

o

cn

29 Geo. III. 44° Jitlil

Incroach-

ments.

D

eg'

i — h

n'

0

CL

cr

o

o

o

0«

FT

Flower Archurch,

That there have been many Incroachments made on his Walk, which he has presented at the Forest Courts when held, and pulled down thi Fences of several, which havd been put up again. j

That there are no Incroachments within his Walk.

George Maynard.

I:.....-

That there are many Incroachments within his Walk, some made before his Ap-jointment. — That he haspre-ented all that have been made since, at the Forest Courts, and pointed out the Whole to the Surveyor, who urveyed his Walk, except Three, which have been made

Robert Witbe

That there were many Incroachments within his Walk before the late Survey was made, of which he gave art accurate Account to the Sur veyor j and that One has been made since, by building

since the Survey was taken j Manor, with his Te

One consisting of about Two Acres and an Half of Land, inclosed by one John , of Minestead, since deceased $

another, consisting of about FourorFiveLuggs or Perches of Land, made by Jobif Hobbes, of Minefteady in Ad dition to his Garden; and another, consisting of about Four or Five Luggs, made by Joseph Walton, in Addition to his Orchard, of which last mentioned Incroachments he delivered in a Presentment to the Steward on the first Court Day after they were made.

Stephen Burton.

That there are many Incroachments within hisWalks, some made before his Appointment; that he has presented all that have been made since at the Forest Courts* and some (mail Fines

small Cabin at the Side of the have been imposed upon the

Road to Lyndburst Hill; andi that the Proprietor of Min-

nants, have fixed Bound Posts within the Boundaries of the King’s Ground, which were accurately taken by Mr. ebard/on, so as in several Places to incroach on his Walk, according to the Opinion of the oldest Men in the Neighbourhood; and that he objected to these Incroachments, but was over-ruled, and has had no Opportunity of presenting the Offences, no Courts having been held this Year,

Offenders, and many of the Incroachments thrown open, but most of them inclosed again for Want of ftriift Execution of the Laws*

Edward Pierce.

William Piper.

That there are many Incroachments within his Walks, which were ihewn to the Surveyors at the Time of the Survey; he has presented all that have been made since his Appointment at the Forest Courts, and the Fences of many of them have been thrown down, but put up again, and (till continued.

606 240 julii: 1789;

Fern and Furze,

Browfewood.

o

o

o

: That he hasalfo forbid and presented several Persons for cutting Fern in the Woods, which is very much practised in his Walk, and is very de-strudlive to the young Timber, and likewise for cutting Turf and Heath, by Persons that have no Right; but that the Courts not having been regularly held for 2 or 3 Years past, nor the Offenders punished, the Incroachments, and cutting of Fern and Heath, are continued; and he has observed that the Ver-derors, and other Officers of the Forest, cut Fern themselves, though he has always heard and believes no Person has a Right to cut it.

*-- ---

That he Annually cuts as much Browfewood for the Deer as he thinks necessary, according to the Mildness or Severity of the Season, and in such Places as he thinks proper, chiefly from the Tops of Hollies and Thorns. — (And speaks further to the like Effect as the other Examinants.)

1 And that if a Stop was put to the cutting of Browse-wood, it would require about 7 or 8 Loads of Hay Yearly (worth about £ 44) to feed the Deer with, in his Walk.

That the cutting of Fern, both in the Woods and open Parts, is very much practised, and is very destructive to the young Timber, but he has not presented any Person for cutting the fame, having never received any Orders from the Verderors, or other Officers, or from the Court, for that Purpose, and having also observed that some of the principal Forest Officers cut Fern themselves; but he believes that no Person has a Right to cut Fern in the Forest.

That he Annually cuts as much Browfewood, &c. (to the same Effect as the other Examinants.)

| And that if a Stop was put tb the cutting of Browfewood, there would be required about 5 Loads of Hay Yearly (worth about £.15) to feed the Deer with, inhisWalk. — And he fears, if Browsing was flopped, he Should lose the greatest Part of his Deer, as Sir Cha‘ Mills's Keeper in

Langley Manor, adjoining to his Walk, has lately made a Praflice of calling and browsing the King's Deer upon that Manor, and kills them when he thinks fit.

; That the cutting of Fern1 i» very much practifcd in his Walk, and is very destructive to the Growth of young Timber.

The fame.

And that if a Stop was put to the Cutting of . Browfewood, it would require about 6 Loads of Hay Yearly (worth about 18) to feed die Deer with, in his Walk; and he thinks that the feeding with Hay -would be better for the Forest,'and also for the young Deer, than Browsing; that he also thinks the Deer (and particularly the Red Deer) do some Damage to the young Timber and Cover, by cropping the Shoots.

To the same Effect as George Maynard.

The same as Geo. Maynard. — And that if a Stop was put to the cutting of Browfewood, there would be required about 3 Tons of Hay Yearly for every Hundred Deer (worth about ,£.21) to feed the Deer with, in his Walk.

That the cutting of Furze and Fern is very much practised in his Walk, which is very destruiflive to the Growth of young Timber. That he has presented many Persons for cutting Furze, and some small Fines have been paid for it, but never presented any for cutting of Fern, as he observed the Master Keepers, and other principal Forest Officers, have Fern cut for their own Use.

That there is a great deal !of Fern, and some Furze, cut in both his Walks, which is very destruflive to the young Timber. That he has presented several Persons for cutting Furze, but not for cutting Fern, having observed that Fern is cut for the Use of the Verderors, and other principal Officers of the Forest.

The same as Rob* Wither-ington. — And that if a Stop W3S put to the cutting of Browfewood, it would require about 8 Loads of Hay Yearly (worth about £.24) to feed the Deer with, in his Walk.

The fame. — -And that if a Stop was put to the cutting of Browfewood, it would require about % Loads of Hay Yearly (worth about £. 24) to feed the Deer with, in hi* Walk.

Os

o

<1

29 Geo. III. 24° Julii.

Flower Archurch. George Maynard. 1 Robert Witberington. Stephen Burton. Edward Pierce. William Piper.

Fuel Wood. 1 1 |i 1 I ] s. j I 1 That when any Fuel Wood las been assigned in his Walk, i which has not been more than Fwice since his Appointment, le has always attended the marking and felling of it, and used his best Endeavours to prevent more being taken than was assigned. — That he never knew any Part of the Fuel Wood in his Walk fold, but believes it has.sometimes been exchanged by some of the Claimants to Oak Timber for Repairs. That there has not been} my Fuel Wood cut in hisji Walk since his Appointment^} to the best of his Remem-} brance. J 1 ’ ' r - That the Fuel Wood cut n his Walk is about 74 Loads Yearly, by Assignment of the Purveyor, Woodward, and Regarders. That he, attends 1 the marking and felling of the Fuel Wood as far as he is able, and uses his best Endeavours to prevent more being cut than is assigned, but he has observed that jpamage is sometimes done* in felling the Fuel Trees, by throwing down and destroying young Timber. Trees, and Branches of Trees and Saplings near them, and then frequently cutting them with the Fuel Wood. — That the best Parts of the Fuel Trees are commonly cut into Rails for the }Coal Works at , Jand some cut into Card Boards Jfor Wool -Combing,-and the jLops and Tops made into }Charcoal, and he believes that very little is really used for Fuel. That there has been Fuel Wood cut in his. Walk every Year since his Appointment, to the best of his Remembrance — That he attends the marking of the Fuel Trees, and does all in his Power to prevent any from being cut that is not assigned, receiving a List from the Woodward of what is assigned. % To the same Effaft as- Rob' Witberington. ' That the Fuel Wood cut in his 2 Walks is about 245 0\ Loads Yearly, by the Afllgn- O ment of the Purveyor, Wood- QQ ward, and Regarders. That he uses his utmost Endeavours to prevent more being cut than is assigned, but he has observed that great Damage is often done in felling the Fuel Trees, by throwing down and destroying the young Timber Trees, Branches of Trees, and Saplings near :chem, and then frequently cutting them with the Fuel Wood. That he believes most of the Fuel Wood assigned in Lady Cro/s Walk is used as Fuel, but the best Part of the Fuel Trees assigned in Whitley Ridge, are commonly »£, cut into Rails and Truck 0 Wheels, in the Forest, for the Cjj Coal Works at Newcastle, and 355* other Uses, and most of the 5?^ Lops and Tops made into Charcoal j, and be believes that more Trees are some-.times taken than assigned.

eg' ] Coal Hearths* CD Cl cr "< ! O 0 eg. ' FT .! That there are antient Coal Hearths now in Use for making Charcoal in his Walk, all in the Woods, fenced round with Fern and Bullies; does not know that they do any Harm to the Woods or Timber; and has never discovered any W.ood.or Timber stolen to make Charcoal. I 9 That there are now Coal jHearths in Use for making jCharcoal in his Walk, all in the Woods, and fenced with Branches of Trees and Bulhes; [believes that they damage the [Trees and Cover near them. That there are about 8 Coal Hearths now inUfe for making Charcoal in his Walk, all in the Woods,fenced round with Fern and Boughs 5 that he does not know that the Smoak does any Harm to the Woods or Timber, but believes the Colliers sometimes cut Boughs of Trees that are near to the Hearths, 1 The same as Robert Witberington. — And that in general the Coal Hearths are made wherever the Colliers think proper, without asking Leave of any Forest Officer} but that 8 or 9 Years ago 3 Coal Hearths were made in Woodfidley Inclosure, and on his forbidding the Colliers from making any there, they jtold him they had Leave from the Deputy Surveyor; and the Deputy Surveyor ordered thi* Examinant to let them remain, to save the Colliers- the T rouble of carrying the Wooc iput of the Cover, That there are now Two Coal Hearths in Use for mak-" ing Charcoal, in Whitley Ridge Walk,both in- the Wood, and fenced with Branches of BeecK Trees and Bushes. t — 1 00 vo

6o8 24? Ju' A. 1789*

® Turf and 1 ^4 Heath. c < That great Quantities of Turf and Heath are cut for the Commoners j but that if he finds any Person cutting Turf or Heath whom he supposes to have no Right, he forbids him. That great Quantities of Turf and Heath are cut in his Walk by the Commoners. That a great Quantity of Turf is cut for the Commoners; but that if he finds any Persons cutting in improper Places, he forbids them, and that if they do not remove, he carries off the Turves. That great Quantities of Turf and Heath are cut in his Walk, both by the Commoners and by Strangers. That he has always forbid those whom he supposed to have no Right, and presented several at the Courts, and some Offenders have been fined for it. That great Quantities of Turf and Heath are cut in Lady Cross IValk by the Commoners, and lie believes by Strangers.

Rabbits, t That there are no Rabbit Warrens within his Walk, but some Rabbits in the open Parts j that Orders were given to him to destroy them about a Years ago, by the Deputy Surveyor, in consequence of which he used his utmost Endeavours to destroy them, and there arc very few now remaining. / That there are no Rabbit Warrens in his Walk: That when he was appointed Keeper there were a great Number of Rabbits in the open Parts, but he has used his befit Endeavours to destroy them, in consequence of Orders given, first by the Duke of , and afterwards by Colonel Hey wood. Deputy to the present Lord Warden, and that there are very few now remaining. / That there are no Rabbit Warrens in his Walks, but some Rabbits in the open Parts; but he has used his best Endeavours to destroy them, in consequence of Orders from the Steward to the Lord Warden, and that there are very few now remaining.

Cattle. P . 1 That all Kinds of Cattle are admitted into his Walk, and some Persons have lately turned Sheep into his Walk, notwithstanding he has forbid them, and no Court having been held lately, has not been able to present them. That he is unable to distinguish between the Cattle of Commoners and Strangers, &c. [fee. — (As spoken to by the other Examinants.) That he admits all Kinds of Cattle into his Walk, except Sheep. That, &c. (as the other Examinants) — That the Marksmen pay him One Penny per Mark, and another Penny, called the Pound Penny, for the Cattle of each separate Owner. — And further to the same Eflttt as the other Examinants. 0 That all Kinds of Cattle are admitted into his Walk, and sometimes Sheep, but he always drives them back when he fees them; — and to the same Effect as the other Examinants. # That he admits all Kinds of Cattle into his Walk, and some Sheep. That he presented the fending Sheep into the Forest about 2 Years ago, but no Notice was taken of it. — That about 3 Years ago he obliged all the Owners to appear, before allowing the Cattle to leave the Pound; — and further to the same EfiPeft as all the other Examinants. That all Kinds of Cattle are admitted into his Walk, and of late Years many Sheep have been turned on the Common in the Nodes Division. That he used to impound Sheep, and fine the Owners a Shilling a Head, in the late Duke of Bedford's Time, but not since, not having been so well supported in doing his Duty} — and to the fameEffcdt as the other Examinants. That all Kinds of Cattle are admitted into his Walks; — and to the like Effect as the other Examinants.

OS

o

vo

2P Geo. III. 24° Juki.

Swine.

Drivings.

2

O 9 o

Flower Ar

__x_________________ —

That Swine are admitted into the Forest from the 14th Sept' to the nth O. S. by the Lord Warden’s Steward, who gives a Ticket to the Owner, expressing the Number admitted (which is called Ovafling) paying for every Hog, and 2d. for every Pig to the Steward, for the Use of the Lord Warden, for the whole Time of Pannage.

That the Forest is usually driven Twice in the Year, Once for Horned Cattle about Midsummer, and again for Swine about the Middle of Pannage Time (at the Direction of the Lord Warden’s Steward); and after the First Driving for Swine, the Keepers drive their own Walks as often as they think proper, for Swine only, to fee that they are properly ringed } and that they demand 4 d.each for all that are unringed during the Time of Pannage, or One Shilling after that Time. — That the Profits arising to him from all the Drivings are in general not sufficient to pay the Expence attending it.

(Signed) Flower Archurch.

George Maynard.

To the same Effect.

paying to the Steward for the Pannage, for the Use of the Lord Warden, at different Rates for different Places, according to the Forest Claims.

To the same Effett.

That he (jointly with the Keeper of Denney Walk) pays Yearly 6s. id. to the Tenants of the Forest, for assisting him in Driving; and that the Profits arising to him for all the Drivings are seldom sufficient to defray that Expence.

(Signed) George Maynard.

Robert Witherington.

To the same Effect.

To the same Effect. — And i that after the first Driving the y ! demand 4 d.each for all that, are unringed, besides One Penny per Mark, and the1* Pound Penny from each Owner during Pannage Time; and after that Time for each Hog or Pig, ringed or unringed, but some Swine remain in all the Year — That the Profits arising to him from all the Drivings are in general not sufficient to pay the Expence attending it.

(Signed) Robert Wifbering/on.1

Stephen Burton. Edward Pierce. William Piper.

V To the same Effect. The fame. t The same as the other Examinants. 1

The same as Flower Ar-burch. The fame. The fame.

- That he pays Yearly (jointly with the Keeper of Walk) 6s. id. to the Tenants iof the Forest for Assistance; and that the Profits arising to him from all the Drivings are in general not sufficient to defray the Expence. That he pays 3*. 4 for ;each Walk to the Tenants of the Forest for assisting him, and that the Profits arising to him from all the Drivings are in general not more than sufficient to pay the Expence attending it.

(Signed) Stephen Burton. (Signed) Ed;v* Pierce. (Signed) Piper.

6to 14° Julii. A. 1789

24° Julii. 6 ii

29 Geo. III.

N° 23.

Extra# of a Letter from John late Duke of

ford’,late Lord Warden of the New Forest, to the Lords of the Treasury; dated September 29th 1768.

I must now state to your Lordships the radical Evil I have long complained of, and which, if not dera-

cinated, must finally put an End to this great and noble Forest, the properest by the Aptness of its Soil for the Growth of Timber, and by its Vicinity to mouth, to supply the Royal Navy with fine and valuable Timber. The Annual Charges which have hitherto been borne by Sales of Timber Yearly made in the Forest, to raise Money for the following Purposes, are these viz.

The Woodward’s Salary, per Annum — —

The Groomkeepers, Rangers, &c. — —

My Salary, as Housekeeper at Lyndbttrft — —

The Keepers, Nobles, and Incidentals —

Repairs of the Bridges, Forest Pounds, &c. amounting, coibus amis, to

£. aoo -

300 ——

.70 — —

57 ——

60 ——

£. 687 - -

The Sum of £. 687 is Annually defrayed by Sales of Timber made for that Purpose; and, though to raise no larger a Sum, yet, on Account of Perquisites of Bark, Lop and Top, &c. occasions a Loss to His Majesty of at least Double (if not Treble) the Sum intended to be raised, and consequently occasions much Waste of Timber. The Forest likewise bears in the same Way the Expence of new building and repairing all the Lodges of the Master and Under Keepers, the Repairs of the King’s House and Stables at Lyndburst,supporting the Rails round the Lodges,

which at this Time will amount, as appears by an Estimate I have caused to be made by a (kilful Workman, to at least the Sum of 1,800: The Fuel allowed to the Master and Under Keepers, which allotted to them Yearly would amount, if fold, to the Value of about £. 130, and is likewise taken Yearly out of the Forest, under the like Disadvantage of Perquisites, as the aforegoing Sums. All this makes so great a Charge upon the Forest that it is impossible it mould, in its declining State, be long able to support it. To remedy which, I mal/e this Propofai, for your Lordships’ Consideration.

The Board of Treasury has at present (as I am informed) a Contract with the Navy Beard, to fumilh out of New Forest 500 Loads of Oak Timber Annually, at £. 1. 18 per Load, to be approved as fit for His Majesty’s Navy by the Purveyor. The Price that must be given to the Merchant for Timber of like Goodness (could it be found) would be from

£. 3. 10 to £.3. 15 per Load} the Bonus given to the Navy is consequently from /. 1. 12 to i. 17 per Load5 the Money arising from this Sale being £. 950, is paid into the King’s Exchequer. It is not proposed by me to touch this Sum, or jmy Part of it, but to make for the Service of the Forest another Contract with the Navy Board for 350 Loads more of Oak Timber Annually, at £. per Load, which will give a Bonus to the Navy of at least 1. 10 per Load, which will produce £. 700 a Year, as all Charges of Purveyorship and Perquisites may justly be taken off, as no Person’s Place will be diminished, this being an Overplus of Timber of what has been hitherto furnished for the Navy. 1 take upon me to allure your Lordships, that there is a Sufficiency in the Forest, of the Sort of Timber which is full ripe, to afford cutting this Quantity for 80 or 100 Years, before which Time other Timber will come in Succession. Fifty Beeches at £. 1. 11 are likewise by the present Contract furnished to the Navy, the Amount of which is likewise paid into the Exchequer, and I propose that 50 more Beech may be furnished at the same Price (which may very well be spared) and will amount at least to £. 200; this Sum, with the £. 700 proposed to be raised by the Contract for the additional Oak Timber, will amount to £. 900 Annually; which I propose should be applied for the Use of the Forest, in lieu of those Sums now raised by Sales of Timber, in the following Manner:

The Housekeeper at Lyndburst’s Salary The Woodward’s Salary —

His Deputy, in lieu of Perquisites

The Groomkeepers, See. — -

Keepers Nobles, and Incidentals Addition of £. 10 per Annum to each Under Keeper, in lieu of Fuel — £. 2 per Annum to each Keeper to keep his Premilfes in Repair, under In speftion of the Lord Warden ——

70 ——

200 ——

50 ——

300 ——

57 ——

130 ——

26 ——

£ 833 -

This Sum of £. 833 is ptoposed to be defrayed out of the £. 900 to be raised upon the new Contract with the Navy Board, and the Residue (if any) to be paid into the Exchequer. I have proposed the Addition of £.10 per Annum to each of the Under or Groomkeepers (as they are called in the Forest) in lieu of Fuel, as I know that what is allowed them for Fuel amounts to as great a Sum, and costs the Forest much more. The £. 2 per Annum for keeping the Premisses in Repair is likewise proposed on an ceconomical Principle, and will be sufficient, when their Lodges are once put in Repair, to keep them Wind and Water tight.

When your Lordships are pleased to make any Assignments for raising Money for His Majesty’s Service uut of the Forest, I must refer to my former Letter 4

for the Measures I have there proposed for the preventing, as much as may be, those Abuses which have hitherto been practised.

I did in that Letter propose the making some new Inclosures for the raising up young Oak; but this has been so Ihamefully executed by those who were employed in, the doing it, without any Intervention of mine, that, though the Inclosures have been perfe#ly well, and very expensively fenced off for above Thirteen Years past, there is not the least Appearance of Timber coming up, nor could I fee even One single Oak in the Compass of several Hundred Acres } the Acorns having been ftrowed only upon the Ling and other Trumpery which covered the Ground, without plowing it} by which Means it remains now a good Covert for Pheasants, for which Purpose I believe it

was

6i2 24° JA. 1780.

was intended by those who had the Management in the setting it out, and no other, except it might be for a Pretence of cutting a large Quantity of Timber for the fencing it. There are, I think. Three of the Inclosures which I propole to your Lordships Should be re-foWn with Acorns, after having been prepared for it by taking off One Crop of Oats.

N* 24.

The Examination of Thomas Nichols, Gentleman, Purveyor of Portsmouth Dock Yard, and One of the Regarders of the New; taken on Oath, the 25th Day of November 1788.

This Examinant was appointed -Purveyor of Portsmouth Dock Yard in the Month of December 1782. — -By the Act of 9th and 10th 111. for the In-

crease and Preservation of Timber in the New it is Enacted, That whensoever any Wood or Timber shall at any Time or Times be directed to be felled in any Part of the said Forest, Two or more of the Ver-derors, and Four or more of the Regarders of the said Forest, shall have Notice thereof, and the same shall be first viewed and allowed to be felled by a Commissioner or Officer of His Majesty’s Navy, and shall not' be cut or felled until such View and Allowance. This Duty is performed by the Purveyor of Portsmouth Yard for the Time being, who, in pursuance of the Directions of the Act, marks all Timber and Trees to be felled in the Forest for any Purpose whatever, in the Presence of the Deputy Surveyor or Woodward, and Three or more of the Regarders: The Timber to be felled for the Use of the Navy is first marked by him, with an Assistant Builder from Portsmouth Yard; and after the Felling, he rases off the Tops in the Presence of the Regarders, and reserves all Parts that may be fit for the Navy. He directs and attends the hewing of the Trees; and when hewn, gives Notice to the Commissioner at Portsmouth Yard, who again fends an Assistant Builder to survey and take up the Timber; and if upon such Survey any Trees are found unfit for Naval Use, they are rejected; the Timber which is approved is then delivered to the Purveyor by Indenture, expressing the Number and Quantity of the Trees. The Timber is conveyed from the Forest to the Dock Yard by Contraft, at the Charge of the Navy Board, and the Purveyor superintends and directs the Carriage of it to the Wharfs, and the loading of the Vessels; makes out Bills of Lading for the Direction of the Master of the Vessels in delivering, and the Storekeeper in receiving the Timber at the Yard; and when the whole Quantity taken up is delivered, he certifies the same to the Commissioner at the Yard, in order that Navy Bills for the Value of the Timber may be issued to the Lord Warden, the Surveyor General, or the Woodward.

When the Tops are rased (which is^marking the Trees where the Tops are to be cut off, reserving what is fit for the Navy) they are valued by the Regarders present, and afterwards sold by the Deputy Surveyor, and left to be cut oft' by the Purchasers. The cast Timber rejected on the Survey is also valued by the Regarders, and left for Sale under the Charge of the Deputy Surveyor. This is the Mode in which the Business has hitherto been carried on; but this Examinant begs Leave to lugged that there appears to him to be an Impropriety in leaving the Tops to be cut oft* by the Purchasers, and would recommend that they Should be cut off at the Expence of the Crown, it being almost impossible to prevent the Hewers from being secretly connected with the Purchasers; and he believes that Advantages have sometimes been taken of the Opportunities thereby

afforded of cutting off more than was intended to be sold.

He also marks all Timber or Trees to be felled for Repairs, or for'raising Money by Sale; views all Windfall Trees, and felefts such Parts thereof as are fit for Naval Use. These are also surveyed by the Assistant Builder, and afterwards sent to the Dock Yard, and Bills are issued for the same to the Surveyor General or the Woodward, under the Name off Casual Surveyor General’s, or Casual Woodward’s Timber: He likewise marks all Trees to be felled for Fuel, for which Purpose he felefts such ferubbed or defective Beech Trees only as are unfit or unlikely to become fit for the Navy, or such as impede the Growth of the Oak.: j;

He receives no Salary, Fee, Reward, Perquisite, or Emolument whatever, for the Business executed by him in the Forest as Purveyor, other than his ordinary Pay as. an Officer of Dock Yard,

except Eight Loads of Fuel Wood Yearly, of the Value of Four Pounds, or thereabouts, which his Predeceffols have usually received. ' .

This Examinant is also One of the Regarders of the New Forest, choseri in the Year 1784, by the Freeholders of the County. There are in all Twelve Regarders, whose Office is to view and value all Wood and Timber fold in the Forest, and attend the Sales; to attend the marking of all Trees to be felted for any Purpose whatever; to examine into and take Cognizance of all Trespasses and Offences committed in the Forest, and present them at the Forest Courts; ,to examine the Accounts of the Officers, and sign them, if they appear to be just. The Regarders have no Yearly Salary, but are paid Two Shillings and Six Pence per Day for every Day on which they attend any Business in the Forest, by the Officer to whose Department the Business belongs. There has uftially been one Fall of Naval Timber Yearly, under a Contraft: with the Lord Warden. All other Falls of Timber for the Navy, Repairs of Lodges or Fences, or for Sale, are under the Charge of the Surveyor General. The Timber felled under the Lord Warden’s Contraft is usually marked by this Examinant, with the Lord Warden’s Steward, who is one of the Regarders, in the Presence of others. The Deputy Surveyor attends the marking of the Naval and other Timber under his Charge; and the Deputy Woodward attends the assigning of Fuel Wood and Timber for Repairs of Copyhold Tenements; but though the Deputy Surveyor and Deputy Woodward are both Regarders, it has not been customary for the Deputy Surveyor to attend the marking of the Navy Timber for the Lord Warden, or the Fuel W'ood or Te- -nants Repair Timber, nor for the Deputy Woodward to attend the marking of any Naval Timber, unless they happened to be then in the Forest on other Occasions.

The Sorts of Timber (landing in the Forest are Oak and Beech. The Oak is of very different Qualities and Textures, owing to the Variety of Soils on which it grows, and to its being of several Species, and felled at different Ages; that which (lands too long, and is abused by lopping, is frequently fhaky, or otherwise considerably defective. Though the Oak flourishes bed in a rich, deep, loamy Soil, yet there are few Soils in the Forest where it does not grow, and to a large Size; and if felled in proper Time, and not abused, proves to be useful, good Timber; and no Timber that he has ever seen is in better Forms for Ship-building, or produces a greater Number of Knees of the bed Kind. The Causes which contribute to the Injury, and prevent the Growth and Propagation of Timber in the Forest, are, First, the de-struftive Practice of the Cottagers and others lopping and dealing the Trees in a most (hameful Manner, particularly about Cadnam, in Walk,

29 Geo. III. 240 Julii. 613

and Lyvdburjl, in Ironjhill Walk; the Tenants and of any Kind done in the Eoreft, the Estimates being

others cutting of Fern, which he is informed they so calculated as to admit of the said Deduttion of Five have no Right to do; and the Keepers constantly per Cent, for the Use of the Surveyor General. All' cutting the Underwood for browsing the Deer. He Trees felled in the Forest for the Navy, for Sale, Rejudges these to be Two of the most injurious Customs pairs. Fuel, or any other Purpose, are first viewed and in the Forest; the mowing of Fern destroys the young marked by the Purveyor of the Navy, in the Presence

Timber Plants as fast as they come up, and the cut- of Four or Five of the Regarders of the Forest, and 1

ting the Underwood that would nurse and protett sometimes more. There have been usually Two

them from Injury; by these Means the detached Parts Falls of Timber Yearly for the Use of the Navy, One of the Woods are prevented from uniting and extend- of Five hundred Loads of Oak and Fifty Beech Trees,

ing themselves. The Forest would produce vast under the Care of the-Surveyor General, and another

Quantities of Timber, was ic not for those Prattices, Fall of Three hundred Seventy Loads , of Oak and

as is verified in every Instance where there are no Fifty Beech Trees, under the Care of the Lord War-

Deer, and where the Underwood is suffered to grow, den, besides extra Falls of Timber occasionally made j

Many Parts of the Forest and some of the Inclosures by Special Warrants, which are also under the Sur-

are over-run with Rabbits, and nothing can be more veyor General’s Charge. This Examinant always at-

prejudicial to young Timber than these Vermin. The tends on the marking and surveying of the Navy and

Claimants going into the Woods, and cutting their other Timber in the Surveyor General’s Department, I

own Fuel Wood, though there is much Care taken in and sometimes, but not always, on the marking of the;

marking nothing for Fuel but small inferior Beech Navy Timber in the Lord Warden’s Department; and.

Trees, and such as impede the Growth of the Oaks, he also attends on the assigning of Fuel Wood for Cox

yet as most of them fell their Fuel, and it is not ap- Leaze House, being held under a Lease from the

plied to that Use, there are strong Inducements to Crown; but he very seldom attends on the assigning. take what is not marked for them, and they are not of any other Fuel Wood, or of Timber for Repairs for easily detected in doing it; Beside the Damage done the Copyhold Tenants. The Timber for the Navy to the Woods in felling it, great Mischief is also done is first marked by the Purveyor, with another Officer to the young Timber and Wood by the Forest Colts from the Dock Yard, in ’the Presence of the usual and Asses, which are suffered to remain in the Forest Number of Regarders; and after the Trees are felled, all the Year. If these Evils were removed, apd the and the Bark stripped off, the Tops are rased by the.

Woods properly thinned from Time to Time, the Purveyor, which is marking them where they are to be Fences of the present Inclosures put in good Repair, cut off for Sale, leaving what is fit for the Use of the and kept up, and the Inclosures well attended to, by Navy, and the Tops are then sold by Auttion, and planting the vacant Places, and thinning where ne- left to be cut off by the Purchasers; and it frequently eessary, and other Plantations judiciously made, and happens that the Persons employed to hew the Tim-rightly managed, the Forest would become one of the ber for the Navy are the Purchasers of the Lops and seest Nurseries for Timber, perhaps in the World, and Tops, or connected with them, and he believes that go a great Way towards supplying PortjmouthYard Instances have happened of a greater Quantity of

with Naval Timber. Timber than was marked for Sale, and sometimes

(Signed) Tho* Nichols \Pieces fit for the Navy, have been cut off and carried away, and no effectual Means have yet been; used to prevent such Abuse. The Timber for the N° 15. Navy is afterwards surveyed by the Purveyor, with.

an Officer from the Dock Yard, and the ufoal The Examination of Henry Tombts, Deputy to the Number of Regarders, and if any is found unfit for

Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Naval Use, it is rejetted, and marked as Cast Tim-Forests, for the New Forest, and One of the ber, and valued by the Regarders for Sale; such Regarders of that Forest; taken on Oath, the Cast Timber as arises from the Falls in the Deparc-17th December 1788. ment of the Lord Warden, is taken into the Care of the Lord Warden’s Steward, and sold by him, and This Examinant was first appointed Deputy Sur- such as arises in the Department of the Surveyor veyor General for the New Forest, by John Pitt, General is received into the Care of the Deputy Sur- Esquire, late Surveyor General, in the Year 1778, at veyor General, to be sold by him, and is generally fold the Yearly Salary of Fifty Pounds. He has usually by Auttion, at the next ensuing Sale of the Tops of taken as Perquisites belonging to him the old Posts, Navy Beech Trees, and accounted for to the §ur-Pales, or Rails, left on repairing any Fences belonging veyor General; but for some Years pad the Gast Tim-to the Forest; he has also usually received Five Shil- ber has not been sold at the regular Times, owing to lings a Year from each of the Regarders, on settling a Combination among the Purchasers not to give the with and paying them for their Attendance on any Bufi- Price at which it had been valued by the Regarders. ness in his Department; and One Shilling per Lot for The Two last Sales of Tops and Bark were adver-

each Lot of Timber, Wood, or Bark, fold in the tifed in the Southampton and Salisbury Newspapers,

Forest, from the Purchasers of such Lots; he cannot and Notices fixed up in the Market Towns in the set forth the Amount of those Perquisites, not having Neighbourhood of the Forest, about Ten Days or a kept any Account of them. Fortnight previous to the Days of Sale; but on all

The Fees and Perquisites received by him for the former Sales since his Appointment ? written Notice late Surveyor General, were Two Shillings as Chip only was sent to the neighbouring Towns, about a Money, for each Naval Tree, paid by the Purchasers Week or Ten Days before the Sale, of the Lops and Tops of such Trees, for which an Al- When any Lodges or Buildings in the Forest are to lowance was made to them in the Price paid for the be re-built or repaired, after the Matter has been refame; also a Poundage of Five perCent.on the Amount ferred to the Surveyor General, this Examinant, by of the Sales of the Lops, Tops, and Bark, and Sales his Order, has usually employed a Workman to of Cast Naval Oak or Beech, or any other Timber or make an Estimate of the Expence, and has returned ic Wood fold in the Forest, which Poundage was de- to the Surveyor General, who reported the same to dutted by this Examinant out of the Produce of the the Treasury; and after Warrants have been issued for Sales, and accounted for to the Surveyor General; performing the Works according to such Estimates, also a like Poundage of Five^er Cent.on the Amount this Examinant has usually undertaken the Execution j of all Estimates for Buildings, Repairs, or other Works of the Business on the Terms of the Estimates, and

Vol. XLIV. 7 R employed

614 24 0 Julii.A. 1789.

employed Workmen to perform the same accordingly, accounting to the Surveyor General for his Poundage of Five per Cent, on the Amount of such Estimates. It

has not been usual, since he has held the Office, for the previous Estimates to be made or delivered upon Oath, or for any of the Regarders or any other Person to be employed to overfec, inspect, or examine the Execution of the Works, or the Accounts of the Expences thereof, or for the Estimates or Accounts of such Works to be presented or examined at the Forest Courts. When Timber is wanted for performing such Works or Repairs, the Quantity which is usually specified in the Warrant is set out by the Purveyor of the Navy, in the Presence of the usual Number of Regarders. The Quantity is not delivered by Measure but by Estimation, and if any Surplus remains above what is actually used, this Examinant takes it for his own Use, as Part of the Allowance of the Estimate.

This Examinant sometimes attends on the assigning of Fuel Wood, but not often, as he lives at a great Distance from the Places where it is usually cut. The Sort of Wood cut for Fuel is Beech, such as is not likely to be fit for the Navy, but robs and damages the Oak. After it is assigned, the Parties make what Use of it they think fit} great Part of it is converted into Rails and Trucks, for the Use of the Coal Works at Newcastle, and is generally prepared for that Purpose in the Forest j no Time is limited for taking it aiyay, and no Officer of the Forest attends the felling of it, and he has seen Stools of Trees cut without having been marked, supposed to have been stolen by those employed in cutting the Fuel Wood} and he once seized a Tree so stolen, and the Offender was afterwards prosecuted, and fined for it.

There have been no new Inclosures made in the Forest since the Time of his Appointment, but he remembers that at that Time the Inclosures at

Wifoerley, and Aldridge Hill, were much infefted with Rabbits. He has been informed, that there were Rabbits in those Places at the Time of making the Inclosures, and that the Bullies which grew there were grubbed up at that Time; whatever young Trees have come up there, except-a few-in Rhinefield

Inclosure, have all been destroyed by the Rabbits, and the making the Inclosures in those Places seems to have answered no other Purpose than converting the Ground into fenced Warrens, and making Inclosures for the Keepers Cattle.

About the Year 1785, this Examinant, by the Direction of the late Surveyor General, brought Four Persons from Dorsetshire to destroy the Rabbits in the Forest. Those Persons destroyed a great Number during the Time they stayed there, and would have engaged to destroy the Whole, for the Profit of the Rabbits only 5 but the Keepers, who make considerable Profits from the Rabbits, fearing the y should lose that Advantage, gave every Opposition they could to the Men employed in destroying them, who were at length obliged to desist.

This Examinant is now employed in executing a Warrant from the Treasury, for repairing the Fences of an Inclosure, called Linwood Coppice, which was made about the Year 1772, but was wilfully set on Fire about Two Years ago, when above Eighty Acres of it were totally consumed. The Method followed by him in planting is to dig Pits or Beds about Two Feet broad, at the Distance of a Perch from each other, and to set Three or Four Acorns in each Bed, but without sowing Hawes, or planting Bullies, or any other Thing with them. The digging and planting is done by Contract, at per Acre, itie

cluding Acorns j and the new Fencing, which con-, fills of Polls, double Rails, and Pales, is done at 6s. 6d. per Rod, under the Inspection of this Exami-

nant. The Inclosures called Long Beech Hill, Raven’s Nejl, Sloden and Ashley Inclosures, are also included in the said Estimate and Warrant, and are to be repaired and re-planted in the same Manner; as are likewise the Inclosures called Rhinefield, and Aldridge

Hill Inclosures,but the latter is now so infefted with

Rabbits, that it can answer no useful Purpose to replant them till they are destroyed. The new fencing and planting of the Inclosures now under Repair }s done by Con trad, by one Isaac Sign, at the Prices above expressed; and this Examinant has no Profit from executing these Works, nor is any Poundage taken or to be taken thereon for the Use of the present Surveyor General; but for fupfcrintending the Execution of the Works comprized in the said Estimate this Examinant has an Allowance amounting to ^bout One hundred Pounds, exclusive of his ordinary Salary.

This Examinant has also received Orders to make Estimates of the Expence of repairing and re-planting all the other Inclosures in the Forest, the Fences of which have been for a considerable Time pall so much out of Repair as to admit the Deer and Cattle; this Examinant pot having been provided with Pales for making small Repairs, and having no Authority for making any Repairs without a Warrant from the Treasury, and thinking these small Repairs too trifling for an Application to the Surveyor General to procure a Warrant from the Treasury for that Purpose alone.

This Examinant is also One of the Regarders of the said Forest, chosen in or about the Year 1781, by the Freeholders of the County. The Duty of the Regarders he conceives to be to attend on the marking of all Trees to be felled in the Forest for any Purpose whatever, and to take Cognizance of any Offences or Trespasses committed in the Forest, and present the same at the Forest Courts. The Regarders have not any Yearly Salary; but are allowed is. 6d. per Day for every Day on which they actually attend any Business in the Forest, which is paid by the Officer in whose Department the Business is executed. It has not been usual for the Deputy Woodward to attend on the marking of Timber to be felled in the Surveyor General’s Department, nor for the Deputy Surveyor General to attend the marking of Fuel Wood or Tenants Repair Timber, which is in the Woodward’s Department, unless they happened to be in the Forest on other Business; but the Deputy1 Woodward being also a Regarder, it has been customary for this Examinant to pay him the Re-garder's Allowance, and to receive the like Allowance from him, in the same Manner as if they actually attended the whole Business in both Departments. The Fees or Allowances received by this Examinant as Regarder have amounted, one Year with another, to about £. 16 a Year. He admits that the Duty of the Office of Regarder is incompatible with that of any other Office of the Forest, the Regarders being intended as a Check on the Conduct of the other Forest Officers; but he doubts whether a sufficient Number of Regarders could be got to attend the Business of the Forest, if none of the Forest Officers were chosen Regarders, the Allowance of is. 6d. per Day being inadequate to the Trouble and Loss of Time, and often insufficient to defray the Charge of Horse Hire, and other Expences which the Regarders are put to in attending the Business of the Forest.

(Signed) Henry Tombcs.

N* 26.

2p Geo. III. 240 Julit.

N* 56.

An ACCOUNT of Monies expended in re-building and fepairing the several Lodges in the

Forest, and repairing the King’s House at Lyndhurjf, and of rough Timber allowed for the fame, from 1761 to 1787, both induftve.

Dates of Warranu.

7 March 1761. 20 Fthf 1764.

16 April 1767.

II FcbJ 1768. 14 July 1768. 28 May 1771-

18 June 1771* 3 Junt

3 June m3' 22 March 1774-

21 June 177^ 26 March 1777*

11 August 1780.

20 NoV 178 *

22 March 1782.

22 March 1782-

li -A-fay 1782* 17 7«/y 1786. 24 SV/>/r 1787.

Worlcj ordered.

Repairs of Bolderwood Little Lodge and Pales ——

Re-building Lady Cr Lodge —

Repairing Irons-Will Matter Keeper’s 1 Lodge, and re-building the Under t Keeper's Lodge — — J

Repairs at Burley Lodge — —

Repairs at the Pond at Burley Lodge -Repairs at Ryncfield Lodge, Estimate -The Works done exceeded the Estimate ——

Repairs at Bolderwood Lodge — — -

Re-building AJklry and Brocmy Lodges, and repairing those of Bramble Hilly CajileMalwood,

worth, Lady CroJs, and Ridge

Walks — — —

Repairing Rynejeld and Lodges Repairs at the King's House at

hurst ——

Repairs at RyntfieUGreat Lodge —

Repairs at IrcnjhillLodge

Repairs at the King’s House and Stables at Lyndburjl, and at Ryncfield,

Wilverley, Broomy, and Ashley Lodges,

estimated at J. 986. 18, but charged in the Accounts of the Surveyor General at — — —

Repairs at Bolderwood Matter Keeper’s Lodge — — —

Repairs at the King’s House at Lyndburjl, estimated at £.524. 13. i-J-. but charged in the Accounts of the Surveyor General at — —

Repairs at Rynefield Master Keeper’s Lodge, and at Ashley,

Broomy, Eyeworth, Makvood,

Whitley Ridge, Bramble Hill, Dinney, Lady CroJs, and Hohnjley Lodges, J. 240. 2. 6, and for the Purchase of 28 Loads of rough Timber to be used in the said Works, £. 70, in all — — —

Repairs at Aflwrjl Lodge — —

Repairs at Bolderwood Matter Keeper’s Lodge — — —

Repairs at Irons-Hill Master Keeper’s Lodge — — —

1V. B. The original Estimate for the last mentioned Repairs amounted to £.931. 13. 8, but was reduced to £. 541. 7. a, in Consequence of a Report from the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Total of Repairs under the Direction of the Surveyor General . —

Sum* laid oat.

I' *' d.

*33 4

m 9 9

1,29211 9

1,022 16 1

34-9 S ~ 199 8 10

64 — 4

493 7 6

631 1 9

519 11 6

38* S 4

270 — 2

496 6

931 *4 2 712 7 4

526 3 9

310 4 6

55 *5 —

321 19 10 54* 7 2

9*43* — 7

How supplted.

By Wood Sales.

By Debenture on Revenue.

Land

By Wood Sale* - - £ 300 — — By Debenture 00 Land Revenue - - £992 tt 9

£.1,291 a 9

By Wood Sales.

By Wood Sales.

By Sale of Alder Trees,

By Wood Sales.

By Wood Sales.

By Wood Sales.

Out of Land Revenue. Out of Land Revenue. By Wood Sales.

Rough

Timber,

allowed.

Loads.

60

40

8

98

57

43

18

40

By Wood Sales. By Wood Sales.

By Wood Sales.

By Wood Sales.

Out of Fines of Crown Leases.

By Wood Sales.

fOut of Navy Bill for the preceding Fall of Navy Timber.

M

30

*5

Repairs

6i6

240 Juliu A. 1789.

Dates of Warrants. Works ordered. Sums laid out. How supplied. Rough Timber allowed.

Repairs at the King’s House, Garden, and Stables at Lyndburst, as charged in the Accounts of Lieut. Colonel Heywood, Deputy to His Royal Highness the Duke of , Lord Warden of the said Forest, from 1771 to 1787, as by Appendix, N* 42 — s. d. 527 7 7 By Navy Bills, &c.

Total — £. &958 ’ 8 2 S°3*

i viz*. <£ s‘ 8,081 6 2 1,877 2 — By Wood Sales and Navy Bills. Land Revenue.

9,958 8 2

; N* 27.

Reference from the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, upon an Eftirnate of Repairs to

be done at Iron's Hill Lodge, in New '

Gentlemen, \ t!

Having laid before my Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury a Report of the acting Surveyors of the Woods, on a Memorial of Lieut. Col. Heywood, Deputy to the Lord Warden of New dating that Iron's Hill Lodge in that Forest is in a very ruinous Condition; wherein the Surveyors transmit an Eftirnate of such Works and Repairs as aippear necessairy to be done at the said Lodge, and the Outbuildings thereto belonging, which amount ta *£. 931 .'13. 8, and propose that they may be authorized to defray the Expence of the same out of a Navy Bm, which they request may be made out to them for 1,000 Loads of Timber felled in New Forest, and delivered for the Use of the Navy since the Death of the late Surveyor of the Woods I am cpmmaiided by their Lordships to transmit the same to you for your Consideration, and to desire you will report to my Lords your Opinion thereupon.

I am. Gentlemen, i Your most humble Servant,

Treasury Chambers,

8th May 1787;

Comm" Land Revenue.

To the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Gentlemen,

In pursuance of the Directions contained in your Warrant of the 29th of May last, requiring me to make an exact Ground Plan of the Lodge and Offices at Iron's Hill, and to survey, examine, and eftirnate the several Repairs now necessary to maintain the same in a proper Condition for the Residence of the Matter Keeper of that Walk, I have accordingly viewed the said Lodge and Buildings, and taken a Plan thereof j and having examined the Eftirnate sent to me, and considered the State and Condition of the Buildings, and of the Repairs necessary to be done thereto, I have set down opposite to the several Articles of the said Eftirnate the Sums for which. In my Judgment, the Repairs of each Kind wanting and necessary to be done may be performed: The Plan and Eftirnate are herewith laid before you, and

I am, with due Respect, Gentlemen,

Ilorje Ferry Road, Westm', Your most obedient humble Servant,

July the 10th, 1787. Jn°

COPY

Geo. III. 24°

COPY of Estimate of Repairs said to be necessary to be done at Iron's , in the New

Forest , with Remarks.

To the Lodge.

To repair the Lead Gutters, Flalhes, &c. upon the Lodge, and change Part for new, and the Lead Pipes and Boarding and Bearers — —

To repair the Tiling and Slating, and new tile and rip a great Part thereof, and make good Timbers and Boarding — — —

To repair and paint the Parapets and Gables, and under the Windows, and repair the Brick Work in the Foundations, &c. - —

To repair and putty the Safhes and Doors, aPart to be new, and other outside Work, and new paint the Whole ——

To repair all the Inside Wainfcots, Doors, Shutters, and Floors, and Hinges, Locks, and other Fastenings — — —

To lay a new Stone Floor to the Passage, and to repair the other Brick and Stone Floors, and the Ovens, Coppers, Boilers, and Stoves, —

To new wainfeot the Water Closet, and repair the Pump, Lead Pipes, Cif-tern, Brass Work, &c. ——

To paint all the Inside Wainfcots and other Wood Work, and Stucco about the Lodge - —

To repair and white all the Plaisterings ——

To put new Stone Steps to Wine Cellar, and shore up the Timbers, and new Door and Door same ——

To the Brick Stables, Brewhouses, and Coach Houses.

To put Two Pair of new Coach. House Doors, and repair the other Wood Work — — — _

To repair the Brick Walls and Pavements — — —

To repair the- Lead Gutters and Tiling, the Plaistering and Linings, and the Racks and Mangers, and boarded Floors — —

To make good the Glass in Windows, to repair the Turret, to Clock, and new paint all the outside Wood Work — — —

To the Hack Stable, Barn, and Cow House.

The whole of these Buildings are in so ruinous a State, that the greatest Part thereof require to be re-built, which with the old Materials will

Remark. I do not fee any Necessity for pulling down these Buildings,

which I think may be repaired for Forty Pounds — __

A Cart House to be repaired and new thatched — — _

To repair all the Yard and Garden Fences — —

15 Rod of new open Pale Fence, plained and painted Green, at £. 2. 4 Remark. I do not find that it is wanted, or necessary to be done.

40 Rod of new outside Pale stout Fence to Paddock or Park, at 26 s. 6 d.

Remark. I do not fee any Necessity for new Fence.

368 Rod of old repaired and spur’d, and Part new Pales, Nails and Posts, and the whole new ditched and banked, at — —

To be repaired only.

If the Article of 15 Rod of new open Pale Fence, plained and painted Green, Should be considered necessary, then to be added — —

D* 40 Rod of new outside Pale stout Fence to Paddock or Park, at 21

I-

Sums charged io £ Him ate. Max be done for.

£. s. d. L' * d.

21 14 6 21 14 6

Co 00 OO 38 4 *

27 18 6 l6 —

76 9 — JO

29 15 — 20

1 OO 25

Cr» OO ON ‘20 — —

11S to & 16 8 — 7° 16 8 —

23 6 — 20 — —

25 4 ~ 12 16 — 20 — — IO — —

24 to — 15

IS i s

191 8 —

12 16 — 3i 9 — 33 40 iS

S3

119 12 — 50

— 33 42

93* 13 541 7 2

N* 28.

New Forest. — EXTRACT from the Presentment of the Grand Inquest at the Court of Swanimote, held at Lyndhurst in the said Forest, the 14th Day of

September 1719.

We present, That we humbly conceive that the great Sum of Money granted and risen in the said Forest, which hath been above £. 7,000, besides 390 Loads of Timber for Repair of Lodges, in Four Years past, with Navy Trees, See. if not lessened, Voi. XLIV.

must in a short Time utterly destroy the said

Forest.

N* 29.

The Verderors Memorial to the Treasury, relative to Repairs ordered to be done at sundry Lodges in New Forest.

My Lords,

We, at the last Attachment Court held at Lynd-burjl the 3d Instant, received by the Surveyor Gene-7 S ral’s

A. 1789.

618 2 40

ral’s Deputy a Warrant from your Lordfnips for the raising jf. 1,372. 5 by decayed Stubbs, and for cut-

ting down 1,082 Loads of Timber for the Repair of several Lodges therein mentioned. We have respited entering the said Warrant in our Book, until we have acquainted your Lord ships, that at our lad Swani-mote Court, held the 14th Day of September last, the Regard did then present upon Oath, that the Drawing of the Inclosures, made by of Parliament, after the Manner lately done in the Inclosure in Rhinefield Walk, by taking away the Underwood and Covert, to be very prejudicial to the Growth of the young Timber.

We further pray Leave to observe, That in or about the Year 1704 several considerable Sums of Money were raised, and a large Quantity of Timber felled in the New Forest, for the like Reasons as set forth in the annexed Report; and all the Lodges and Rails said (by the then Surveyors) to be put in complete Repair for 20 Years; ever since which has been continual Supplies of Money and Timber in great Quantities, for the same Purpose, sufficient at lead to prevent all Manner of Delapidations, so that it is a Surprize to us to hear of so great a Demand all at Once.

Upon these and several like Reasons we think it a Duty incumbent upon us, to signify to your Lordships, we are doubtful that the Account of all the Wood Sales made in the Ne Forest do not come before your Lordships, as well those which are made by Order as those which are made by Officers ex Officio; and we are more than barely apprehensive that there is no fixed Method to the Auditor for the fame, nor any Counter Check upon such Officers, either for the duly charging them with the respective Value of such Wood Sales, or the due Performance of Work in Workmanlike Manner, but chiefly it is left to the good Will of the Officers.

The which as it has hitherto been very prejudicial to the New Forest, so it is demonstrably true, that if not remedied it mud tend to the Dedruftion thereof.

We are, with all Respect,

My Lords,

Lyndburjl, Your Lordships, &c,

13th Nov 1724. R. Smith.

D. Bulkley.

?*. Hoby.

Sir,

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Tre*-fury having read the inclosed Letter from his Grace the Duke of Bolton, and your Memorial thereupon, signifying that the Verderors of the New Forest have taken upon them to prohibit ,the Clerk of the Fored Court to enter their Lordships Warrant directed to you, by which you are authorized to repair the Lodges there, out of Money to be raised by Wood Sales; by-which Prohibition their Warrant is rendered ineffectual, there being a Proviso therein that it ffionld be-entered in the Court Book at,

before the same be executed; their Lordships are pleased to direct you to tender again their Yaid Warrant to the Clerk of the Fored Court, in order to his entering the fame; and in case of his Refusal lo to do*, their Lordships do hereby direct and authorize you to execute their said Warrant without such Lntry.

I am,

' Treasury Chambers, Your most humble Servant,

25 th March 1725. . , w.

To Chai Withers, Esquire, Surveyor Gen1 of His Majesty’s Woods. '

N# 3°*

Verderors Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, relative to Repairs ordered to be done at Burley and Ilolmejley Lodges, in New Forest.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The Memorial of Richard Mile, Esquire,' Sir Francis Seymour Pile, Baronet, and Jeremiah Cray, Esquire, Verderors of His Majesty’s Fored called New Forest, in the County of Southampton.

Setting forth,

That your Lordship’s Warrant of 28th May 1755, ordering Ilolmejley and Burle little Lodges to be repaired, and for that Purpose 309. 16. 10. to be raised by Sale of dotard and decayed Trees (exclusive of 197 Loads and 40 Feet of rough Timber) is now executing by the Deputy Surveyor in a most fraudulent, illegal, and dedruftive Manner, by cutting down Timber fit for His Majesty’s Navy, and by removing and disposing other Timber privately, before the same is measured or valued by the Regarders, contrary to the Statute of the 9th and 10th King William III. for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the said Fored.

That the said Lodges in or about the Year 1734 were thoroughly repaired, and for that Purpose a large Sum of Money raised by Sale of dotard and decayed Trees; but since that Period the late and present Lessees of Burleigh Bailiwick, in and by their respective Grants thereof, undertook and expressly covenanted with His Majesty, at their own Costs and Charges, well and sufficiently to repair and uphold all the Lodges, Houses, Fences, and Inclosures, of and belonging to the said Bailiwick; and your Memoria-lids have now caused the said little Lodges to be carefully surveyed, and the Repairs there now wanting to be edimated by experienced Workmen of Probity and Judgment; and find that less than One Half as well of the said Sum of £.309. 16. 10. as also of the said 197 Loads and 40 Feet of rough Timber, will diffidently repair the said Lodges, and put them into proper and good Condition: Therefore your Memo-rialids are apprehensive that some Fraud and Imposition may have been practised in obtaining this Warrant from your Lordships.

That by the abusive Manner of executing such Warrants of late Years, and the great Wade and De-druftion lately made of the Timber in most Parts of the Fored, and especially in Burleigh Walk, by Deputies and Under Officers, and by their Connivances, and for their private Lucre, the said Fored is reduced to a ruinous Condition, is greatly impaired in its Timber, and hath been so drained of dotard and decayed Trees, that it is become the Practice in lieu thereof to cut down thriving and good Timber for all the Sales to raise Money in the said Fored; and in cutting down Timber to be employed in Works, greater Regard is had to the Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, which the Under Officers, though by what Law or Right is unknown, call Perquisites, than to the Fitness of the Timber for the Purposes it is ordered; which, together with the Abuses above mentioned, if not forthwith remedied and prevented by proper Regulations, will soon inevitably destroy the Timber of the said Fored, to the great Prejudice of His Majesty’s Navy, and to the Diffionour of the Nation.

All which is humbly submitted.

Lyndburjl,

5th August, 1755.

Note. — The preceding Articles, N° 28, 29, and 30, arc extracted from the New Forest Court Books.

2 N° 31.

N‘3t.

Com. feurbflpe of the Numbers, Quantetyes, and Valewesof all such Tymber, Dottard, and Fyerwood Trees as are now growinge and yett bdnpe w'kin the feu'all Forrerts

hereafter named; togeather with the Numbers of Acars, Yeares Groath, and p'fente Valcwes of all the Woods and Underwoods w,kin the feu'all Coppices of the said Forrefts. S'vayed and taken by John Thorpe and Henry Genings, accordinge to a Comifs. and answerable to Articles of Instruction to them and others dircfled in the Yeare of the Raigne of our Sov'aigne Lo. James by the Grace of God of Engeland, I-'rannee, and Ireland the VI"1, and of the XL /t 1608.

Alijlolt Forrcjt — — — East Beare Forrejl — — - — West Beare Forrejl — — — Pamber Forrejl — — — New Forrejl - Timber Trees, the Number, ui ie j. Worth. Whereof may be spared. Worth. Fyerwood Sc decayed Trees. Worth. WTjereof may be spared. Worth.

i3>°31 5.3^ 552 8,878 123,927 . m. c. £. s. vj.vj.iuj. vij. m. £. s. d. ij.Cxxix. iiij. vj. c;(' s: d: ij.viij. xix. iiij. £ d. M.lj. x. viij. m. c. £ s. d. lvij,viij,lvj. x. viij. 2, COO 1,000 100 8 00 -3.9-7 M. viij. f*. 'ey'd}. 1. £ 1. ‘J iiij. m. t. s. xxvij,viij,lvj. viij. Lo. 23.93+ Lo. 8,814 Lo. 65S Lo. 2,774 Lo. 118,072 (. XX s. M. vij,iiij,xv. ij. (. £ s. vj.lxj. i. XX. £ s. iiij,iiij. x. f £ ij.lxxviij. iij. m.(.£. s. d. x,ij,xj. x. ij. Lo. 14,000 4,814 Lo. 358 Lo. 1,774 Lo. 58,072 Lo. £-M. 1. f:£: d\ iij,lxj. xij. £... s‘ xxxviij. x. £ f;. Clxxvij. viij. m. c. £. s. d. uj,viij,lxxj. ix. iiij.

The Number of the Timber Trees in the said,) Forests is — — — 3 The Total Vale we of them is — . — Whereof maye be spared — — Worth — _ ,5I>753 Trees. m. c.£. d. lxvij.viij. xij. jj. 27,827 Trees. m. c. s. xxx,viij,lvj. viij. The Number of the Dottard Trees is The Totall Valewe of them is — Whereof may be spared — - — Worth — — — 154,252 Loads. m. c. £. s. d. xiij,iiij,xxv. xvj. ij. 70,018 Loads. m. c. xx. £. s. d. v,iiij,iiij,xviij. viij. iiij. The Lops of Trees, Val. — Whereof may be conveniently spared, worth TheCoppice Woods w'hin the New ForeJl 7 ’ is 1,304 Acars, w* is p’lent worth -3 1 The Aldermoores ther is 96 Acr*, w'fc 7 may be p'fentlye felled — — 3 25,000 Loads. ;C ^lj,vlj,]. n. xx, £. s. d. j. C.iiijjXiij. ix, viij. £. s. d. Ixxiij.xiij. viij.

D

cq'

Sum Tot"* of all the Tymber decayed, and Fyerwood Trees, Lops of Trees, Coppices, and Aldermoores, wherof Money may be made, c. s. d.

and the same convenientlye spared, amounteth to the Some of - — xlij, iij, lxxij. xix. viij.

OBSERVACONS, w"* the Reasons alledged, wch wee humblye referre to yo' Lo1" Consideracoh.

The Reasons why wee take such Quantetyes in the feu'all Forreftes is, for that all the said Trees are very old and in great Dccaye.

All the said Trees are for the moll Pte. Oake, and some small Qtiantctyes of Beech and Ash.

The most readye Meanes for Sale and Vent of the Fyerwood Trees in the Forrefls abovesaid is by erettinge of Iron Milles and GlaHc Houses, makinge of Coale, and especiallye of such that lyeth farthell: of from the Water, and of these cheeflye in the New Forrejl. 0\

The Sale and Vent of the Tymber Trees is First to the Countrye, next to the Coop" for Barrell and Clapboardcs, and laftlye to the Shipwrights of South"", and m

Lymington. \0


V It is verrye requisite that the Coppice Woodes, foe soone as they be felled, be well ditched in and hedged, and that noe younge Saplinge Trees be felled for Hedge Stakes, nor

otherwayes anye Cattle be suffered to come in them in xij Yeares after the fellinge of them.

29 Glo. III. 240 Julii.

6 20

240 Julii.

A. 1789.

N# 32.

SURVEY of Timber in 1707.

Lord Treasurer’s W arrant.

I do hereby dirett and require. That One of the Surveyors of the Navy, and One other Commissioner of the Navy, do jointly with the Commissioner of the Navy at and the Surveyor General of her Majesty’s Woods Trent South, and some of the Verderors and Regarders of New , take a Survey of the Timber there, and consider what Quantity and Sort thereof may conveniently be spared from thence every Year for the Use of the Navy, with regard to the Preservation of the Forest, as well as her Majesty’s Benefit in the Disposal of the Offal-wood, and report the same to me as soon as conveniently may be.

Ulndfor Castle, 19th June 1707.

N E IVFOREST.

A SURVEY of Trees taken there, by Warrant from the Rl Honb,e the Lord High Treasurer,

dated the 19th June 1707,

Present,

K^; } C — - 1 Navy.

JVm Lee, Esq', Surveyor. J

Edward Wilcox, Esq', Surveyor of the Forests Trent South.

John Hayward, Matter Shipwright’s First Assistant.

Ricbd Carter, John Melbourne, ? r.

Rob'Poulter, Tho'Blanckley, J^lerKs-

Lyndburjl,

18th July 1707.

A SURVEY of Trees taken in her Majesty’s New Forest, at the several Walks under mentioned, by Order of the Rf Honbl* the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, dated 19th June 1707.

Sir Rob* Smith, Bar. Kn* Sir Jn* S' Barb, B' Knf Tho' Hobby, Esqr Pet' Bettejworth, Esq'

Verderors.

Geo. Harrison Jn° Barnes Jn* Draper Ricbd Buden Edwd Hammcn Pet' Rook

> Regarders.

Ashley Eyeworth Ashurst, —

Bromey —

Bolder —

Burleigh

Lyndburjl —

Whit ley Ridge Wilverley Iron's Hill —

Castle Malwood Lady Cross -

Denny —

Holtnjly -

Noades — Rbiuefield Out Parts not Bramble Hill

surveyed.

] N° of Trees.

— 939

- . — 1,085

— 99-

— 807

- - — 477

— —

— 378

— 1,110

- — 1,998

— 1,062

— i>i43

— 410

t- 95

- — *45

— 100

- — 100

particularly ON O O

Total - 12,476

To the Right honourable Sydney, Earl of Godolphin, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

May it please your Lordship,

In Obedience to your Lordship’s Commands of the 19th June, we have taken a Survey of the Timber in the

New Forest, and do find therein about 12,000 Trees, which may prove fit for her Majesty’s Naval Service, all

of which, in our humble Opinions, may be felled within the Compass of Forty Years, by Three hundred each Year, without Prejudice to the Forest; there being so many young Trees which are not of sufficient Bigness to be useful in her Majesty’s Navy now, but will be grown up to proper Dimensions by the End of the Time propolcd for felling the before-mentioned Number, that the Forest will be then at least as well flocked with useful Timber as it is now, and by continuing the same Course may not only be always preserved, but improved.

There is in this Forest a considerable Number of large Beech Trees, some of which prove injurious to the young Oaks by growing too near them; of which, if One hundred were Annually spared to the Navy, they woukl be of very good Use therein, as well as an Advantage to the Growth of the young Timber.

We find also in the Forest a great Number of old Oaks, from the Limbs of which may be picked very useful Parts, as Knees, Standards, &c. (though the Bodies may be decayed) and therefore we propole, that

Fifty of the said old Trees Should be Annually cut down, and that such Parts as shall be found proper be applied

ap Geo. III. 140 Julii. 621

applied to Naval Service, which will also give more Room for young Timber to come up, and be no Disad- , vantage to her Majesty in the Disposal of the Offal-wood.

AH which is most humbly submitted to your Lordship's ConCderation.

Lyndburst,

18th July 1707.

W" Gifford,

Isaac Townsend,

W- Lee,

Edto4 Wilcox,

4th November 1707, a Warrant was issued by the Lord Treasurer Godolphin, in pursuance of the Queen’s Letters of Privy Seal, dated 25th October 1707, direfling that Three hundred Timber Trees, One hundred large Beech Trees, and Fifty old Oaks, should be felled Yearly in the New for the Service of the Navy, for the Term of Forty Years.

N* 33.

EXTRACT from the Report of a Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to consider how His Majesty’s Navy may be better supplied with Timber.

6th May 1771. -As to a Survey of the Timber in the New Forest, taken in 1764.

Your Committee then proceeded to enquire into the State of the King’s Forests; and thereupon examined John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods; who said, with, respect to the New Forest, That upon a very accurate Survey taken a few . Years ago, it appears, that there were upon that Forest *9,836 Oak Trees fit for the Navy, containing 36,66a Loads, about One-Third of which arc very prosperous, and none of them contain less than Feet of Timber; that there are also 7,104 Beech Trees, containing 13,114 Loads; and 1,743 defeflive Oaks for Sales, Fuel, or Building, rontaining 3,836 Loads; and that he reckons that the Trees fit for Naval Uses are between a Fourth and a Fifth Part of the Timber on the whole Forest.

Rob* Smith,

Jit Barnes,

Rich* Bu

Jit Draper, Geo. Harrison, Peter Rooke,

Verderor.

V Regarders.

PARTICULARS of the Survey mentioned in the preceding Extract; taken from a Copy, in the Hand Writing of John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General, lent to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue by his Son, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, indorsed,

Survey of Timber in New Forest, 1764." '

Timber fit for the Navy.

Defective Oaks.

WALKS.

1

lyndburst and IroWalks — yljhitrjl Walk — —

Dtnrtey — — —

Lady Crcfs — —

Whitley Ridge — - —

Rhincftdd — — —

Wilvciley — —

Ihlmeftey — — —

Burleigh — —

Bolder-wood — — —

Brcomey — — —

Jljhley — — —

Lye-worth — — —

Bramble Hill — — —

Castle Malwood — —

N° of Tree*. s Loads. Feet. Meetings. N" of Trees.

4»5°° 7,416 30 82 2,684

*.389 2>597 19 93 688

372 729 20 98 Il8

955 *>773 28 92 4

*,352 2,656 25 98 67

1,961 3,495 35 89 785

1,850 3»39® — 9* 7

477 970 45 101 —

361 681 3 94 356

383 857 25 hi 994

685 1,224 30 89

681 i >4° 8 *7 103 1

1,780 3.458 27 97 5

1,074 2,127 40 99 242

2,016 3.874 39 96 *.153

i9,83t 36,662 33 92 7,104

Loads. Feet. Meetings. N of Trees. Loads. Feet.

4,604 33 84 90 167 7

1,202 37 87 77 144 30

221 30 93 33 88 20

8 5 101 65 163 35

135 10 100 129 34* 30

*>397 10 88 84 181

15 20 iio 47 114 20

— 9 26

686 46 96 37 142 38

2,305 j2 i*5 *8 3 504 20

— — — *3* 33* *5

j ,3 10 160 107 242 5

9 35 97 *74 354 7

452 43 93 337 725 46

2,101 24 9* 240 308 >9

13, *44 35 92 *,743 3,835 42

V<jl. XLIV.

The 19,836 Oaks meet at 92 Feet. The 7,104 Beeches meet at 92 Feet.

7T

N* 34-

6n 240 Julti. . 1789.

N* 34- .

ACCOUNT of the Number of Oak Trees, of Fifty Feet and upwards, growing in the from

a Survey taken under the Inspection of Thomas Nichols, Purveyor,' and Henry Tombes, Deputy to the Surveyor General, in pursuance of an Order of the House of Commons to John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods} finished 25th May 1783.

WALK ' s. * Knees of co Feet and upwards. Trees fit to cut of 50 Feet and upwards. - ----- " ' Growing Tr^es fit to stand of 50 ‘ Feet and upwards. 1 - Dotard or Jdefe.&iye Trees of 50 Feet and upwards.

Ends. Loads. Ends. Loads. Ends. Loads. Ends. Loads.

Lyndburjl — — — 28 45 1,606 2,19° 9J9 I, IIO 13 16

Ironjbill — — — 39 45 320 606 3 89 5°3 11 »3

AJburst — — — 208 310 801 *>639 373 640 84 204

Lady Cross — — >- 9 IO 45° . 588 368 444 i' > 98-

Dinney — — . P 73 109 142 225 246 29 5*

Whitley Ridge — — — 6 7 987 *>36 7 35 4i ns x8o

Wilverley — — — >77 99 949 1,586 221 331 20 3 2

Rhinefield — - — — *5 , ..31 691 1,089 ., *>°33, *»434 30 50

Burleigh — — - 1 13 ... 130 199 63 64 22 83

Holmejley — . — — . — 286 ^53 23 3° >4 , 19

Bolder-wood — — — 12 ,14 l65 251 60 86 321 58

Ashly — *; ij ' *3 76- 7« 9 9 31 ‘ ... "3

Eyeworth — . 1 — 1 — . '42 ' 46 271 366 72 21 23

Broomey — — ’ — 1 54 77 ' i: 237 38 2 389 . :4^i 13'

Upper Cajile Malwood — 2 1 2 - 74 98 - 18- «9 ' rr ' !'v ' 4

Lower D* — —: r ‘2t 12 .673 M 42 513: 62 c " ,54: 8«

Bramble Hill — ! " ‘ " — ’ 5? 67 -159 208 ' 97 ‘fit. T‘ 1 26 I

656 876 6,984 12,684 4,807 6,267 59 6 1,003

' 5 "Ybtal -i*. »3}043'Tites — 26,830 Loads. ' ' ;v 4

From considering the present timbered State of the Forest, without any Regard to hoi* it may be.improved, I conceive that about aThoufand Loads of Oak Timber may be felled Annually for Naval Uses; which I judge would produce about 900 Loads of found, useful Timber, without being prejudicial or injurious to the Forest, as by this Stipulation it will take more than Fifty Year# to exhaoft the present Stock} at the Expire- tien of which Time, with any tolerable Degree of Care and Attention, I presume there would be a Succession of an equal, if not a greater Quantity, of Naval'Timbef than at present, arising from the young growing Timber, as there appears by the Survey to be 72,990 Trees from 10 Feet to 30 of this Kind.

, (Signed) Thomas , ‘ , .....Purveyor.

1

N* 35*

An Account of the present Condition of the Inclosures for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, in the New Forest, as described in the Survey of that Forest made by Order of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, by Thomas Richardson, William King, and Abraham and William Driver, in the Year 1787.

Etherife I

A. R. P.

Part in Denny Walk, containing — 98 2 —

The Remainder in Whittley Ridge Walk 4 — —

102 2 —

This Inclosure has been made many Years; not-

withstanding which there is no Timber at all in it, only a few young Oaks and Beech In the Corner adjoining Denny Wood, and a few ferubby Oaks and Birch dispersed about; but in the Middle there is not a single Tree (though supposed to have been plantedjf notwithstanding it is exceeding fine Land for Timber; but being nearly a dead Flat, the Whole of which, generally Two-thirds of the Year, is under Water, no Cut or Outlet having ever been made to carry it off} the L*md itself naturally cold; and this stagnated. Water entirely destroys the young Plants, as there is no Possibility of training up young Oaks without first taking off the Water, as it is to be observed in all the Woods in this Walk, that the finest Trees grow upon the Hills, tall, strait, and clean, and fine Navy Timber; and in the Bottoms, though the Land in fast may be better, the Trees are much shorter, with large bulhy Heads, and very knotty.

* This

29 GEOi III. 240 JuliL 623

This Inclosure Is fenced with Ports and Five Rails, Fenced with a Ditch, Bank, and , Pales; has been with the Addition of a Quickset Hedge 1 but a con- taken in about Twelve Years j, the Fence Is. broken siderable Tart is down, and mnch out of Repair ;a down in, many Places, so that the,£ommonable Cattle very little Time ago, some mischievous Persons set and Deer have free Ingress and Egrcisj. and there ate

Fire to the Hedge and Rails, and burnt a considerable some Rabbits. ..

Part.

' ' Black Bush

Part in Denny Walk, containing —

The Remainder in Lady

a. ft. r,

3* 3 8

33 3 8

Aldridge Hill In the same Walk, containing — —

A.

*3*

R.

P.

Is aIfo.fenced with a Ditch, Bank, and Pales, and has beep taken in about the same Time as the above; the Fence is likewise broken down; and it is flocked with Rabbits.

This Inclosure was formerly fiitrounded with a fine Qn'rckfet Hedge, a great Part of which is Rill, remaining, but full.of Gaps;’ so that it ia, and has been many Years, common to ill the Fcureft Catde, &c. and produces nothing biit a feW Runty Oaks, and a Number of small Birch of but liulfc Value; here ate a great Quantity of Thorns and Undarwood that would protedf young Oaks, war Cart taken of them.

Ockndl -

In Bolderwood Walk,containing —

A.

R.

1

iT

To

;W as

- f

Pignell Inclosure, In Whitley Ridge Walk, containing

A R» Pa

— 94 — 22

The Land of this Inclosure is a remarkable strong and deep Clay, very cold and wet; the Oaks thin and very ferubby, and several Acres together not a Angle Tree. As it is to be presumed the Whole was regularly planted with Acorns, these very wet Parts have entirely failed, no Attention having been paid to make any Drains or Outlets for the Water, which might easily have been done, as the Situation of the Wood lies favourable for it, there being a sufficient Fall both towards the North and South.

rnclofecf about Twelve T^afsC Brice with a Ditch, Bank, and Pales ;' Care is rroW rak'en to keep the Deer and Bead of Common from’ within the Pales; blit through some Neglect irtft%Tbg Acoms, or in Jetting the Deer and Hogs in soon after they were sown, there is no Appearance of its becoming a Coppice; some few Saplings are thinly scattered, but those so final), that before they get sufficiencly strong to stand against the Forest Horl'es, the Fence will be entirely decayed.

Pitt's Inclosure, In AfleyWalk, containing —

A

121

R. P. I l8

Furzy Lawn Inclosure,

Part in IronJJy.ilWalk, containing —

The Remainder in Castle Walk

A. R. P.

3+ 36 44 I 2

78 2 38

In the Part in Iron fill Walk there are a few young Oaks comingup, but very trifling; and the largeftTrees are getting dead at the Top, the Land lying too wet. The Pale Fence is kept in good Order.

The Soil in the Part in Castle Malwood Walk is a good Loan. It contains a considerable Number of young Oaks and Beech in a thriving Condition. There are also a few Timber Trees, and some Bushes. The Oak Pale in general is in good Condition, requiring some trifling Repairs.

WilverlyInclosure,

A R» P*

In Wilverly Walk,containing — — 480 1 21

This Inclosure has been inclosed about 14 Years, with Oak Ports and Rails, with upright Pales, the Scantling of which is so small, that many of them consist chiefly of Sap, in Consequence of which some Places are already in Want of Repair.

The Soil in this Inclosure is in general of a loamy Nature, except towards the Hill, which is more gravelly, with a strong Clay underneath. The Hill at Pricket's Berry is in general sandy.

Great Part of this Inclosure is full of young Oaks, which are in a very thriving State, but so close together, that unless very soon properly thinned, must deft roy each other. There arc other Parts quite vacant, which should be re-planted.

Slodon Inclosure, In Broomey Walk, containing —

a. R. p. — 249 2 31

This Inclosure has been taken in about Twelve Years, and there is not any Appearance of its answering the Purpose for which it was intended, as not one Sapling is to be seen; the Pales are broken down; the Gates are continually open; Horses, Deer, and Hogs have the same Liberty of Agifting, as in any other Part of the Fordt; and it is ilocked with great Numbers of Rabbits.

Slodon Inclosure has been inclosed about 15 Years; the outward Fence in some Parts is weak, and wants some small repairing.

The upper Part of this Inclosure is well covered with Thorns, Yews, and Hollys, and in some Spots a good Sprinkling of Oaks and Ash, which require thinning. The Bottoms in general are wet, and would be much improved by draining. There are many vacant Spots in this Inclosure, which should be replanted, as the Soil in many of those Spots is Very good and loamy, and would produce good Timber.

Ravens Nejl Inclosure,

A. R. P.

In Bramble Hill Walk, containing — 74 2 27

Rincf.ddSandy Inclosure, Ravens Nest Inclosure has been inclosed and planted

a. R. p. about 10 Years; the Fences are at present in middling In RinefddWalk, containing — — 224 a 26 Condition, but will not continue many Years, on Ac-

— ' count of the Polls and Rails’being of too small Di-

' I ‘r mentions.

624 24 °Julii.'jt. 1780.

mentions. The1 Land is a gravelly Soil* with a Clay underneath, is well flocked with young Oaks in most flirts, and intetfperfed with a fe^r larger, and some Bullies; but there arc vacant Places that require replanting.

Cops ice of Linwood

A. ft. P.

Parc in Brhmble Hill Walk, containing — 173- a ty

The Remainder in Castle Ma — 115 a 8

This Inclosure has been inclosed about Ten Years; the Fence in general is in middling Condition, and will not continue many Years, on Account of the Ports and Rails being of too small Dimensions.

1 The Part oflhe pence next has been rough

damaged by a Fire, and wants immediate Repair very much, as the young Trees are in continual Danger of being destroyed by the Deer and Cattle." A" conG-derable Part of the Copse was also destroyed by the Fuc, and Should be re-planted, as the $hoots which \ . -.1 '

4 4 1 '* f *> '; f': .* *' . , ri.vr: \ "

' > <' :*> ‘ r*, <; / i

proceed from the Stopls that were burnt to the Ground will never produce so good Timber. /.

Many Parts are well covered with young Oak, and some..of good Size, but there are several Places very thin, which require,re-planting.1 .

..... i

Long Beech Inclosure,

1 I ... \ A* R* P«

111 Gtfllc Malwood Walk, containing — 145 3 —

Long-Beech Inclosure has been . inclosed about it Years with Oak Ports, Rails, and Pales, which are in tolerable good Condition, though they require some trifl+ng-Repairs.

The'upper Tart of this Inclosure, is apoor gravelly Soil, with a. strong.Clay underneath the lower Parc is ai good loamy. Soil, and, very, proper for.ppr.eft Treesiing<Jnfcral, but: more, particularly Oaks, which thrive extremely Well, but at present are very thin, and would adrtiit'of;great Numbers to be planted.

: There are a. considerable Number. of small Beech, and some few TimbiJt Tress, copying of Oak , and Beech,

’:f 1 ' - "1 r: r

V

N* j«.

Vol. XLIV.

ABSTRACT of Account* of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy within New Forest, in the County of Southampton, from the Year 1761 to the Year 1786, both inclusivej

taken from the Accounts of the Surveyor General remaining in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

RECEIPTS.

1

Total Quantity and Value of Oak Timber felled for the Use of the Navy within the Period of this Account — The like of casual Oak Trees found by the Surveyor cut down, and by him seized and saved from being stolen Total Quantity and Value of Naval Beech Timber felled within the same Period — —

The like of casual Beech found by the Surveyor cut down, and by him seized and saved from being stolen Total Value of Bark fold — — -

Total Value of Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of Oak Timber The like of Beech Timber — — »

Total Value of Oak and Beech Timber refused by the Purveyor as unfit for the Use of the Navy, and of casual Stuff fold within the above Period —

Value.

>C* S‘

29 >455 1$ — I 1,526 12 4 6.949 — iif

160 1

3,057 10 —

3>*75 2 3 613 15 10

i»i23 13 8

-lit

DISBURSEMENT S.

Paid to Messengers for giving Notice to the Verderors, Woodward, and Regarders, of the due Execution of Warrants, and for crying the Sales in the several Market Towns within the Period of this Account — —

Paid for felling, squaring, and boughing Cast Naval Timber — —

Paid William Peckham for felling Timber in 1784 ——

Paid the Regarders for their Service and Attendance in setting out the Naval Beech and Oak Trees, and felling the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood thereof, at is. 6d. per Day each — ' — — —

Paid Expences of Entertainments at the several Sales and Pay Days — To the Surveyor General, for his usual Allowance of 201. Day for his Service and Attendance in the Execution of Warrants for s, d.

Navy Timber within the above Period — — 2,663 — —

Surveyor General’s Poundage on net Receipts, at 1

Pound ——

To Ditto, for Discount and Brokerage of Navy Bills —

To his usual Allowance for Two nominal Deputies in this

Forest, at 4 s.per Day each, for the above Period — 4,810 4 —

2.139 *3 ^25? 17

To an actual Deputy, for looking after the several Bridges, Causeways, Inclosures, and other Services, at £. 50 per Annum — — —

Paid to Andreas Emmerick, Itinerant Deputy, for his Salary and travelling Expences, from ift March 1774 to ift December 1786 inclusive, at £. 300 per Annum — — — < — —

Repair of Bridges, Causeways, and Pounds within the Forest — —

Repair of Fences and Gates of Inclosures since 1778 — — 329 n 6

For gathering and planting Acorns in 1762 — — 8 — —

Additional Salaries to divers Persons looking after Inclosures 187 6 11

Survey of Timber in this Forest in the Year 176$ . — — —

Attorney and Solicitor’s Bills, for Expences incurred in protecting and preserving His Majesty’s Rights within this Forest ——

Paid Henry Combes for Expences incurred in destroying Rabbits in 1786 — Postage of Letters and other extra Expences within the Time of this Acc1 — Fees paid at the Treasury for Sign Manuals, Warrants, and Entries, and to the Auditor for stating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for the Charges of passing the same through the different Offices — — —

£ s.

60 2 6 8 6 8 I04 12 — 4

534 5 — 565 16 £

10,872 14 8

S

*.235 13 10

3,825 -

642 1 4i

524 18. 5 84 15 3

*31 5 —

62 6 4

38 8 5

Ov

897 14 6

29 Geo. III. 24° Juliu


£. 46,061 11 if

Greenwich Park and Gardens.

Bere For eft.

Datchet Bridge. Hampton Court Park.

Manor of Bray.

Windsor Forest and Park.

Bigjhot

Rails.

Ctanbourn.

Sutton, in Coni. Fork.

"Salaries to the Ranger and Keepers of Greenwich Park within the Period of this Account, at £. s. d. £- 150 per Ann. — — — 3,840 — 3

To the Keeper of Greenwich for ga-

thering Leaves, and other Services — 11 91'

Paid for Repairs, &c. in the Park and

Gardens — — — 193 13 4

Paid for Hay for the Deer, and other incidental Expences — — 252 19 —

!To the Keepers of East and West Walks in Bere

from Micbas. 1760 to Lady Day 1786 950 — — -

Survey of Timber in Bere Forest in 1765 1 2 —

To the Repair of Datchet Bridge in 1769 — —

J Paid for the Purchase of Deer from Enfield Chafe, for the I Use of Hampton Court Park in 1778 — —

f Paid to the l^eflee of the Manor of Bray, for his Costs on 1 filing a Bill in the Court of Exchequer in the Name of j the Attorney Gen1, against the Purchasers of Estates (. holden of the said Manor ——

fT° the Ranger of Swinley,in Windsor Forest, for the Relit of an Under Keeper’s Lodge, and s. d.

tilling the inclosed Grounds — *3,780 — —

Paid Expences incurred in Prosecution of Persons for Healing 2 Pieces of Cannon and Lead in Windsor G‘ Park — 3918 —

( Paid to the Ranger of Bigjhot Rails, for his Loss of Fuel I Wood ——

{Paid to John Wallis, Keeper of Cranbourne, for the Expences incurred in the Prosecution of Deer Stealers, pursuant to aTreasury Warrant, dated 16 June 1786 f Money paid to William Upton, for surveying and estimating 1 Trees in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of York,

1 pursuant to a Treasury Warrant, dated the 8th Jpril

I 1786 — " — —

4,509 4 5

954 4 —

15413 2i

165 12 4

535 ~ *

3,819 18 — aio — —

9 18 6

49 10 —

Total Disbursements Balance of Navy Timber Acc*

Total

29>993 *9 7

16,067 11 6*

46,061 11 1$

6%Li jr Pln£ °^z

N*37.

ABSTRACT of Accounts of Wood Sales within New Forest, from the \ ear 1761 to the Year 1786, both inclusive j taken from the Accounts of the Surveyor General, remaining in

the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

RECEIPTS. £ d. DISBURSEMENTS. £ x. d.

Total Value of Oak and Beech Stubbs, dotard and decayed Trees, and other Timber, together with the Offal Wood, Beech Tops, and Caff Naval Timber,.fold within the Period of this Account — — Total Value of Bark, Ditto — — — — 12,364 4 — 922 13 7 Expences of viewing, setting out, marking, and felling Timber, and (tripping Bark, within the Period of this Account — — — Paid to the Regarders, for their Service and Attendance in setting out and marking the Timber felled, at 2 s.6d per Day, within the same Period Expences attending the several Sales and Pay Days — — 780 1 255 301 8 11

Surveyor General’s usual Allowance of 20 Day for his Attendance and Riding Charges in the Execution of Warrants for Wood Sales — — — — 525 — — Surveyor General's Poundage on the Monies received, at 12 in the Pound, by usual Allowance — — 716 6 — 1,241 6 — 393 *9 i° 7,764 2 10 2,992 6 1 126 11 8

Fees paid at the Treasury and Auditor’s Office, for Warrants, Estimates, and Entries; and to the Auditor, for dating and tngrossing the Accounts j and Allowance to the Surveyor General, for his Charges in passing the Accounts through the several Offices — — — — Expences of repairing Lodges and other Buildings within this Forest, defrayed by Wood Sales during the above Period — - — Making and repairing Inclosures - Making Roads and a new Bridge between Lindburjl and Rhinefield Lodge in 1782 - — St. James's f Expences of Repairs in St. James's and Hyde and } Parks, defrayed by Wood Sales in this Forest in Hyde Parks, (. 1764 ——

Total Receipts — In Surplus — £. i3>*86 17 7 1.502 8 6i 934 9 1

j4»789 6 1J Total Disbursements — - 14,789 6

ON

-at

29 Geo. III. 240 Julii.

N*

£> A BRIEF STATEMENT of the Produce of Navy Timber and Wood Sales in New Forest, and of the Disbursements Rated and allowed in the Surveyor General's Accounts thereof, from the

Year 1761 to the Year 1786, both inclusive; collected from the preceding Abstracts, N* 36 and 37.

RECEIPTS.

D

eg'

r-h

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

NAVY TIMBER ACCOUNT.

Total Quantity and Value of Oak Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, within the Period of this Account — The like of casual Oak Trees found by the Surveyor cut down, and by him seized, and saved from being stolen Total Quantity and Value of Naval Beech Timber felled, within the same Period — — —

The like of casual Beech found by the Surveyor cut down, and by him seized, and saved from being stolen Total Value of Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood of Oak Tim-

The like of Beech Timber — — —

Total Value of Cast Nayal Oak and Beech Timber, and casual Stuff ——

Total Value of Bark from Timber fold — —

WOOD SALE ACCOUNT.

Total Value of Oak and Beech Stubbs, dotard and decayed Trees, and other Timber, with the Offal Wood, Beech Tops, and Cast Naval Timber — —

Total Value of Bark — — —

Quantity.

Loads. ] Feet. *£ s. d.

I5>5°9 44 29>4SS 15 1

869 35 *>526 12 4

4>483 32 6,949 — nf

103 3i 160 1

— 3*75 2 3

— 613 15 10

— 1,123 13 8

3*057 IO

12,364 4

— 922 13 7

DISBURSEMENTS.

Expences of Notices, and Publication of Sales Expences of felling, squaring, and boughing ‘ Cast Naval Timber — — _

Paid JVm Peckham, for felling Timber in 1784

Expences of setting out, felling Timber, and ‘ stripping Bark — — —

Paid to the Regarders, for their- Service and ‘ Attendance, the usual Allowance of per Day — — — -.

Expences of Entertainments at the several Sales and Pay Days — —

Surveyor Gen1* Allowance of 20 per Day |

Discount and Brokerage of Navy Bills — Surveyor Genu Allowance for the Wages of j Two nominal Deputies in this Forest — j Salary to the Actual Deputy — —

Salary, &c. to Itinerant Deputy —

Repair of Lodges and other Buildings — Repair of Bridges, Causeways, and Pounds Making a Road and a new Bridge — —

Repair of old and making new Inclosures |

Salaries to divers Persons, for looking after the Timber and Inclosures - — —

Paid for Survey of Timber in this Forest — Attorney and Solicitor’s Bills — - —

Navy Timber Acc'

D* —

D* —

► Wood Sale Account —

' Navy Timber Acc* 534 5 ~ 1

1 Wood Sale Acc* 255 S

1 Navy Timber Acc* 565 16 6 1

1 Wood Sale Acc* 301 8 11 J

' Navy Timber Acc‘ 2,663 7

' Wood Sale Acc‘ 525 }

Navy Timber Acc« 2*i39 1 3

' Wood Sale Acc* 716 6 — J

Navy Timber Acc*

D° — *

D°

D® - -

Wood Sale Acc* - - ,

Navy Timber Acc' _

Wood Sale Acc*

Navy Timber Acc1 337 11 6 7

Wood Sale Ditto 2,992 6 1 5

Navy Timber Acc* —

D#

D® —

1’ s. J.

60 2 6

8 6 8

J04 12 —

780 1 8

789 5 —

867 5 5

3,188 — —

2,855 19 3

i>259 17 5

4,810 4 —

1*235 13 10

3*8*5 — —

7*7*4 2 10

642 I 4f

126 II 8

3»329 17 7

187 6 it

84 15 3

131 5 —

24® Julii. A. 1789.

u

c

g

cq‘

i — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

Total Receipts —

iC* 59>34® 8 8{

Greenwich Park and Gardens.

ng|

Bere F

Expences incurred in destroying Rabbits — Pottage of Letters, and other extra Expences Treamry Fees, Auditor’s Fees, and passing Accounts — —

'Salaries to the Ranger and Keepers of Greenwich Park — —

To the Keeper, for gathering Leaves, and other Services — —

Repairs, &c. in the Park and Gardens — —

Hay for the Deer, and other Expences — —

"To the Keepers of East and West Walks in Bere 1 Forest — —

(. Survey of Timber — Datchet Bridge. Repair of Bridge —

o' ., _ , f Paid for Deer from Enfield

L°Ur 1 Chafe for Hampton Court

ran. [ park _ __

»»___ fTo the Lessee of the Ma-

Manor of Br*| „or of BrV, for Costs -

Windsor Forest f To the Ranger of Swinley and Park. \ Expences of Prosecutions f To the Ranger of Bigjhot I Rails, for Loss of Fuel -To the Keeper of Cran-boum, Expences in prosecuting Deer Stealers —

SW-», C'Iiri.IS"^ "d

S, Ja‘ and Hyde C Repairs in S' James's and Parks, Hyde Parks — —

Bigjhot Rails. Cranbcurn.

Navy Timber Acc«

D® ——

Navy Timber Acc* *97 *4 6 7

Wood Sale Acc' 393 *9 >

Navy Timber Acc* 3,840 — 3 -

D® 222 11 9!

D® 193 x3 4!

D* 252 19 — _

D® 95° ?

D® 2 2 — j

D® —

D® —

D® t

D® 3,780 7

D® 39 I. — I

D®

D® —

D® —

Wood Sale Acc*

Total Disbursements General Balance on Navy Timber and Wood Sale Ace'*

62 6 4 h>

38 8 5 VO

VO 14 4 O

to

O

B

4>5°9 4 5

952 2. — *54 13 hi

I65 12 4 0

535 — 8

3,819 18 —

210 — —

9 18 49 i a — 934 9

44.783 5 Si

14.565 3.

59*348 8 8£-

Ov

>o

N’ 39-

ABSTRACT of Accounts of JoJqb Hinxman, Esquire, and his Executors, and of Sir Paulet Saint , Baronet, late Woodwards of the , from 1761 to 1771* both inclusivej

taken from the Accounts in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

Os

Us>

O

RECEIPTS.

Total Quantity and Value of Oak and Beech Timber felled in the said Forest within the Period of this Account, and delivered by His Majesty’s Woodward to the Purveyor of the Navy at Portjmutb ——

L-". F*. 455 3

Oak.

81 39

Beech. J

Received by a Stubb Sale of Oak and Beech Timber to divers Persons —

By the Sale of dotard and decayed Trees, Stubbs, and Moorfalls, Broken Necks, Limbs, Cast Timber, and Coalfire Wood, felled in the said Forest within the same Period — — —

2

Total Receipts In Surplus

c

£ s‘ d. 948 17

555 *3 —

— 5,667 11 8

7>i7* 1 IOi

22 5 ill

7*94 7 IO

— 47 7 10

DISBURSEMENTS.

To the Lord Warden, for his Allowance of £. 70 per Ann. towards the Repair of the Manor House and Stables at , 1761 to 1760. both

inclusive — — _ _ _

To the several Officers and Keepers of the Forest, for their Salaries, at £.300 per Ann. according to the Apportionment of the Lord Warden, D* — To the Two Rangers of the said Forest, their Salaries, at £. 4 each — To the Eight Keepers of the Eight Bailiwicks in the said Forest, for their Nobles, at £. 1. 6. 8. per Ann.each — — —

To the Woodward, for his Salary, at £. 150 per Ann. — 1,234 — 1

To D®, for Poundage on Nett Money received by Navy Bills, for the Oak and Beech Timber delivered to the Purveyor, at 12 d.in the Pound, being the usual Allowance — — —

To his usual Allowance of 40 r. for each Attendance at the Forest Courts, and for his Charges and Expences in passing Acc" — — — — 129 — —

To the Deputy Woodward, his Salary, at £. 50 per Annum — —

To the several Regarders, for their respective Attendance in setting out Fuel Wood, viewing the Decay of Lodges, and sundry other Services — To the several Workmen, for felling Oak and Beech Stubbs — —

To * — ' D° — for taking up Moor Wood and Top Wood, &c. Money expended at the several Sales and Days of Payment — —

Expended by the Deputy Woodward, in giving Notices of the several Sales, and for Books, Paper, and other Necessaries — — —

To Three of the Regarders of the Forest, for their Care and Trouble in examihing and signing the Accounts, the usual Allowance of 40 j. per Annum each ——

Fees paid to the Auditor for Entries of Navy Bills, and for examining, preparing, and ingrossing the Accounts of the Woodward for Declaration — — . ——

’ Total Disbursements — £.

630 — —

2,700 — — 72 ——

96 ——

1,410 7 11

412 io —

349 ——

250 7 11

5°9 9 8

630 11 10

1512 6

66 — —

52 8-

7,194 7 10

240 Julii. 1789.

631

N° 40.

An ACCOUNT of all such Navy Bills issued to his Grace late Duke of late Lord Warden

of the New For eft> for Timber by him delivered from the said Forest, for the Use of the Navy, as are <rn-' tered before the Auditor of the Land Revenue, and of the Expenditure whereof no Account has been rendered to the said Auditor.

Dates of Bills. Oak Timber; Beech ^Timber. Total of each Bill.

Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value.

Loads. Feet. £. s. Loads* Feet. £ s. d. £. s. ‘

3th Jans 1770 — — 370 28 704 1 3 91 31 154 8 2 858 9 5

7 th Aug* 1771 7- — 370 3* I 704 3 157 45 224 14 IOj 948 18 5

741 9 Ij4C)8 4 249 2 6 379 3 — 1 1,807 7 10

An ACCOUNT of Navy Bills issued to His Royal Highness the Duke of the present Lord

Warden of the New Forest.

1 Amount of Navy Bills.

' . Loads. Feet. £ 1. d. Loads* Feet. £ s. d. £ S

9 th Decern' 1771 — 320 3 608 2 3i 142 31 221 1 2f 829 3 5

17th Feors 1772 — — 50 1 95 — 9 — — 95 — 9

3d Nov' 1772 — ‘ — 187 — 354 18 4i 1 119 3 184 10 10* 539 9 3

7th 1773 — — l8l 27 344 18 6 — 344 18 6

21st Fe^tr 1774 — — 366 27 696 8 6 117 26 182 3 I 878 11 7

6th Dec' 1774 — — ' 373 1 708 14 8 *33 44 207 10 3 916 4 11

28th Not/ 1775 — 370 4 703 3 — "9 37 185 11 11 OC OO OO *4 1 i

ift Dec' 1776 — — 370 7 703 5 3 103 43 160 *9 7 864 4 10

2d Jan'S 1778 — — 325 39 618 *9 7 127 28 197 14 4 816 *3 11

19th il&y 1778 — — 43 42 83 5 11 — 83 5 11

26th Dec' 1778 4 — — 382 6 725 12 2 , T5 *3 178 *3 — 904 5 2

10th March 1780 — — 368 27 700 4 6 114 42 178 — — 878 4 6

27th March 1780 -1 — — 2 20 4 11 2 12 29 19 9 II 24 1 1

9th Feb's 1781 — — 377 12 716 *5 1 i37 32 213 6 10 93° 1 ii

22d March 1782 — - 373 13 709 3 10 127 7 *97 1 4 906 5 2

15th 1783 — — 370 36 704 7 4 n9 24 185 3 16 889 11 re

4th Afoy 1784 — — 370 — 7°3 — — 142 24 220 16 10 923 16 IO

6th ATo-y'' 1784 — — 37i 29 706 — — 162 26 251 18 1 957 18 I

15 th Decent' 1785 — 372 <3 707 5 10 140 18 217 11 1 924 16 1 I

30th Decern' 1786 — 370 29 704 2 — 133 41 207 8 5 911 10 5

5»946 36 11,297 18 9 (2,070 18 3.209 — 6 £ 14,506 *9 3

An

24° J

A. 1789

An ACCOUNT of Navy Bills issued to Sir PauletSaint John, Bart, deceased, late Woodward of the Neva Forest, subsequent to his last declared Account, ending at Christmas 1771*

4

Dates of Bills. Oak Timber. Beech Timber* T*otal of eadi Bill.

Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value.

Loads. Feet, £ s. d. Loads. Feet. s. d. £ d.

45th May 1773 — — 48 44 84 16 9 5 6 9 6 — 94 a 9

17th August 1774 — - — 43 45 76 16 6 8 19 12 19 11 89.16 3

48th December 1775 — — 47 49 48 19 3 4 35 7 5 8 56 4 11

3d June 1776 — ~ 23 35 41 9.6 4 3 4 13 ~ 46 26

144 3 252 2 — 20 *3 34 4 7 286 6 5

An ACCOUNT of Navy Bills issued to Stanley George Heywood, Esquire, the present Woodward of the said Forest.

Loads. Feet. £ j. Loads. Feet. £ j. </. £ J. d.

12th July 1781 — — 58 l3 IOI 19 1 23 45 37 — 10 138 19 11

ift October 1782 — — 38 22 67 5 4 35 7 54 9 4 121 H 8

13th January 1785 — — 66 38 116 16 7 ]3 27 20 *9 8 137 l6 3

24th Afiry 1788 — — 18 3 31 12 1 10 14 15 18 108 l6 9

D° — — — 21 47 38 7 10 14 39 22 18 2 j

403 23 356 — II 97 32 151 6 8 5°7 7 7

(Signed) Jn* Hosier,

Deputy Auditor.

16th July 1789.

N* 41.

N" +J



k

r

ABSTRACT of the ACCOUNTS of Stanley George Heywooi, Esquire, Woodward of the New For eft, from 1780 to 1788 > as delivered by him to the Commissioners of the

Land Revenue.

D

CQ‘

— h

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o

C§

rT

RECEIPTS.

Total Quantity and Value of Oak Timber felled in the said Forest within the Period of this Account, delivered by His Majesty’s Woodward to the Purveyor of the Navy at Portsmouth ——

The like of Beech Timber, within the same Period —

L*. Feet.

203 23 97 32.

By Sale of Windfalls, Boughs, and Moorwood, within the same Period

vj

DISBURSEMENTS.

r. Paid to the several Regarders, for their Attendance in letting out the £> <P‘

Timber, and for other Services, within the Period of this Account — 421 2 6

356 — 11 Paid for Notices of Sale, and to the Forest Officers to attend — — 16 16 — *

151 6 8 To the several Workmen, for taking up Moorwood, and for working the

Windfalls and Boughs fold — — — ' — 132 1 n

340 19 4

Expences attending the Sales and Pay Days — — — 28 11 11

Paid for the Entry of Navy Bills — . — — 4 4 —

And for Discount and Brokerage of D® — — — 27 6 3

Total Disbursements — £. 630 2 7

Balance remaining in the Hands of His Majesty’s Woodward — 218 4 4

848 6 1x £ 848 6 11

Os

29 Geo. III. 14* Julti.

N° 42.

4-

ABSTRACT of the ACCOUNTS of Nathaniel Heywood, Esquire, Deputy to His Royal Highness the Duke of , Lord Warden of the New f'ortfl, from 1771

to 17875 as delivered by Lieut. Col. Heywood to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

D

cq'

I — +

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

RECEIPTS.

Oak Beech 2

LJ* Feet >94<5'j6 /

,070 18 1

By Amount of Navy Bills for Oak and Beech *>

Timber felled in the said Forest, and delivered

at His Majesty’s Dock Yard at Portjm,with- ",

in the Period of this Accounr — -

By Sale of Oak and Beech Tops, Butts," and Cast Timber, within the same Period — ~ __

By Sale of Bark — D* —

j. d.

14 >S°6 3

2,598

i>384

16

*3

DISBURSEMENTS.

Expences attending the different Sales and Pay Days of and for the Lops, Tops, Offal Wood, Butts, and Cast Timber, within the Period of this Account ——

Paid the Regarders, for their Attendance, viewing and-setting out the Timber, and attending the Sales ——

Salary to the High Woodward, at ^.260 — —

The like to Deputy Woodward, at £.50 Annum — —

To the several Keepers their respective Salaries, amounting to£.454. 6. 8 per Annum, and 40J. per Annum to each of them towards the Repair

of their respective Lodges ——

.Salary to Rangers, at £.2. 13. 4 per Annum — — —

The like to Bowbearer, at 40.?. per Annum — —

To the Steward, for his Attendance at the Forest Courts, and for sundry Expences ——

To Lieut. Colonel Heywood, for Journeys, Attendance at Courts, and incidental Charges in carrying on the Forest Business, by Order of the Lord Warden, at L-lS° per Annum until the Year 1778, and since

that Time at £. 50 per Annum. — — —

Paid by Colonel Heywood for Entries and Alignments of Navy Bills — Commission for Brokerage and Discount of D° — —

To Poundage on the Amount of Navy Bills, from 1778, at £.5 per ' Cent. — — — ' — —

Expences at Swanimote Courts ——

Expences at the Indrifts of the Forest — — —

Expences on the new Inclosures, and throwing open Incroachments

SI A 4 4

409 7 6

J>2oo ----- ----- £

800 ——

7>575 68

40 ——

26 4 — *"

48 18 9

1,500 ——

25 2 4

779 8 7

4T3 iJ 6 492 io 11 83 10 8

9 ,4- 8

OO

VC

I-

164 f 8

18,654 14 —

In Surplus

To the Housekeeper at Lyndburst, his Salary, at £. 70 per Annum Expences of Repairs at the King's House, Garden, and Stables, at Lyndburst, charged in the said Accounts to

the Year 1780 — - — .

To Payments for Poors Rates and Taxes, and for other Sundries, not particularly specified in the said Accounts —

To Labourers- at the King's House and Garden —

Paid for Trees for the Garden in 1776 — —

1,13a 3 —

s. d.

527 1 7

488 3 5

283 8

IX 16 7

To Carpenters and Masons Work done at the King’s Farm, called The Ducoy Pond, in 1774/5 ——

Paid the Crown Relit for Herbage in New — —

Expences relative, to the Assignment of Fuel to the King’s House at Lyndburst, and for the Cutting and Carriage thereof — —

Paid for Fiflaing the Bremer Water in 1784/5 — — —

Paid for a Marking Iron

To Advertisements, Printing, and Stationary — — . —

To Pottage of Letters within the Time of this Account — —

1,31° 15 7

102- — 7 29 x6 4

44----

52---

no — 25 . I 4 25 3 3

Total Disbursementa

18,654 14 —

OS

GeO. III. 240 Julii.

GENERAL ABSTRACT of the preceding Accounts of Monies arising fr

RECEIPTS.

Toni Quantity and Value of Timber delivered for the Use of the Navy — —

D

CQ*

i — h

n'

CD

CL

CT

By Sale of Casual Oak and Beech, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, Call Timber, and Casual Stuff — - —

By Sale of Bark — — *

Sale of Oak and Beech Stubbs, Dotard and Decayed Trees, Offal Wood, Cast Timber, Casual Stuff, Windfalls, Lops, Tops, Boughs, and Moorwood —

Oak. Bccch.

Loads. Feet. Loads. Feet.

Surveyor General’s Account,

N" 36 — - 15»5C9 44 4.483 32

Woodward’s Accounts, Nc* 39

and 41 — — 658 26 179 21

Navy Bills to Sir Paulet

John, N° 40 — — 144 3 20 13

D° to Duke of , N# 40 741. 9 249 26

Deputy Warden’s Account,

1 1 1 C* 0 £ 5»946 36 2*070 18

23,000 18 7,003 10

Surveyor General’s Account,

N° 36 ——

f Surveyor General’s Accounts,

\ N°* 36 and 37 — — — _

| Deputy Warden’s Account,

I N° 42 ——

Surveyor General’s Account,

N° 37 ——

Woodward’s Accounts, N°* 39

j and 41 — — _ —

Deputy Warden’s Account,

N# 42 ——

o

o

eg

FT

Total —

' Value.

s.

36,404 15 ni

G456 4 9*

286 6 5

1,807 — 10

14,506 19 3

6>S99 5 11

3>98° 3 7 i>384 13 ~ 12,364 4 — <,564 4 — . 2,598 16 1

87>9S2 *3 1

57.855 9 7

DISBURSEMENTS.

Discount and Brokerage of Navy Bills Monies expended in the general Management of the Forest, as charged in the preceding Accounts of the Surveyor General, Woodwards, and Deputy Warden (N°‘ 36, 37, 39, 41, and

Note. — This Sum includes ,£.3,329. 17. 7. charged in the Accounts of the Surveyor General, for making and repairing Inclosures for the Growth of Timber, but is exclusive of the Sum of 1,877. for Repairs of Lodges, drawn from the Land Revenue.

Amount of Navy Bills issued to the Duke of Bedford’, late Lord Warden, presumed to have been wholly applied in Payment of Salaries to Officers, and other Disbursements relative to the Forest (N° 40.) — —

2,066

s.

12

d.

3

1,807 — 10

59,662 TO 5!

61,729

CK

Os

Salaries paid to the Ranger of Swinley, in ffind-for Forestj the Ranger and Keeper of Green-

wien Fark} the Keepers of East and West Walks in Bere Forestj and divers other Payments charged in the aforesaid Accounts of the Surveyor General (N°* 36 and 37) exclusive of the Expenditures on New Forest —

General Balance (as stated below) — —

General Balance on the Surveyor General’s Accounts — - —

Navy Bills issued to Sir Paulet S' John, late Woodward ——

Balance in the Hands of the present Woodward ——

Surplus on the Woodward’s de- £.

dared Accounts to 1771 22 5 II

The Deputy Warden is in Sur- >

plufage — £,164 4 8 J

I1,340 8 21

14,883 2 H

£ s. d.

14,565 3 -{

286 6 5

218 4 4

15,069 *3 -9t

186 11 71

14.883 2 U

26,223 10 4?

87.95» *3 1

2 40 Julii. A. 1789.

19 Geo. III.

i4° J

&S7

N* 44.

Portsmouth Dock, 14th April 1789:

Honvl* Sirs,

In Obedience to your Directions of the 9th Instant, under-mentioned is an Account of what is paid for the New Forest Timber, distinguishing the Prices for felling, squaring, Carriage, &c. and by whac Order,

C' s"

Oak — — 1 18 — per Load These Prices were allowed per Nary

Beech — — in —

Casual Oak — 115 —

Beech — 1 it —

Felling and squaring is. per Load, and in Addition for such Part as is received from the Lord Warden, with an Allowance of 6s. per Day for Two Men and Horses, being generally 40 Days in a Year; amounting to £. 12, as per Contract with Royal and William Peckham, dated t2th November 1782.

The Prices for Land Carriage depend on the different Places the Timber is brought from; but, on an Average of those Prices, amount to 5/. 2 per Load, as per ContraCl with Abraham Hampton, John Kent, and C*, dated 30th December 1771.

The Prices for Second Drawage arc at Beaulieu and Lyming/en is. per Load, as per Contract with John Kent, dated 3d of October 1769; and at Redbridge, including Wharfage, is. 9 as per Contract with

Felling and Squaring —

Land Carriage —

Wharfage and Second Drawage Freight — —

Attested.

Geo.

Hon^ Navy Board.

J Board’s Warrant 25th February 1728, land have been continued by Warrants J Annually.

Mr. Poore, dated ad Jane 1763. The Freight on the whole Quantity delivered is 6 s. 9 per Load, as per Contract with Mr. Poore, dated- 30th April

1783-

The Price for Wharfage, &c. on such Part of the Timber as is shipped from Blakes Dock at is 6d. per Load, allowed Mr. James Newell by Warrants, One from Commissioner dated 2d June

1777, and another from Sir Samuel Hood, dated 3d August 1778.

We farther beg to add, that the Prices of felling and squaring, Land Carriage, Wharfage, and Second Drawage and Freight, on an Average for the Year 1787, are as under-mentioned, the Delivery for the Year 1788 not being yet completed; viz’.

£. s. d.

— — 1 j J per Load

— — 1 11

— — 6 9

— 15 i*

We are, &c. &c.

'. White, Jn‘ Greenway, Josb Davies, Tho‘ Grant.

N*45-

Land Revenue Office, January 13th 1789.

Gentlemen,

In your Answer to our Letter dated 12th 1788, in which we desired to be informed.

What Quantity of Oak Timber is Annually consumed by the Navy on an Average:

How much of that Timber is imported from Foreign Parts:

How much of it purchased from Individuals in this Kingdom:

How much on an Average supplied from the King’s Forests:

Qf what Nature is the Timber imported, and in what State; whether any great Timber or crooked Timber, and whether in the rough State, or converted: —

You acquainted us, on the 15th of the same Month,

That the Quantity Annually consumed by the Navy is 25,000 Loads in its rough State;

That none but Danlzick Plank is imported, and of that only about 800 or 1,000 Loads:

Vol. XLIV-

That about 23,000 Loads were purchased Annually from Individuals in this Kingdom:

About 2,000 Loads, on an Average of Fifteen or Twenty Years part, supplied from the King’s Forests:

And, that no straight or crooked Timber is imported.

But having since been favoured with the Perusal of sundry Minutes and Letters, both of the Admiralty and Navy Board, respecting the Consumption of Oak Timber for the Supply of His Majesty’s Navy, the Decrease of that Article, and the Quantity of Oak Timber growing in this Kingdom fit for the Use of the Navy — we observe in One of those Minutes of your Board, that the Quantity consumed by the Navy, in the Twelve Years preceding 1787, is stated to be about 500,000 Loads, which is more than 41,600 Loads Annually, on an Average.

From the great Difference between the Quantities stated in the Minute above-mentioned, and in your Answer to our Enquiries, we are led to suppose that the Average of 25,000 Loads, stated in your Letter to us, contains only the Quantity of rough Timber bought by the Navy Board from private Individuals, or from those who have the Disposal of what grows in the Royal Forests, and does not include the Timber

7 Z used

N* 46.

A. 1789.

638 240

used in building such Ships as have been purchased by the Navy Board for the Use of the Navy, but which were not constructed in any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards.

And as the Object of our Enquiry is to learn what Quantity of Oak Timber is neccirary for the Supply of the whole Naval Force of this Country, whenever the Ships may be built, in order that we may state the Matter fully and accurately in our Reports, so as that the Legislature may be enabled to judge how far the Measures which we shall suggest are necessary, and how far they are likely to have the Effect of obtaining in future Times an adequate Supply: — We must request that you will direct the proper Officers under you to furnish us with the following Particulars:

An Account of the Stock of rough Timber in the several Dock Yards at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, in ORober 1760.

An Account of the Tonnage of all the Ships or Vessels belonging to the Navy at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, in ORobe 1760.

An Account of the Quantity of rough Timber received into each of His Majesty’s Yards, from His Majesty’s Accession to the present Time.

An Account of the Tonnage of the Ships built or purchased within the same Period for the Use of the Navy, and not constructed in any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards; and an Estimate of the Quantity of Oak Timber supposed to be required for construtting the m.

An Account of the Stock of rough Timber in the several Dock Yards on the 31st December last: And,

An Account of the Torfnage of the Ships or Vessels belonging to the Navy on 31 December last.

If the Information which we wish to obtain can be supplied in any other Mode than that which we have suggested, we beg that it may be done in that Mode which will be attended with the least Trouble or Inconvenience to yourselves or your Officers.

We are.

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

Ch‘ ,

Call,

John

The Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy.

Navy Office, 30th March 1789.

Gentlemen,

In Addition to our Letter of the 15th of May 1788, we fend you inclosed the undermentioned Accounts, desired by your’s of the 13th of January last; viz'.

An Account of the Stock of Oak Timber

and Knees (in rough Contents) at the several Dock Yards, at the Time of His Majesty’s Accession, in October 1760; and also on the 31st of December last.

An Account of the Tonnage of all the Ships or Vessels belonging to the Navy, at the Tirpe of His Majesty’s Accession, in ORober 1760; and also on the 31 ft of December last.

An Account of the Quantity of English Oak Timber and Knees (in rough Contents) received into each of His Majesty’s Yards, from His Majesty’s Accession, in ORober 1760, to the 15th January last.

An Account of the Tonnage of the Ships built or purchased for the Use of the Navy, and not constructed in any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, from His Majesty’s Accession, in ORober 1760, to the present Time: Also an Estimate of the Quantity of Oak Timber supposed to he required for constructing the m.

And in Answer to your Observation on the Quantity of 500,000 Loads of Timber being used in the last Twelve Years, compared with our Statement of the Average Quantity of 25,000 Loads which may be wanted Annually for His Majesty’s Yards, we acquaint you, that the former Quantity included a great Number of Ships, great and small, that were built during the War by Contract in Merchants Yards, as well as what was used in the King’s Yards, whereas the latter Quantity is estimated as the Quantity in rough, sufficient for the Buildings and Repairs in His Majesty’s Yards.

We are.

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient Humble Servants,

Middleton,

J.

Geo.

Commissioners Land Revenue.

N* 47.

Navy Office, 26th 1789.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of English Oak Timber and Knees (in rough Contents) received into each of His Majesty’s Yards, from His Majesty’s Accession, in ORober 1760, to the 13th January last; viz'.

Deptford —

H'odwich — — .

Chatham —

Sheerne/s —

Portsmouth — — .

Plymouth — —

Total

Loads.

— 143,085

— 91,167

— 183,402

— 27,784

— - 185,088

— 138,150

— 768,676

\ N» 48.

Address for Dignity for the Chaplain.

Address for defraying Expences in respect of Books, &c.

ap Geo. III. a4° Julii.

6$ 9

N* 48.

Navy*Office, 26th March 1789.

An ACCOUNT of the Tonnage of the Ships built or purchased for the Use of the Navy, and not constructed in any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, from His Majesty’s Accession, in 1760, to

the present Time: Also, an Estimate of the Quantity of Oak Timber supposed to be required for constructing them , viz'.

' Tons.

Tonnage ofjhe Ships — — — — 256,656

Quantity of Oak Timber required for conftfufting them — 516,630 Loads, in rough Contents.

N° 49.

1

A STATE of the Quantity of Oak Timber used for the Support of the British Navy, from His Majesty’s Accession, in October 1760, to the End of the Year 1788.

Oak Timber received into His Majesty’s Dock Yards in the above Period, as per Account in Appendix, N° 47 - —

Tonnage of Ships built or purchased for the Use of the Navy, and not constructed 1 Tons, in any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, within the same Period, as Account V 256,656 in Appendix, N# 48 - — J

Estimated Quantity of Timber required for constructing them, as per D° — t — *

Total in 28 Years — —

Average Number of Loads Yearly — —

Loads.

768,676

S 16,630 1,285,306 45>9°4

Land Revenue Office, 22d "July 1789.

Cha‘ Middleton, Jn° Call,

John Fordyce.

Ordered, That the said Report and Plan do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Moss, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That the Title of the Account of the Expences already incurred in respect of the several Books and Papers, directed to be prepared and printed by an Act passed in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing directed t. be " the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County " Elections," together with anEstimate of the further EleaionsAft. probable Expence attending the preparing and printing of the said Books and Papers, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Rejohed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences incurred in respect of the several Books and Papers directed to be prepared and printed, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, (t An Act for the " better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to voce at County Elections and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the J<wm»lt©b* End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of Pnnt*d* this present Session, with an Index to the Forty-third Volume, be printed.

3

Address for Money for

printing the

Journals.

Address for Expence printing the Votes.

Add ref* for Expence* of printing Billij Reports, fice.

Consolidated Fund Bill paHcd.

Torn and tirain, 5cc. Regulation Bill passed.

Z40 Julil

A \ 1789.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment and under the Direction of John Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hat/ell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, to-

wards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and all'o such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House, of this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as arc of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbertdo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

- An ingrossed Bill for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and

Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 4. To leave out First Day of February," and insert " Epiphany Session" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereuponj agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed.

Ordered, That Mr. Ga/coyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners Americm further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all commirnoner* such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Pro- Bill perties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Differitions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byWay of Ryder, for Relief of certain Persons residing at New Fork, Owners of Two Ships, the Martha and Sir William Erskine, taken by an American Privateer, and re-taken by some of His Majesty’s Ships of War.

And the Question being put, Ehat the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners further tq enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America,in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Copy of the Representation of the Commissioners of Land Revenue to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, respecting Mr. For/yth’s Discovery for curing Defects in Trees.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

And the said Paper was also read.

The said Paper is as followeth j

Reprefen fat?on to the Treasury respecting Mr. Forlyth'j Discovery for curing Defects in Trees, presented.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The Representation of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty,

to enquire into the State of the Land Revenue, &c.

May it please your I.ordships,

The Discovery made by Mr. Eor/yth,of a Method of curing Defects in Trees of all Ages, arising from Injuries to the Bark and Wood, by a Remedy known only to himself, to which we have already had Occasion to call your Lordships Attention, appears to us to be of so much Importance to the Public; that we think it our Duty to state to your Lordships how material it may be to settle, as speedily as possible, such a Recompence as may be thought reasonable for the Disclosure of so useful an Invention; or if any further previous Investigation shall be thought necessary, in order to ascertain its Efficacy, that such Measures as may be thought most proper for that Purpose may be taken without Loss of Time.

(Signed) Charles,

Scotland Yard, John Call,

Land Revenue Office, John Fordyte,

1 1st July 1789.

1 R/olved,

Addrfft tvljtt'sting Mr. Porfyth't lo. ventioa fur criring Dcfc&C ia Titti,

Bsl

I tpuiitv.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for making such Enquiries as shall be thought necessary for the Purpose of ascertaining the Efficacy of a Remedy, invented by William for curing Dcfcfts in Trees, arising from Injuries in the Bark 1 and, in case the same shall appear likely to be of Public Utility, to order such Recompence to be made ro the said William Fcrfytb, on the Difdofure thereof, as His Majesty shall judge proper} and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to II is Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting Gaols, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth

VIZ.

Pr. 1. 1. 7. L 12. 1. 14. 1. 15. 1. 1

1- 39-

Pr. 1. 1. 2.

1. 11.

Pr. 3. 1. 3.

Clause (A.)

Vol. XLIV.

At the End of the Line insert " Advice and."

Leave out " Sessions," and insert " Session."

Leave out " Sessions, " and insert " Session."

Leave out " Sessions, " and insert Session of the Peace."

Leave out from " after " to " shall " in 1. 37. and insert " Michaelmas in every succeeding " Year, the Gaoler or other Of-« ficer having the Care or Superintendance of any Gaol within " the Jurikiiftion of the Court " holding such Session, shall

VJ # f

" and he is hereby required to " deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Chairman or " other Magistrate presiding in " such Court, a Certificate, according to the Form hereunto " annexed, subscribed by himself, and verified by him to " the best of his Knowledge " and Belief, on his Oath, to be " taken either before such Court, " or before some Justice of the " Peace for the County, Town, " or District, in which such " Gaol shall be situated, and " that such Certificate shall express, after each of the Provisions therein enumerated, whether such Provision is or is not " complied with or observed " within such Gaol, and such " Certificate."

Leave out from "Jury" to "and" in 1. 40.

Leave out " Sessions, " and insert " Session;" and leave out from thence to " And " in 1. 11.

Leave out from " And " inclusive to the End of Jine 3. Pr. 3.

Insert Clauses (A) and (B.)

" And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That the " said Court of Quarter Session

" shall thereupon take the said Certificate into their Confederation, " and summon any Person or Persons named therein to appear " before them, and shall give such " Directions, and make such Orders, relative to any of the Mat*

" ters contained in such Ctrtificate, as to such Justices shall " seem meet, and shall and may " take Security from any Person " or Persons whom the same may " concern, for his or their due Compliance therewith;"

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That " if any Gaoler or other Officeihaving the Care or Superintendance of any Gaol, being a " County Gaol, shall neglect to " deliver, or cause to bedclivered, " such Certificate as aforesaid, he " shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, " and, not being a County Gaol, " the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to " be recovered by any Person who " shall sue for the same in any of " His Majesty’s Courts of Record " at Westminster, wherein no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed."

1, 4. Leave out " Schedule," and insert " Certificate."

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment inPr. 1.1. 16. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 1.1. 16. being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, after the Words " such Court, or," the Words " in case of Sickness, or Inability from any other Cause, to attend, " then."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted $

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 16. Leave out from " after " to " shall " in 1. 37. and insert " Michaelmas in every succeeding " Year, the Gaoler or other Officer having the Care or Superintendance of any Gaol within the Jurisdiction of the Court " holding such Session, shall,

" and he is hereby required to " deliver, or cause to be delivered,

" to the Chairman or other Magistrate presiding in such " Court, a Certificate, accord-'* ing to the Form hereunto an- , " nexed, subscribed by himself,

" and verified by him to the best rt of his Knowledge and Belief,

" on his Oatfl, to be taken either " before such Court, or, in case " of Sickness, or Inability from " any other Cause to attend, then " before some Justice of the " Peace for the County, Town,

" or District in which such Gaol " shall be situated, and that such t A " Certificate

24° — *9° — 3°°

A. 1789.

Certificate shall express, after each of the Provisions therein " enumerated, whether such Provision is or is not complied ,f '* with or observed within such

u Gaol, and such Certificate."

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (B), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the

Woufo

Clause (B), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Word " ,"

the Words <c or Court of Great Session in or the County Palatine of Chester, if the Offence shall " arise there, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there mimed -f It was refolyed in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

And be it further Enacted, That if any Gaoler or " other Officer having the Care or Superintendance " of any Gftol, being a County Gaol, shall neglect to *f deliver, or cjuffe to be delivered, such Certificate *' as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for every such Offence " the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and, not being a County 4< Gaol, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Great Session in Wales, or the County Palatine of Chester, if the Offence shall arise there, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed." v

The other Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

n

CC

«C

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gaol* rim for the more effectual Execution of tfic Laws respecting paCfed*

Gaols, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Earns and Mr. The Lor* Montagu: % fcave *Stecd *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Ashted, otherwise Great h*ve P*®"* and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Here- Bill for s»ieof ditaments, in the County of Surrey, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for inverting Part of the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned or referred unto, and for other Purposes therein expressed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Corn and

Grain, &c. Regulation Bill.

The Lord#

the Manor of Ashted, See.

Bill for Salt of the Maoor of Ashted, See. read.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answmw House, That their Address of Friday last (that His A<Wre<te* And then the House adjourned till Wedtufiay Majesty ^ou}d J?tc graciously pleased to confer some

% ~ — - TlinrniMr in fKa I nntmAii fha D

Morning ne*t, Ten of the Clock,

House ad* Journed.

De Boris, Nat. Bill committed

Mercurii, 29* $

Anno 29* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

1H E House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present 5 yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr- Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till 'Bo-morrow Morning, Tch of the Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Julii;

Anno 29* Georgii IIItM Regis, 1789. Prayers.

tu. AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An 1 A Act for naturalizing Henry de Bons, Francis Blanchenay, and James was read a Second

Time.

Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Mo/s, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Charles Mo/s, as is desired.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to the House, That their Adresscs of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences incurred in respect of the several Books and Papers directed to be prepared and printed, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons' qualified to vote at " County Elections and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hat/ell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also , such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House, of this Session of Parliament j and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good

the

Answer to Address*

Koval Assent to Bills.

the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer likewise reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for making such Enquiries as shall be thought necessary for the Purpose of ascertaining the Efficacy of a Remedy, invented by William for cur-

ing Defects in Trees, arising from Injuries in the Bark; and, in case the same shall appear likely to be of public Utility, to order such Recompence to be made to the said William on the Disclosure

thereof, as His Majesty shall judge proper; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vi merit, 31° die Julii;

Anno 29* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1789; Prayers.

A MESS AGE by Sir Francis Gentle-

man Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both, Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Comrtuffion aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read, giving, declaring, aftd notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and'notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Leeds, and the Earl of Chatham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels $ and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein‘mentioned:

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions:

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain

An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation Of Rape Seed:

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects " of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North " America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of " rica, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relative to the better Encouragement of the ' making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties} to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo to the prohibiting the Importation of Books re-printed Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain’, to securing the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty j to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets j to the distontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Greafej to the prohibiting the Exportation of Thols and Urenfils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer:

An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries:

An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal at or near Codnor Park Mill, to ot near in the said

County:

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead:

An Act for constituting the Church of Saint Giles, in the Parish of PontefraH, in the County of York, the Parish Church, and for Other Purposes:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Hey wood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called Land’s End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and *c inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District,

" called The Forest of Knaresborough in the County of

" York, as lie within the Eleven Constablerics thereof,

" and for other Purposes therein menrioned," and by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making thp said Two Acts more effectual:

2 A*

Pc Bone, See. Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

Tobacco Wart house Day Book to be returned.

Bedwyn Wiit.

Cireocester

Writ.

Bath Wnf.

644 310 JulH — f-

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of Wyberton, in the Parts of , in

the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Leicester:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin.

Mr. Eliot reported from the Committee, to whom the; ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry de BonsFrancis , and

James Chduvet, was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Re/clved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this H^ouse hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " Day Book,

" 1787, Tobacco Warehouse, Custom House, Lon-H don," (which was presented to the House upon the Third Day of this Instanty«/y, by Mr. Stone, from the Commissioners of the Customs) be returned.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable James Graham, commonly called Marquis of who, ftnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Batburst, commonly called Lord Affley, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, in the room of the Right honourable John Jeffreys Pratt, commonly called Lord Viscount Baybam, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

(fAuguJli. . 1789.

Lunce, 3* dieAugufii;

Anno 29* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.:

Prayers.

AMES SAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and The Lord* Mr. Pefys:; hs»« »gr«J Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An African Slave Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Bil,«

Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping <r and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa;" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bill for Sale Act for vesting the Manor of Ashted,other wise Great Ashtetf&c.

Ashted, and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and committed. Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for inverting Part of the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned or referred unto, and for other Purposes therein expressed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Smyth, Mr. Call,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning, and notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Augufii \

Anno 29* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers. *

SIR William Toung reported from the Committee, Bill for Sale

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- ®f ,he Manor tituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Ashted, otherwise Great Ashted, and several Messuages, Lands, Te- passed. nements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for inverting Part of the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned or referred unto, and for other Purposes therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said EJill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Toung do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr.

Sttle of African Forts presented.

Account of Ships cleared out from Poole and Dartmouth for the Newfoundland Fishery; and of those arrived there, presented.

Denb'ghshire

Writ.

The Lords have agreed to

Confelidated Fund Bill.

Coffee Drawback Bill.

if

20 Geo. III. 6° — n° A 645

Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of Apolonia Fort, ift February 1789: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of Commenda ,9th February 1789: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Fort, 15th

February 1789: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of 'Fantumquerry Fort, 25th February 1789: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of William's Fort, at Wbydab, 5th March 1789: And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of James Fort, Accra, nth March 1789: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of Cape Coajl Castle, February 1789.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be. perused by the Members of the House. The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Dailey, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels that have cleared out from the Ports of Poole and Dartmouth, for the Newfoundland Fishery, in the Years 1785, 1786,1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessd, the Date of her Clearance, the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry: And also.

An Account of all Ships and Vessels, (Coasting Vessels excepted) which have arrived at the Ports of Poole and Dartmouth, in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787, and 1788; distinguishing the Name of each Vessel, the Date of her Entry, the Number of her Men, including Officers, the Amount of her Tonnage, and the Date and Place of her Registry.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to-be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Croton, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Denbigh, in the room of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr, Pepys>

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the Vol.XLIV.

East India Company in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of £«-rope, and to Africa, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Difientions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Governments without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Two of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and One of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to enquire into the Annual Amount of the Emolu-, ments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiratiofi of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Rcftifiers, or Diallers, to take out Licences for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws refbefting Gaols.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock*

Veneris> j° die Augujii 5

Anno 29" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1789.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 9. Leave out from " Company " to " And" in line 31.

8 B The

Tea Drawback. Bill.

American

LoyalitU

Comm:ilion?rS

BUI.

Coftom House Officers C ommissioners Bill,

Tobacco Bill*

Auction Duty* &c. Bill.

Amendments to Gaols Bill.

The Lords have agreed to

East tadia

Company's Bill, with an Amendment©

Amendment agreed to.

7° — io°

A, 1789.

Pet ition from certain Klec-

for» of Welt* rmnller re-r>ccVing the Ri^Ht of

Llecti&n*

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, i o° die Augujli j

Anno 290 Georgii III'"

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster,was delivered in at the Table,

and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that the Select Committee, lately appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland, and also, a Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said City and Liberty, did, on the 6th Day of July last, report to this House, " That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did in " Part depend upon the Right of Election; the Parties were therefore required to deliver in Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for " which they respectively contended: That in Consequence thereof the Petitioner, Lord , delivered in a Statement as follows, — " The Petitioner, ct Lord Hood, dates the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabit-

ants, Householders paying Scotland Lot, within " the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and SaintJohn, and the several Parishes of Saint , Covent Garden, Saint Amt, Saint

" llancver Square, in thq Liberty of Saint " Grand, in the County of and in so much of the Parishes of Martin in the

" Helds, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint " Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards " of the Liberty of the Dutch’/ of ,called The ‘Temple Bar Ward, The Royal The Middle

" Ward, and Prccintlof the Savoy that the Electors

Petitioners delivered in a Statement, as follows " — " The Electors Petitioners date. That the Right " of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster " is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scot " and Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, in the several Parishes of " Saint Paul, CcventGarden, Saint Ann, Saint James,

" Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint " Martin-le-Grand,in the County of Middlesex, and in

" so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the u, Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Mary-le-Strand,

" as are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called The Temple " Bar Ward, Tbs Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and " Freeiuelcf the Savoy ," that the Sitting Member,

" Lord John Townfher.d, delivered in a Statement, as

" follows — " The Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, Householders of the Parishes of Saint Margaret " and Saint John, Saint George, Hanover Square, Saint " James, Westminster, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint " Clement Danes, Saint Mary-le-Strand, Saint " Savoy, Saint Paul, Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Soho, " and the Ditlrid of Saint Mar tin-le- Grand" — That.

upon the Statements delivered in by the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election for the City-and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, House-

holders paying Scotland Lot, within the United Pa-riflies of Saint Margaret and Saint John, and the several Parishes of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Saint George, Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand, in the County of Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary-le-Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster —

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Sitting Member, the Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty of Westminsterand that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly infill, that the Right of Election which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the same may require.

The House was moved, That so much of am Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of " controverted Elections or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament," as relates to appointing the Time for taking into Consideration Petitions from , Persons desiring to be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election for any County, City, Borough,

Town, or Place, which shall have been determined upon by a Select Committee, appointed by this House to try and determine the Merits of the Return or Election for such Place, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- , fiderationaipon Thursday the ill Day of ORoler next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the Parties on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inferred by the Order of Mr.

Speaker in the London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of . Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to R;pon Wiit/ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Goodricke, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ghmorgan-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ so'r ,lme Wnr* the eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room of Charles Edwin, Esquire, who, lince his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

t Ordered,

tt CC

cc cc it ft

cc cc cc cc cc cc cc cc cc

Regis, 1789.

CC

cc

Lj

East Looe Wnt.

Jtyegate Writ.

RoVnI Assent to Bills.

29 Geo. III.

io(

11'

Augusti.

647

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lose, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Grosvenor, commonly called Lord Viscount Bel-

grave, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, rough, and Bonenbam, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ryegate, in the County of Surrey, in the room of William Bellingham, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

M&rtis, n° die Augusti;

Anno 29* Georgii III*41 Regis, 1789.

1

Prayers.

AMjESSAGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commissions for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, and for proroguing this present Parliament, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commissions read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned j and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Ro^al Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Leeds, and the Lord Viscount Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills arc as followeth, viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed: An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in Lieu thereof: An Act to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; for exempting Per-.fons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave oft' retailing such Liquors before the

Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Reftifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose:

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company in the Ship Lord in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six:

An Act for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the 1 Hands of Guernsey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, and to Africa, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America:

An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, of the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Two of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and One of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to enquire into the Annual Amount of the 'Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from " the Coast of Africa

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America,in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and ' Attachment to the British Government:

An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting Gaols:

An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock:

An Act for vesting the Manor of otherwise

Great Ashted, and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for inverting Part of the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned or referred unto, and for other Purposes therein expressed:

An Act for naturalizing Henry de Bons, Francis Blancbenay, and fames Chauvet.

And afterwards a Speech of the Lords Commission- Lords Comers was delivered to both Houses, by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain j which is as followeth, viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

We have it in Command from His Majesty to express to you the Satisfaction, with which His Majesty has observed the continued Proofs, which you have given during the present Session, of your uniform Attention to the Public Business, and of your zealous Concern for the Honour and Interests of His Crown, and the Welfare and Prosperity of His People.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

His Majesty has particularly directed us to return you His Thanks for the Readiness with which you have graRted the necessary Supplies for the several Branches of the Public Service.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Although the good Offices of His Majesty and His Allies have not hitherto been effectual for restoring the general Tranquillity of Europe, He has the Satisfaction of seeing that the further Extension of Hostilities has been prevented, and that the Situation of

Affairs

Parliament

prorogued.

648 116 Augttfti — 29° OBobris. A. 1789.

Affairs continues to promise to this Country the uninterrupted Enjoyment of the Blessings of Peace.

After which the Commission was read for proroguing the Parliament.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

By virtue of His Majesty’s Commission under the Great Seal to us and other Lords directed, and now read, we do, in His Majesty’s Name, and in Obedience to His Commands, prorogue this Parliament to Thursday the 29th Day of QElober next, to be then

here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 29th Day of next.

Jovis, 29* die OElobris;

Anno 30° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1789,

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation, and Mr. Speaker being in the ProrosusJ" Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

S^uarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with, the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 10th Day of December next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until ’Thursday the 10th Day of December next.

JOHN

3o Geo. Ill

649

&tOHN Frederick Duke of Dorset, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Household, Knight of the most Noble J Order of the Garter, and One of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Know ye. That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Henry Addington, Speaker of the House of Commons, the Right honourable William , the Right honourable William Wyndham Grenville, the Right honourable Lord Auckland, the Right honourable Lord Mulgrave, the Right honourable the Earl of Mornington, the Right honourable Henry Dundas, the Right

honourable Lord Apjley, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, the Right honourable Frederick Montagu, the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, the Right honourable Edmund Burke, the Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Baybam, the Right honourable Lord Eardley, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Hincbingbrook, the Right honourable Lord George the Right honourable Lord

Hood, the Right honourable Lord John Townshend, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Grimston, the Right honourable Lord Newhaven, the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden, the Right honourable Sir George Tonge, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, the Right honourable Richard Fitzpatrick, Sir George Howard, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, the Honourable Edward James Eliot, the Honourable James Murray, the Honourable John Levejon Gower, the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley, the Honourable Charles Marsham, Sir John Eden, Baronet, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Baronet, the Honourable Dudley,

Richard Hopkins, John Wilkes, Robert Waller, George Medley,

Sir Charles Gould, Sir Archibald Macdonald, William Mainwaring, Charles Brett, Richard Benyon, Clement Tudway,

Sir Charles Middleton, Baronet, John Macbride, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Barne Barne, Philip Stephens, Robert Burton, Sir Watkin Lewes, John Bond, Sir James Langbam, Baronet, Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Richard Vernon, Dalboujie Watberston, John Call, Nathaniel Smith, Sir John Miller, Baronet, William Hujfey, Thomas Bemey Bramston, Edward Loveden Loveden, Charles Pierrepont, Henry Penton, John Strutt, John Lee, William Henry Lamb ton, Wharton Amcotts, Sir Charles Preston, Baronet, John Morgan, Robert Preston, James MacpberJon, John Robinjcn, John Parry, Sir Alexander Hood, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Alexander Popham, William Dalrymple, Sir John Scott, Thomas Steele, George White Thomas, Sir John Aubrey, Baronet, Michael Angelo Taylor, William Augustus Spencer Bofcawen, John Thomas Ellis, Sir Michael Le Fleming, Baronet, George Roje, Nathaniel Newnham, Sir Benjamin Robert Colt, Sir Joseph Mawbey,

Baroner, Penyston Portlock Powney, Sir James Pennyman, Baronet, John Sir Charles Warwick

Baronet, Matthew Brickdale, Paul Orchard, John Tempejl, Thomas Gilbert, George. Jennings, John Galley Knight,

Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet, Richard Barwell, Samuel Salt,' Sir Henry Hogbton, Baronet, Philip Francis, William Plumer, Richard Gamon, Sir Charles Kent, Baroner, Sir John Baronet, William Selwyn, James Whorwood

Adeane, Richard Phillipjon, Peter Bathurst, William Beckford, Richard Wilbrabam Bootle, John Nejbitt, John Aldridge, William Eger ton, Thomas Farrer, Richard Howard, Thomas Boothby Parkyns, Robert Mackreth, Sir Thomas Rich, Baronet, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Baronet, George OJbaldeston, Sir Charles Farnaby Radciiffe, Baronet, Edwin Lascelles, John Smith, Penn Asheton Curzon, Roger Wilbrabam, Sir George Douglas, Baronet, Hugh Montgomerie, John Clevland, William Pochin, John Peach Hungerford, Sir Charles,

Baroner, Bamber Gajcoyne, James Bland Burges, John Stanley, John Harrison, John Blackburne, George Vanjittart, John Mitford, Robert Vyner, John Hiley Addington, the Honourable John Somers Cocks, the Honourable George

Augustus North, Sir Edward AJlley, Baronet, William Drake, Junior, the Honourable Henry Hobart, William Pulteney, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, JervoifeClarke Charles William Boughton Rouse, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Baronet, William Adam, John Baynes Garforth, and Henry James Pye, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the " alfembling and fitting of this present Parliament," according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Eighteenth Day of May 1784; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court «c of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of the House of Commons according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, cholen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present at the Meeting of Election, and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons j giving the m,xmy said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perfornh the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereot I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Eighth Day of December, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Anncque Domini 1789.

Dorset. (L. S.)

650 10° Decembris. A. 1789.

Jovis, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 30° Georgii III''' Regis, 1789.

[Parliament prorogued.]

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarne, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 21st Day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 21st Day of January next.

INDEX

[Index removed.]

