JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

From November the 2nd, 1797,

In the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

T O

November the 6th, 1798,

In the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

y

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 53.

Vol. 53.

B

v

t, 1 1

V

v

( »

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of C O M M O N S.

yovisy 2°die Novembris;

Anno 38° Georgii III. " Regis, 1797.

Me/Tage to at- \ MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir vfty H'S il Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty:

And being returned;

writs iflbed Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in put *

in Recess. fuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the

Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, " made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign " of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker " of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to " the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for " the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting " other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; for the Borough

of Newton, in the County x>f , in the room of

Thomas Peter Legli, Esquire, deceased; for the County of Leicester, in the room of the Honourable Penn AJlieton Curzon, deceased; and for the Borough of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable Edward James Eliot, deceased.

Members tuke Several Members present, and several Members re-Oiths. turned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and

subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in, to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and fubl'cribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

V0E.53.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Bill Outlawries, was read the First Time. read *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Mr. Speaker His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty P r gh®ech was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr.

Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is Matter of great Concern to Me, that the earnest Endeavours which I have continued to employ, since I last met you in Parliament, to restore to My Subjects the Blessings of Peace on secure and honourable Terms, have unhappily been rendered ineffectual.

The Declaration which I have caused to be published, and the other Papers which I have directed to be laid before you, will, I am confident, abundantly prove to you, and to the World, that every Step has been taken on My Part, which could tend to accelerate the Con-elusion of Peace; and that the long Delay and final Rupture of the Negotiation are solely to be ascribed to the evasive Conduct, the unwarrantable Pretensions, and the inordinate Ambition of those with whom We have to contend, and, above all, to their inveterate Animosity against these Kingdoms;

I have the fullest Reliance, under the Blessing of Providence, on the Vigour and Wisdom of your Councils, and on the Zeal, Magnanimity, and Courage, of a great and free People, sensible that they are contending for their dearest Interests, nd determined to fiievv themselves worthy of the Blessings which they are struggling to preserve.

Compelled as We are, by the most evident Necessity, to persevere in the Defence of all that is dear to Us, till a more just and pacific Spirit shall prevail on the Part of the Enemy, We have the Satisfaction of knowing that We possess Means and Resources proportioned to the Objects which are at Stake.

During the Period of Hostilities, and under the unavoidable Preflfure of accumulated Burthens, Our Revenue has continued highly productive, Our National Industry has been extended, and Our Commerce has furpa/fed its former Limits.

The Public Spirit of My People has been eminently

displayed;

Resolution for Address on King's Speech.

2° Novembr.

4- l7

displayed; My Troops, of every Description, have acquired fresh Claims to the Esteem and Admiration of their Country; and the repeated Succefies of My Navy, over all Our different Enemies, have been recently crowned by the signal and decisive Victory with which Providence has rewarded the Exertions of My Fleet under the Command of Admiral Lord Duncan. No Event could be attended with more important and beneficial Consequences, or form a more brilliant Addition to the numerous and heroic Exploits which, in the Course of the present War, have raised to a Pitch hitherto unequalled the Naval Glory of the Country.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have directed the Estimates for the ensuing Year to be laid before you. The State of the War, joined to the happy Consequences of Our recent Success, will, I trust, admit of some Diminution of Expence, confidently with the vigorous Efforts which Our Situation indispensably requires. In considering what may be the belt Mode of defraying the heavy Expence which will still be unavoidable, you will, I am persuaded, bear in Mind that the present Crisis presents every Motive to animate you to the most effectual and spirited Exertions; the true Value of any temporary Sacrifices which you may find necessary for this Purpose, can only be estimated by comparing them with the Importance of supporting effectually Our Public Credit, and convincing the Enemy that, while we retain an ardent Desire for the Conclusion of Peace on safe and honourable Terms, We possess the Means, as well as the Determination, to support with Vigour this arduous Contest, as long as it may be necessary for maintaining the Safety, Honour, and Independence, of these Kingdoms.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

After the Experience I have had of your Loyalty and Attachment to Me, and of your anxious Regard for the Interests of My Subjects, I have only to recommend to you a Perseverance in the same Principles and Conduct.

The Events of every Day must more and more impress you with a just Sense of the Blessings which We derive from Our Civil and Religious Establishments, and which have so long distinguished Us among all the Nations of Europe. These Blelfings can only be preserved by inculcating and enforcing a due Reverence and Obedience to the Laws, by repressing with Promptitude every Attempt to disturb Our internal Tranquillity, and by maintaining inviolate that happy Constitution which We inherit from Our Ancestors, on which the Security and Happiness of every Clals of My Subjects essentially depend,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne, and for the Communication of the Declaration and the other Papers respecting the Negotiation with France, which His Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct to be laid before us:

To allure His Majesty, that we shall nor fail to apply ourselves with the utmost Diligence and Attention to the Confederation of the Measures which the present Crisis requires; but we cannot refrain from expressing, at the earliest Moment, our firm Determination to afford His Majesty the most effectual Support in refilling every unwarrantable Pretension, and checking ever)' Attempt diClated by inordinate, Ambition on the Part of those with whom He has to contend:

That we entertain a firm Persuasion, that all His Majesty's faithful Subjects feel, as they ought, the Value of the Blessings which they are struggling to

9

preserve, and will not fail, in every Situation, to support His Majesty, in Defence of their essential Interests, with the Zeal, Magnanimity, and Courage, worthy of a great and free People:

That we must, at the present Moment, observe, with peculiar Satisfaction, the Proofs afforded of our Means „ and internal Resources, in the flourishing State of the Revenue, Industry, and Commerce, of the Country:

That we acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, the Sense which His Majesty expresses of the Public Spirit which has been so eminently displayed by His People, and of the Conduct of His Troops of every Description, which has justly entitled them to the additional Esteem and Admiration of their Country:

And we heartily congratulate His Majesty on the signal and decisive Victory writh which Providence has rewarded the Exertions of His Fleet under the Command of Admiral Lord Duncan; an Event which has crowned the repeated Maritime Succefies obtained over all our Enemies, and has indeed afforded a brilliant Addition to the numerous and heroic Exploits which, in the Course of the present War, have raised to the highest Pitch the Naval Glory of the Country;

It will afford us great Satisfaction to find that any

Branches of our Expence will admit of Reduction, con-fiftently with the Continuance of those vigorous Efforts which must be necessary for our Safety, and which, at all Events, cannot fail to be attended with heavy Expence. In considering what may be the bell Mode of defraying it, we shall undoubtedly bear in Mind the Nature of the present Crisis; and, in estimating the Value of any temporary Sacrifices, we shall not lose Sight of the infinite Importance of supporting effectually our Public Credit, and of convincing the Enemy, that, while we join in His Majesty's anxious Desire for the Conclusion of Peace on safe and honourable Terms, we possess the Means, as well as the Determination, to support with Vigour this arduous Contest, as long as it may be rendered necessary for maintaining the Safety,

Honour, and Independence, of these Kingdoms:

To beseech His Majesty to believe that our Loyalty and Attachment to His Majesty, and our anxious Regard for the Interests of His Subjects, will ensure our Perseverance in that Line of Conduct which may belt preserve the Advantages resulting to His People from His auspicious Government:

That the Blessings which we derive from our Civil and Religious Establishments have long been deeply imprinted on our Minds, but we cannot but feel more and more, from the Events of every Day, how much they distinguish us among all the Nations of Europe; and we shall never be unmindful that they can only be preserved by inculcating and enforcing a due Reverence and Obedience ft) the Laws, by repressing, with Promptitude, every Attempt to disturb our internal Tranquillity, and by maintaining inviolate that happy Constitution which we inherit from our Ancestors, on which the Security and Happiness of every Class of H is Majesty's Subjects essentially depend.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw committee up an Address, to be pretented to II is Majesty, upon appointed to the said Resolution: - dreii.UpA 1"

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Hiley Addington, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Long,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Wallace, The Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Ryder,

Sir Horace Mann, Sir William Toung, Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Elford, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Sargent,

Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Bucknall, or any Five of them; and they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most gracious Speech King's Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said referreii-Committee.

Chichester

Writ.

Norfolk Writ.

Tain, &c. Writ.

Nottingham

Writ.

Hetherfett

Xnclosure

Petition.

Grand Committees ap Jointed.

38 Geo. III.

tf- — 3® No'oembris.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant.to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Citizeri, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Ch, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Steele, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer, in the Court of Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Norfolk, in the room of Sir John IVodehouse, Bafonef, now Barori house, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament, for the District of Burghs of Tain, Dcrnock, Wick, Kirkwall, and Dingwall, in the room of William Dundas, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Distr'nft of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, with a Salary annexed thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town and County of the Town of ..Nottingham, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Smith, Lord Carrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Baron Carrington, called up to the House of Peers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice, do fit every Saturday in the Acte/noon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon in the House.

of Privileges

be

ap-

Committee of

Privileges

appointed.

Vienerisy 30 die Novembrii 5

Anno 38® Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797 Prayers.

A PETITION of /everal of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hetherfett, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners of Lands and Grounds within ihc said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, intermixed Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be rendered of great Value, if divided and inclosed, and specifie Allotments made thereof to the Petitioners and all others interested therein: And therefofe praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing; allotting, inclosing, and exchanging, the said Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, intermixed Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Jodrell, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House. Vol. 53.

Ordered, That a Committee pointed:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Baker, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, The Master of the Rolls, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, Mr. E ford, Sir Charles

Morgan, Mr. Path, Mr. Wilbrah a Bootle, Mr. John Mr; Alderman Anderson, Mr. Abbot, Mr. John Smyth, Lord Charles Henry Somerset, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Ryder', Mr. Bramfon, Mr . Bur don, Mr The Lord Hunt-ingfield, Mr. Wilberforce Bird, Mr. Jones, Sir William Pnltetfey, Mr. Burrow, Mr. Henry Thornton, Mr. Banket', Mr. Wilberforce; Mr. Gregor, Lord Viscount Belgrade,

Mr. Bragge; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Monday Scvennight, at Seven, of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and tb-fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come jn Question touching, the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.'

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any other Orders Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, by the Re- "ade. newal of Petitions, which were depending before this House at the End of the last Session of Parliament, do question the same within the Time limited for the Forfeiture of the Recognizances, in case such Petitions shall not be renewed, as mentioned in an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act fc'r the further llegulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;" and that all other Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the' Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to lcrve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery.; or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and

C Misdemeanor;

6

3 Novembris.

A. 1797.

Misdemeatior; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Perfott hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or _ any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender!

Resolved, Nemtne Contradicente, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament:

Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House; deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the lame, against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts on their Part to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered \That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody

any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be

informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the

House, or any Committee of the whole House, is

iitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be

discharged out of Custody without the special Order of

the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs ' leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disordersj in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall prelume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or loling -of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person, to be appointed by the Poll Mailer General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the fapie to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame} and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper -to be-communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House. is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered,-That no Member of this House do presume Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting. appoint the Printing thereof; and that po Person, but

such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the '

Ordered, That the Constables? and other Officers, of lame.

Middlesex and Westminster do take Care, that, from

Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an A<\con"t Afternopn, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for or ere ' during uie Session of Parliament, the Passages through One Year, ending the 10th of October 1797; distin- T re°s lIceo the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall guishing each Quarter, and distinguishing also the shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions Duties imposed in 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, and be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to 1797.

hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Cjnfoiidited House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Fund *

House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending the 10th aforesaid. of Ott 1797.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, Address re

Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be ported, and during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had agree t0" no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had therein or thereabouts. . directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Bailiff of Wefimirfier j and that he do fee the same put the Clerk's Table: Where the fapie was read; and is in Execution. as followeth; viz.

1 Most

38 Geo. III.

3° Novemlris.

Most Gracious Sovereign;

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled,

beg leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most Gracioiis Speech from the Throne, and for the Communication of the Declaration, and the other Papers respecting the Negotiation with , which Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct to be laid before us.

Permit us to assure Your Majesty, that we shall not fail to apply ourselves, with the utmost Diligence and Attention, to the Consideration of the Measures which the present Crisis requires; but we cannot refrain from expressing, at the earlieff Moment, our firm Determination to afford Your Majesty the most effectual Support in refilling every unwarrantable fretension, and checking every Attempt dictated by inordinate Ambition on the Part of those with whom we have to contend.

We entertain a firm Persuasion that all Your Majesty's faithful Subjects feel as they ought the Value of the Blelfings which they are struggling to preserve, and will not fail, in every Situation, to support Your Majesty, in Defence of their essential Interests, with the Zeal, Magnanimity, and Courage, worthy of a great and free People: And we mull, at the present Moment, observe, with peculiar Satisfaction, the Proofs afforded of our Means and internal Resources in the flourishing State of the Revenue, Indultiy, and Commerce, of the Couritry.

With the utmost Gratitude we acknowledge the Sense which Your Majesty expresses of the Public Spirit which has been so eminently displayed by Your People, and of the Conduct of Your Majesty's Troops of every Description, which has justly entitled them to the additional Esteem and Admiration of their Country.

And we most heartily congratulate Your Majesty on the signal and decisive Victory with which Providence has rewarded the Exertions of Your Fleet under the Command of Admiral Lord Duncan; an Event which has crowned the repeated Maritime Succefies obtained over all our Enemies, and has indeed afforded a brilliant Addition to the numerous and heroic Exploits which, in the Course of the present War, have raised to the highest Pitch the Naval Glory of the Country.

It will afford us great Satisfaction to find that any Branches of our Expence will admit of Reduction, confidently with the Continuance of those vigorous Efforts which must be necessary for our Safety, and which, at all Events, cannot fail to be attended with heavy Expence. In considering what may be the best Mode of defraying it, we shall, undoubtedly, bear in Mind the Nature of the present Crisis; and, in estimating the Value of any temporary Sacrifices, we shall not lose Sight of the infinite Importance of supporting effectually our Public Credit, and of convincing the Enemy that while we join in Your Majesty's anxious Desire for the Conclusion of Peace, on safe and honourable Terms, we possess the Means, as well as the Determination, to support with Vigour this arduous Contest, as long as it may be rendered necessary, for maintaining the Safety, Honour, and Independence, of thel'e Kingdoms.

We beseech Your Majesty to believe that our Loyalty and Attachment to Your Majesty, and our anxious Regard for the Interests of Your Subjects, will ensure pur Perseverance in that Line of Conduct Which may bed preserve the Advantages resulting to Your People from Your Majesty's auspicious Government.

The Blelfings which we derive from our Civil and Religious Establishments have long been deeply imprinted on our Minds; and we cannot but feel more and more, from the Events of every Day, how much they distinguish us among all the Nations of Europe; we shall never be unmindful that they can Only be pre-

Vol. 53.

served by inculcating "and enforcing a due Reverence and Obedience to the Laws, by repressing with Promptitude every Attempt to disturb our internal Tranquillity, and by maintaining inviolate that happy Constitution Which We inherit from our Ancestors, on which the Security and Happiness of every Class of Your Majesty's Subjects essentially depend.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech King's Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consider- fidexed°n' dtion Tomorrow Morning.

4

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by Declaration

His Majesty's Command, N ofbtion *

A Paper, intituled, " Declaration;" dated Westtnin- w!fh France, Jler, October 28, 1797. presented.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

DECLARATION, dated Westminster, OElo-28, 1797.

His Majesty's benevolent Endeavours to restore to His People the Blessings of secure and honourable Peace, again repeated without Success, have again demonstrated, beyond the Possibility of Doubt, the determined and persevering Hostility of the Government of France, in whose unprovoked Aggression the War

originated, and by whose boundleis and destructive Ambition it is dill prolonged. And while by the Course of these Transactions, continued Proofs have been afforded to all His Majesty's faithful Subjects, of His anxious and unremitting Solicitude for their Welfare, they cannot, at the same Time, have failed to recognize, in the uniform Conduct of the Enemy, the Spirit by which the Councils of France are dill actuated, and the Objects to which they are directed.

His Majesty could not but feel how much the Means of Peace had been obstructed by the many additional Difficulties which His Enemies had so repeatedly thrown in the Way of every Negotiation. Nevertheless, on the very first Appearance of Circumstances in some Degree more favourable to the Interests of Humanity, the same ardent Desire for the Ease and Happiness of His Subjects induced His Majesty to renew His Overtures for terminating the Calamities of War: Thus availing Hirhself of every Opening which could in-any Manner lead to secure and honourable Peace, and con-fulting equally die Wishes of His own Heart and the Principles by which His Conduct has invariably been guided.

New Obstacles were immediately interposed by those who dill directed the Councils of France, and who, amidst the general Define for Peace, which they could not at that Time openly disclaim dill retained the Power of frustrating the Wilhes of their own Country', of counteracting His Majesty's benevolent Intentions, -and of obstructing that Reful t; which Was so necessary for the Happiness of both Nations. Difficulties of Form were (ludioully created; Modes of Negotiation were infilled upon, the most inconsistent with their own Conduct in every other Instance; the same Spirit appeared in every Step which was taken by them; and while the most unwarranted Insinuations were thrown out, and the most unfounded Reproaches brought forward, the established Customs and Usages, which have long prevailed in Europe, were purposely departed

from

8

j6 Novembris.

A 1797.

frorri; eVefi in the simplest Acts which were to be done on their Part for the Renewal of the Negotiations. All these Things His Majesty determined to disregard; not as being inlenfible of their Purport and Tendency nor unmindful of the Importance of these Points; , in the public Intercourse of great and independent Nations, but resolving to defeat the Object of these Artifices and to fqffer nd subordinate or inferior Consideration to impede. On His Part, the Discussion of the weighty apd extensive Interests on which the Termination of the War muff necessarily depend.

He directed His Minister to repair to France, furnished with the moll ample Powers, and instructed to communicate at once an explicit and detailed Proposal ' and Plan of Peace, reduced into the Shape of a regular Treaty, just and moderate in its Principles, embracing all the Interests concerned, and extending to every Subject connected with the Restoration of Public Tranquillity. The Communication of this Paper, delivered in the very first Conference, was accompanied by such Explanations as fully stated and detailed the utmost Extent of His Majesty's Views, and at the same Time gave ample Room for the Examination of every disputed Point, for mutual Arrangement and Concession, and for reciprocal Facilities arising out of the Progress of fair Discussion.

To this Proceeding, open and liberal beyond Example, the Conduct of His Majesty's Enemies opposes the most striking Contrail. From them no Counter-Pfojed has ever yet been obtained: No Statement of the Extent or Nature of the Conditions on whiqh they would conclude any Peace with these Kingdoms. Their Pretensions have always been brought forward either as detached or as preliminary Points, tiiftind from the main Object of Negotiation, and accompanied, in every Instance, with an express liefcive of farther and unexplained Demands.

The Points which, in pursuance of this System, the Plenipotentiaries of the Enemy proposed for Separate Discussion in their first Conferenced with His Majesty's Minister were at once frivolous and offensive; none of them productive of any solid Advantage to France, but all calculated to raile new Obstacles in the Way of Peace. And to these Demands was Soon after added another, in its Form unprecedented, in its Substance extravagant, and such as could originate only in the most determined and inveterate Hollility. The Principle of mutual Compensation, before expressly admitted by common Consent as the just and equitable Rafis of Negotiation, was now disclaimed; every Idea of Moderation or Reason, every Appearance of Justice, was disregarded; and a Concession was required from His Majesty's Plenipotentiary, as a Preliminary and indispensable Condition of Negotiation, which mull at once have superseded all the Objects, and precluded all' the Means of treating; France, after incorporating with her own Dominions so large a Portion of her Conquests, and affecting to have deprived herself, by her own internal Regulations, of the Power of alienating these valuable Additions of Territory, did not Scruple to demand from His Majesty the absolute and unconditional Surrender of all that the Energy of His People, and the Valour of His Fleets and Armies have conquered in the present War, either from France or from her Allies. She required that the Power of Great

His Majesty was to be allowed to learn what farther unexplained Demands were still reserved, and to what greater Sacrifices these unprecedented Concessions of Honour and Safety Were to lead.

Whatever were the Impressions which such a Proceeding created, they did not induce the King abruptly to preclude the Means of Negotiation. In rejecting Without a Moment's Hefuation a Demand, which cohid have been made for po other Reason than because it was inadmiftible. His Majesty, from the fixed Resolution tb avail himself of every Chance of bringing the Negotiation to a favourable Issue, directed that an Opening should still be left for treating on reasonable and equal Grounds, such as might become the Dignity of His Crown, and the Rank and Station in Europe in which it has pleased the Divine Providence to place the

British Nation.

This temperate and conciliatory Conduct was strongly expressive of the Benevolence of His Majesty's Intentions; and it appeared for feme Time to have prepared the Way for that Relult, which has been the uniform Object of all His Measures. Two Months elapsed after His Majesty had unequivocally and definitively refused to comply with the unreasonable and extravagant Preliminary which had been demanded by His Enemies. During all that.Tirrie the Negotiation was continued open, the Conferences were regularly held, and the Demand, thus explicitly rejected by one ' Party, was never once renewed by the other. It was not only abandoned, it was openly disclaimed; Assurances were given in direct Contradidlion to it. Promises were continually repeated, that His Majesty's explicit and detailed Proposals should at length be answered by that which could alone evince a real Dif-position to negotiate with Sincerity, by the Delivery of a Counter-Project, of a Nature tending to facilitate1 the Conclusion of Peace; and the long Delays of the French Government in executing these Promises, were excused and accounted for by an unequivocal Declaration, that France was concerting with her Allies for those Sacrifices on their Part, which might afford the Means of proceeding in the Negotiation. Week after Week passed over in the Repetition of these solemn Engagements on the Part of His Majesty's Enemies. His Desire for Peace induced him to wait for their Completion, with an Anxiety proportioned to the Importance of the Object; nor was it much to expect, that His Minister should at length be informed what was the Extent and Nature of the Conditions on which His Enemies were disposed to terminate the War.

It was in this Stage of the Business that, on the-11 th of September, the Appointment of new Plenipotentiaries was announced on the Part of France, under a formal Promise that their Arrival should facilitate and expedite the Work of Peace.

Tb renew in a Shape still more offensive than before, the inadmissible Demand so long before brought forward, and so long abandoned, was the first Act of these new Messengers of Peace. And such was now the undisguised Impatience of the King's Enemies to terminate all Treaty, and to exclude all Prospect of Accommodation, that even the Continuance of the King's Plenipotentiary at the appointed Place of Negotiation was made by them to- depend on his immediate Compliance with a Condition which his Court

ic, inlliould be confined within its former Limits, at the very Moment when her own Dominion was extended to a Degree almost unparallelled in History. She infilled, that in Proportion to the Increa.fe of Danger, the Means of Resistance should be diminished; and that His Majesty should give up, without Compensation, and into the Hands of His Enemies, the necessary Defences of His Possessions, and the future Safeguards of His Empire, Nor was even this Demand brought forward as constituting the Terms of Peace, but the Trice of Negotiation; as the Condition on which alcn?

had. Two Months before, explicitly refused, and concerning which no farther Discussion had since occurred. His Reply was such as the Occasion required; and he immediately received a positive and written Order to depart from France.

The subsequent Conduct of His Majesty's Enemies has aggravated even this Proceeding, and added fresh Insult to this unexampled Outrage. The infurmount able Obstacles which they threw in the Way of Peace, were accompanied with an ostentatious Profession of the most pacific Dispositions. In cutting off the

Means

58 Geo. 111.

34 Novemhns.

Weans of Negotiation they still pretended to retain the strongest Desire to negotiate: In ordering the King's Minister to quit their Country, they professed the Hope of his immediate Return to it: And in renewing their former inadmissible and rejected Demand, they declared their confident Expectation of a speedy and favourable Answer. Yet before any Answer could arrive, they published a Declaration, announcing to their Country the Departure of the King's Minister, and attempting, as in every former Instance, to ascribe to the Conduct of Great Britain the Dilappointment of the general With for Peace, and the Renewal of all the Calamities of War. The same Attempt has been prolonged in subsequent Communications, equally in-fidious and illusory, by which they have obviously intended to furnish the Colour and empty Pretence of a Wish for Peace, while they have still studiously and obstinately persisted in evading every Step which could lead to the Success of any Negotiation; have continued to infill on the same inadmissible and extravagant Preliminary, and have uniformly withheld all Explanation, either on the Particulars of the Proposals of Peace lb long since delivered by His Majesty's Minister, or on any other Terms on which they were themselves ready to conclude: And this in the vain Hope, that it could be possible,. by any Artifice, to dil'guise the Truth of these TransaCiions, or that any Exercise of Power, however despotic, could prevent such FaCls from being known, felt, and understood, even in France itfielf.

To France, to Europe, and to the World, it mull

be manifest, that the French Government (while they persist in their present Sentiments) leave His Majesty without an Alternative, unless He were prepared to surrender and sacrifice to the undisguised Ambition of His Enemies the Honour of His Crown and the Safety of His Dominions. It must be manifest, that, instead of shewing, on their Part, any Inclination to meet His Majesty's pacific Overtures on any moderate Terms, they have never brought themselves to state any Terms (however exorbitant) on which they were ready to conclude Peace. They have asked as a Preliminary (and in the Form the moll arrogant and offensive) Concessions which the comparative Situation of the Two Countries would have rendered extravagant in any Stage of Negotiation; which were directly contrary to their own repeated Pro-sessions; and which, nevertheless, they peremptorily required to be complied with in the very Outset; re-lerving an unlimited Power of afterwards accumulating, from Time to Time, fresh Demands, increasing in proportion to every new Concession.

On the other Hand, the Terms proposed by His Majesty have been stated in the most clear, open, and unequivocal Manner. The Discussion of all the Points to which they relate, or of any others which the Enemy might bring forward as the Terms of Peace, has been, on H is Majesty's Part, repeatedly called for, as often promised by the French Plenipotentiaries, but to this Day has never yet been obtained. The Rupture of the Negotiation is not therefore to beaferibed to any Pretentions (however inadmissible) urged as the Price of Peace; not to any ultimate Difference on Terms, however exorbitant; but to the evident and fixed Determination of the Enemy to prolong the Contest, and to pursue at all Hazards, their hostile Designs against the Prosperity and Safety of these Kingdoms.

While this Determination continues to prevail, His Majesty's earned Wishes and Endeavours to restore Peace to His Subjects mu ft be fruitless. But His Sentiments remain unaltered. He looks with anxious Expectation to the Moment when the Government of France may shew a Disposition and Spirit in any Degree corresponding to His own. And He rcnews.even now, and before all Europe, the solemn Declaration, that, in spite of repeated Provocations, and at the very Moment when his Claims have been strengthened and confirmed by that Vox.. 53.

fresh Sudcefs which, by the Blessing of Providence; has recently attended His Arms, He is yet ready (if the Calamities of War can now be closed) to conclude Peace on the same moderate and equitable Principles and Terms which he has before proposed: The Rejection of such Terms must now, more than ever, demonstrate the implacable Animosity and insatiable Ambition of those with whom He has to contend, and to them alone must the future Consequences of the Prolongation of the W'ar be ascribed.

If such unhappily is the Spirit by which they are still actuated. His Majesty can neither hesitate as to the Principles of His own Condufl, nor doubt the Sentiments and Determination of His People. He will not be wanting to them, and He is confident they will not be wanting to themselves. He has an anxious, but a sacred and indispensable Duty to fulfil: He will discharge it with Resolution, Constancy, and Firmnels.

Deeply as He must regret the Continuance of a War so destructive in its Progress, and so burthensome even in its Success, He knows the £hara<fter of the brave People whose Interests and Honour are entrusted to Him.

These it is the first Object of His Life to maintain; and He is convinced, that neither the Resources nor the Spirit of His Kingdoms will be found inadequate to this arduous Contest, or unequal to the Importance and ‘ Value of the Objects which are at Stake. He trulls that the Favour of Providence, by which they have always hitherto been supported against all their Enemies will be still extended to them; and that, under this Protection, His faithful Subjects, by a resolute and vigorous Application of the Means which they possess will be enabled to vindicate the Independence of their Country, and to refill with just Indignation the assumed Superiority of an Enemy, against whom they have fought with the Courage, and Success, and Glory o( their Ancestors; iand who aims at nothing less than to destroy at once whatever has contributed to the Prospe- rity and Greatness of the British Empire; all the Channels of its Industry, and all the Sources of its Power j \

its Security from Abroad, its Tranquillity at Home j and, above all, that Constitution, on which alone depends the undisturbed Enjoyment of its Religion, Laws and Liberties.

Westminster, October 28, 1797.

Mr. Secretary Dundas also presented to the House, by ' '

His Majesty's Command,

N° 1. Official Note from Lord Grenville to the Mi- Papers rc-nifter for Foreign Affairs of the French Republic, dated Westminster, ift June 1797; and Translation: And also, with fLTc", N° 2. Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Presented. Affairs to Lord Grenville, dated P, 16 5th

Y ear of the French Republic; and Translation: And also,

N° 3. Official Note from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, dated 8th

1797; and Translation: And also,

N° 4. Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Grenville, dated Paris, 23 Prairial, 5 th Year; and Translation: And also, *

N° 5. Passport; and Translation: And also,

N° 6. Official Note from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, dated 17th June

1797; and Translation: And also,

N° 7. Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Grenville, dated Paris, 2 , and Translation: And also,

N° 8. Official Note from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs, dated 26th June

1797; and Translation: And also,

N° 9. Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Grenville, dated Paris, 11 Mejjidor, 5th '

Year; and Translation: And also,

N° 10. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmesbury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 6th July, 'Thursday, Eight P. M. 1797: And also,

D N 11,

to ( 30 Novembris. A. 1797

N° 11. Copy of the full Powers of the French Pleni-potcntiarics; and Translation: And also,

N° 12. Extrad of a Dispatch from Lord to Lord Grenville, dated Lijlt\nth July 1797: And all'o,

N° 13. (A.) Copy of the Project delivered by Lord Malmejoury to the French Plenipotentiaries, 8th July 1797; and Translation: And also,

N° 14. (B.) Note from Lord Malmejhury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated Lije, Sth 1797; and Translation: And also,

N° 15. (C.) Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lij21 5th Year;

and Translation: And also,

N° 16. (D.) Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lijle, 22 5th Year;

and Translation: And also,

N° 17. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmejhury, dated Downing Street, 13th July 1797: And also,

N° 18. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 16th July 1797: And also,

N° 19. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 16th July 1797: And also,

N® 20. (A.) Note from the French Plenipotentiaries' to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lijle, 27 5th Year;

and Translation: And also,

N® 21. (B.) Note from Lord Malmejhury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated Lijle, 15th July 1797; and Translation: And also,

N® 22. (C.) Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lijle, 27 MeJJidor, 5 th Year; and Translation: And also,

N® 23. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmejhury, dated Downing Street, 20th July 1797: Arid also,

N® 24. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmejhury, dated Dozvning Street, 20th July 1797: And also,

N°25. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 25th July 1797: And also,

N° 26. Note from Lord Malmejhury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated Lijle, 24th July l'jg'j , and Translation: And also,

N" 27. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, Sunday, 6th 1797:

And also,

N® 28. Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lijle, 17 Flier mi dor, 3th Year; and Translation: And also,

N® 29. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lije, 14th August 1797: And also,

N® 304 Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmejhury, dated Downing Street, 19th August 1797: Artd also,

N® 31. Extract from the Message of the French Directory to the Council of Five Hundred, of the 9th August 1797; and Translation: And also,

N° 32. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 22d August 1797: And allb,

N 33. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle,22d August 1797: And also,

N® 34. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 29th August 1797: And

also,

N® 35. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 3th September 1797: And also,

N® 36. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle9th September 1797: And also,

N® 37. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmejhury, dated Dozvning Street, September 11 th; *

1797: And also,

N°38. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 11th September 1797:

And also,

N® 39. Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lijle, 25 5th Year;

and Translation: And also,

N° 40. Note from Lord Malmejhury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated Lije, 12th September 1797; and Translation: And also,

N® 41. Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmejhury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 17th September 1797: And also,

N® 42. Copy of a Dispatch from Lord to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 17 th September 1797: And also,

N® 43 (A.) Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lijle, 29 Friuli dor, - 5th Year; and Translation: And also,

N® 44 (B.) Note from Lord Malmejhury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated Lijle, iOtli September 1797; and Translation: And also,

N® 45 (C.) Note from the French Plenipotentiaries ' to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lije, 30 5 th

Year; and Translation: And also,

N® 46 (D.) Note from Lord Malmejhury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated Lije, 16th September 1797; and Translation: And also,

N® 47 (E.) Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lije, 30th 3th

Year; and Translation: And also,

N® 48 (F.) Note from Lord Malmejhury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated Lijle, Sunday, 17th September, 1797; and Translation: And also,

N® 49 (G.) Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated ift Complimentary

Day, 3th Year; and Translation: And also,

N® 30. Dispatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmejhury, dated Downing Street, 22d September 1797: And also,

N® 51. Note from Lord Malmejhury to the Plenipotentiaries, dated London, 22d 1797;

and Translation: And also,

N 52. Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lije, 4th 3th

Year; and Translation: And also,

N® 33. Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmejhury, dated Lijle, 10th Vendemiaire, 6th Year; and Translation: And also,

N® 34. Note from Lord Malmejhury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated London, 3th October 1797; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Papers arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session, and the said Translations, and Copies and Extracts of Dispatches, are as followeth; viz.

N® 1.

TRANSLATION of an Official Note from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the French Republic; dated IFeJi-minster, ift June 1797.

The Signature of the Preliminaries of a Peace, the definitive Conclusion of which is to put an End to the Continental War, appears to afford to the Two Governments of Great Britain and France a patural Opportunity and new Facilities for the Renewal of pacific Negotiations between them: A Part of the Obstacles, which might have retarded this salutary Work, no longer existing; and the Interests to be treated of be- ing.

38 Geo. IIL % ° NovemMs \

ing, after this Event, neither so extensive nor so complicated as they were before.

' The Court of London, always desirous of employing such Means as are bell calculated to contribute to this Object, so interesting to 'the Happiness of the-Two Nations, is unwilling to omit renewing to the French Government the Assurance of the Continuance of its Dispositions on this Subject; And the Undersigned is authorized to propose to the Minister for Foreign Affairs to enter without Delay, and in such Manner as Hull be judged the most expedient, upon the Discussion of the Views and Pretensions of each Party for the Regulation of the Preliminaries of a Peace, which may be definitively arranged at the future Congress.

As soon as the Form of this Negotiation shall have been agreed upon, the British Government will be ready

to concur in it, by taking on its Part such Measures as are the most proper for accelerating the Re-establiftl-ment of the public Tranquillity.

Westminster, (Signed) -

June ift, i/97 *

The, Undersigned is directed to desire to know the With of the Directory as to the Place of tire Negotiation, in order that a speedy Determination may be taken herd upon that Subject; and to request the Minister for Foreign Affairs to fend him, without Delays the necessary Passports, to enable the King's Plenipotentiary to repair immediately to his Destination. The. Question of signing Preliminary or Definitive Articles will necessarily depend upon the Progress and Turn of the Negotiations, to which; on the Part of Great Britain, will be brought the most sincere Desire for thd speedy Re-establishment of Peace;

Westminster, (Signed) Grenville.

June8th, 1797;

N 4.

T ft A N S L AT I O N of an Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs, td Lord Grenville; dated Paris, 23d 5th Year.

N 2.

TRANSLATION of an Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Grenville-, dated Paris, 16th 5th

Year of the French Republic.

The undersigned Minister for Foreign Affairs of the French Republic loft no Time in laying before the Executive Directory the Note which was transmitted to him on the ift of June (O.S.) by Lord Grenville, in the Name of His Britannick Majesty. He is directed to answer it.

The Executive Directory fees with Satisfaction the Desire which the Cabinet of St. James's expresses to put an End, at length, to the Calamities of War. — It will receive with Eagerness the Overtures and Propo-fals which shall be made to It by the Court of England.

The Executive Directory desires notwithstanding, that the Negotiations should be set on Foot at once for a Definitive Treaty. This Proceeding appears to the Directory preferable to a Congress, of which the Result rauft be remote, and which does not correspond with the ardent Desire that it has to re-establish, as quickly as possible. Peace between the Two Powers.

(Signed) Clt. Delacroix,

Paris, 16th Prairial, 5th Year of the French Republic, One and Indivisible.

(June 4, 1797.)

N» 3.

TRANSLATION of an Official Note from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Westminster, 8th June 1797.

The Court of London has received, with the greatest Satisfaction, the Assurances of the Dispositions of the Executive Directory to entertain with Eagerness the pacific Overtures of Great Britain, as well as of It's Desire to re-establish, as soon as possible, Peace between the Two Powers.

Anxious to contribute to it in every Thing which can depend upon Itself, the British Government will not delay to send to Paris, or to such other Place, upon the Continent, as may be agreed upon, a Minister, to treat and conclude with the Plenipotentiary, who shaft be appointed by the Executive Directory.

Vol. 33 *

The Executive Directory of the French Republic has seen with Satisfaction, by the Official Note of Lord Grenville, dated June 8th (O. S.), that the Court of London shews Itself disposed to let on Foot, without Delay, the Negotiation, for which It has lately made an Overture. Filled with the same Eagernels, convinced that the Intentions of the British Government are such as It describes them, the Directory has directed the Undersigned, Minister for Foreign Affairs, to transmit to Lord Grenville the necessary Passports for a Minister fumished with full Powers for the Purpose of negotiating a definitive and separate Treaty of Peace with the French Republic.

The Executive Directory has fixed upon the Commune of Lijle as the Place of Meeting for the respectfive Plenipotentiaries.

(Signed) Ch. Delacroix,

Paris, 23 Prairial, 5th, Year of the French Republic,

{June nth, 1797.)

N- 5.

TRANSLATION of the Passport;

dated Paris, 23d Prairial, 5th Year.

Liberty, Equality. Fraternity, Union.

In the Name of the French Republic.

To all Officer , Civil and Military, charged to maintain public Order in the different Departments of France, and to make the French Name respected Abroad.

Allow to pass freely furnished with the full Powers of His Britannick Majesty for the Purpose of negotiating, concluding, and signing a Definitive and Separate Treaty of Peace with the French Republic, Native of, &c. &c.

going to Lijle, Department of the North, the Place appointed for the Negotiation, without giving or fuss'ering any Hindrance to be given to him.

This Passport shall be in force for Decades

only.

Given at Paris the 3d Prairial, 5th Year of the Republic, One and Indivisible.

The Minister for Foreign Affairs,

(Signed) Ch. Delacroix.

By the Minister,

(Signed) T. Guiradet, $ep. £&.

12 3° Novembris. A. 1797 *

N 6.

TRANSLATION of an Official Note from Lord Grenville, to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Westminster, June 17th, 1797.

The Undersigned has received from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the French Republic his Official Note, with the Passport which accompanied it.

The Court of London willingly accepts the Proposal of the French Government with respect to the Place of Negotiation, and consents that Lijle shall be appointed as the Place of Meeting for the respective Plenipotentiaries: — It being always understood, that the King's Plenipotentiary shall have Liberty to dispatch his Couriers directly from Li/le to Dover, by Way of Calais; and that the English Vessels, appointed for keeping up this Communication, shall be allowed freely to go into, and come out of, the Port of Calais, and to pass in perfect Safety between that City and Dover.

W'ith respect to the Passport, the Undersigned finds himself under the Necessity of remarking that the Terms in which this Instrument is drawn up, differ from the usual Form, by the particular Description, which is inserted in them, of the Nature and Extent of the Powers, and of the Million of the King's Plenipotentiary.

This hew Form appears liable to produce, in many Instances, considerable Inconvenience; and, according to the Terms used in this particular Instance, it would have the Disadvantage of not answering exactly to the Powers and the Million of the Minister in question.

His full Powers, drawn up in the usual Form, will include every Cafe; and without prescribing to him any particular Mode of Negotiation, will give him the most unlimited Authority to conclude any Articles or Treaties, whether Preliminary or Definitive, as might best conduce to the speedy Re-establishment of Peace', which is the foie Object of his Million.

But the Court of London does not by any Means make a Point of concluding a Preliminary Treaty, and would prefer only that Mode, whatever it may be, which shall be found the belt calculated to accelerate the Conclusion of Peace.

The King's Plenipotentiary then will be equally ready, and authorized to begin the Negotiation without Delay, upon either Footing; upon the Footing of a Preliminary Treaty — or should such continue to be the YVifh of the Directory, upon that of a Definitive Treaty.

As to what regards the Question of a separate Treaty — there would be no Objection to settling, by a Treaty of this Kind, whatever relates to the respective Interests of France and of Great Britain, as has been usually the Practice in similar Cafes: But the King can not allow any Doubt to subsist as to His Intention of providing for what is due to the Interests of His Ally Her Molt Faithful Majesty. And in pursuance of the same Principles, His Majesty will not refuse to enter into such Explanations with respect to the Interests of Spain and Holland as may appear necessary for the Re-establishment of Peace.

After this frank and precise Explanation, the Government is persuaded that the Directory will not delay to transmit to them a Passport for the British Plenipotentiary and his Suite, in the usual Form, and such as was sent in the Month of October last for the Mission with which Lord Malme/bury was then charged.

In this Expedition, and for the Sake of avoiding all Delay, H is Majesty has already made Choice of the same Minister to represent Him on this important Occasion. And the Undersigned is charged to enquire on what Day the French Plenipotentiary will be at Lijle, in order that Lord Mamay arrive there at the same Tiipe.

(Signed) Grenville.

Westminster,

June 17 th, 1797.

TRANSLATION of an Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs, to Lord Grenville; dated Paris, 2 v

The undersigned Minister for Foreign Affairs has laid before the Directory, immediately upon its Receipt, the Official Note addressed to him by Lord Grenville, dated June. 17th, 1797, (O. S.) He loles no Time in replying to it, according to the Orders which he has received.

The Directory, partaking most sincerely in the pacific Sentiments which His Britannick Majesty announces, and wishing to bring the Negotiations as quickly as possible to a happy Ilfue, perlilts in requiring that the respective Plenipotentiaries shall begin immediately upon their Meeting to treat of a Definitive Treaty. The Directory accepts, with Satisfaction, the Content of 11 is Britannick Majesty upon this Subject, expressed in the Note of Lord Grenville.

The Directory consents that His Britannick Majesty shall make, by His Pienipotenliaiy, such Proposals or Stipulations as He shall fcliink proper for Her Most Faithful Majesty, as in return the Plenipotentiaries of the Republic will do for their Allies his Catholic Majesty and the Batavian Republic.

The Directory consents that the Negotiation shall be opened with Lord Malmejhiry. Another Choice would, however, have appeared to the Directory to augur more favourably for the speedy Cunciulkn cf Peace.

The Directory requires that it shall be established as a Principle, that each English Packet Boat, which shall have brought over either the Plenipotentiary or a Courier, shall return without Delay, and shall not be allowed to make any Stay. The Directory will give Orders that a French Packet Boat shall be fufnished, without Delay, to each of the Couriers whom the Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty Avail difip-atch. The Directory desires, at the same Time, that the Couriers flvould not be sent too frequently; the frequent fending of them having been one of the principal Causes of the Rupture of the former Negotiation.

After the above Explanation, it becomes unnecessary to transmit to Lord Grenville a new Passport; the I(e-ftridions which he apprehended were to be found in that which has been addressed to him, being entirely done away.

The French Plenipotentiaries will have arrived at Lijle by the Time at which Lord can him-

self be there.

(Signed) C/\. Delacroix.

Paris, 2 BleJJidor,

(June 20, 1797.)

N 8.

TRANSLATION of an Official Note from Lord Grenville to the Minister for Foreign Affairs; dated Westminster,26th June 1 797.

The Undersigned has laid before the King the Official Note of the French Government, which he received the 23d of the present Month.

As to the Two first Articles of this Note both Parties are agreed. On this Point therefore there is nothing to be added to the Explanations already given; in consequence of which Explanations Lord Muhnesbury will, without Delay, proceed to Lijle to enter into a Nego- , tiation with the French Plenipotentiaries for the Completion of a Definitive Treaty. The Remark of the Directory upon the Choice which His Majesty has thought fit to make of His Plenipotentiary, being certainly of a Nature not to require any Antwcr.

The

13

3° Novembr

38 G£o. III.

The BritiskGovernment agrees to the Arrangement

proposed for the Packet Boats; provided that a French Packet-Boat shall be furnished regularly, and without the least Delay, for each Courier which the British Plenipotentiary shall find it necessary to dispatch: The Exercise of his incontestable Right in this Respect being to be governed by his own Discretion only, with a View to bringing the Negotiation with which he . is charged to a speedy and successful End.

With regard to the Rupture of the last Negotiation, the Circumstances and the Motives of it are known to all Europe-, and it is not at the Moment of entering

into a new pacific Difculfion that the British Government conceives that it can be of any Use to recall them to Recclledtion.

Lord Ma/mefbury will set out from London on the 30th of this Month to proceed to Calais; from whence he will arrange his Departure according to the Notification he may receive of the Day on which the French Ministers may reach Lijle,

Westminster, (Signed)

June 26, 1797.

N‘$.

TRANSLATION of an Official Note from the Minister for Foreign Affairs to Lord Grenville-, dated Paris, 11 , 5 th Year.

'the undersigned Minister for Foreign Affairs loft no Time in laying before the Executive Directory the Official Note addressed to him by Lord Grenville, dated the 16th June (O. S.) 8th of the present Month

In Answer to this Note, he has the Honour to declare to Lord Grenville, that the Plenipotentiaries charged by the Directory with the Negotiation, are already assembled at Lijle, and that the Conferences may be set on Foot as soon as the Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty (hall- have arrived there. Provision has been made that there shall never be a Want of Packet Boats for the Couriers which he shall think ' proper to send to London.

The Undersigned at the same Time apprizes Lord Grenville, that a Copy of this Note will be delivered to Lord Malmesbury on his Arrival at Calais, in order that there may be nothing to hinder his immediate Departure for Lijle.

(Signed) Ch. Delacroix.

Paris, 11 Mejfidor,

5 th Year.

(June29, 1797.)

N 10.

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord

Malmejburyto Lord , dated Lijle,

July6th, Thursday,8.P. M. 1797.

My Lord,

Having had this Morning my first Conference with the French Plenipotentiaries, and having mutually exchanged our full Powers, I think it my Duty to dispatch a Messenger, in order that His Majesty may have the earliest Information of this Circumstance. My Dispatch however mud be confined to this alone, as nothing whatever has yet passed relative to the Negotiation itself.

Vol. 53.

N 11.

TRANSLATION of the Copy of the full Powers of the French Plenipotentiaries.

Equality. Liberty.

Extract from' the Registers of the Deliberations of

the Executive Directory.

Paris the 30th Prairial,«;th Year of the French Republic, One and Indivisible.

the Executive Directory, after having heard the Report of the Minister for Foreign Affairs, decrees as follows:

The Citizens Letoumeur, heretofore Member of the Executive Directory, Pkville ie Pelley, and ,are authorized to negotiate with the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty, the Treaty of Peace to be concluded between the French Republic and Great Britain. The Directory gives them the necessary full Powers for agreeing upon and signing the Articles of the Treaty to be made. They shall conform themselves to the Instructions which have been, or shall be given to them by the Executive Directory, to whom they shall render an Account of the Progress and the Issue of the Negotiations.

They are equally authorized, and under the same Conditions, to stipulate for the Allies of the Republic, His Catholic Majesty and the Batavian Republic.

The Citizen Colchen, appointed Secretary General to the French Legation, is authorized to assist at the Conferences, to afford the Information which shall be required of him, and to take a Note of what shall be agreed upon and settled.

The present Decree shall not be printed for the present.

' A true Copy.

The President of the v Executive Directory,

Carnot.

By the Executive Directory, the Secretary General, Lagarde.

N# 12.

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord bury to Lord Grenville, dated , nth July 1797.

I had the Honour in my last, by Brooks, of the 6th Instant, to inform your Lordship of my Arrival here, of the Manner in which I had been received, and of my having, in the ul'ual Form, exchanged my full Powers with the French Plenipotentiaries.

On Friday the 7th at Noon we held our Second Conference.

I opened this Second Conference with the French Plenipotentiaries, by saying, that 1 myself had no Observations to make on their full Powers, which appeared to be conformable to those usually given by the Directory to their Plenipotentiaries, and of course must be considered as sufficient for the Purposes express'cd in them; that I, however, had tranimtted them by a Messenger to my Court, and reserved to myself the Right of communicating any Objections or Remarks which I might receive by the Return of my Messenger, relative to them.

M. le Tourneur, to whom, as President of the Commission, I addressed myself, replied, that they had taken precisely the same Steps as myself; that they considered the full Powers I had given in, as in due Form, and sufficient but that they alto reserved to them-

E selves

3° Novembrts. .1797.

selves the same Right, in regard to Instructions they might receive from the Directory on this Subject, as I had claimed in regard to my Court.

To this, of course, I assented.

On Saturday the 8th Instant, t gave in the Projet precisely as I had received it from your Lordship; a Copy of which,(A), as it is translated into , I

think it my Duty to inclose.

One of the French Plenipotentiaries proposed that some Time should be given them to take the Proposals I had made into Consideration, and begged of me merely for the Sake of Accuracy, and to help their Memory, that I would be good enough either to let M. Colchen put down on Paper, or myself fend them a Note containing the Words with which I willied the Articles left in Blank to be filled up. I readily, acquiesced in the latter Mode, and immediately on my Return sent them the inclosed Note (B).

On Sunday Evening I received the inclosed Note (C) from the French Plenipotentiaries, and in consequence of it went to the proposed Conference Yesterday.

One of the French Plenipotentiaries informed me on the Subject of the Projet I had given them, and the Note with which I had accompanied it, that as these Papers contain many Points on which their Instructions did not enable them to answer, they had, after having given them a very serious Attention, sent them, with i'uch Observations as they had thought it their Duty to make on them, to the DNeftory, and that the Moment they received an An fiver, they would communicate it to me. But that in the meanwhile, not to delay the Progress of the Negotiation, they wifined that l'everal Points which he termed insulated, but which, though not referred to in oilr Projet, were, he said, inseparably connected with the general Subject of Peace, might be difeufied and got rid of now if I had no Objection, and that it was with this View they had requested me to meet them. — On my not expressing any Diiappro-bation to this Mode of Proceeding, One of the French Plenipotentiaries began, by saying, that in the Preamble of the Treaty the Title of King of France was used; that this Title they contended could no longer be infilled on, the Abolition of it tvas in a Manner essential to the full Acknowledgment of the French Republic, and that as it was merely titular as far as related to His Majesty, but quite otherwise in the Sense in which it applied to them, he hoped it would not be considered as an important Concession.

I informed him, that on all former Occasions a separate Article had been agreed to, which appeared to me to answer every Purpose they required, and which it was my Intention, as the Treaty advanced, to have proposed, as proper to make Part of this. The Article (the Firit of the separate ones in the Treaty of 1783) was then read; but they objected to it, as not fully meeting their Views. It was to the Title itself, as well as to any Right which might be supposed to arise from it, that they objected. I could scarce allow myself to treat this Mode of Reafqcing seriously. I endeavoured to make them feel that it was cavilling for a mere W ord; that it was creating Difficulties where none eaided ? and that if all the French Monarchs in- the Course of Three Centuries had allowed this to Hand in the Preamble of all Treaties and Transactions between the Two Countries, I could not conceive, after its having been uled for l'o long a Period without any Claim or Pretension being set forth in consequence of it, how it could now afteft either the Dignity, Security, or Importance of the Republic — that in Fact such Titles have ever been considered as indefeafable, and as Memo- rials and Records oi former Greatness, and not as Pretentions to present Power — and I quoted the Titles of the Kings of Sardinia and &c. as Examples

exactly in Point. I argued however in vain. They treated it very gravely, and made so strong a Stand

upon it, that I could not avoid taking it for Reference, which I thought it better to do, than feeling as I did at the Moment, to pulh the Converlation further;

The Second insulated Point was a very material one indeed, and which, although it has been adverted to as a Proposal that might possibly be brought forward, I confess came upon me unexpectedly. — It was to alk either a Restitution of the Ships taken and destroyed at ‘Toulon, or an Equivalent for them: They grounded,

this Claim on the Preliminary Declaration made by Lord Hood on his taking Possession of Toulon; and on the Eighth Article of the Declaration of the Committee of the Seditions to him. They said, Peace they hoped was about to be re-established; that His Majesty, in acknowledging the Republic, admitted that a Sovereignty existed in the French Government $ and of Course that the Ships, held only as a Deposit by England till this legal Authority was admitted, ought now to be restored. I replied that this Claim was lb perfectly unlooked for, that it. was impossible for me to have been provided for it in my Instructions, and that I could therefore only convey my own private Sentiments on it, which were, that they could not have devised a Step more likely to defeat the great End of our Million. One of the French Plenipotentiaries said, that he sincerely hoped not; that without a Restitution of the Ships an Equivalent might be found to effect the Purpose desired, since their great Object was, that something should appear to prove that tins just Demand had not been overlooked by them, and was not left unfinished by us. I told him fairly, I did not fee where this Equivalent was to be found, or how it could be appreciated; and that considering the great Advantages France1 had already obtained by the War, and those Ihe was likely to obtain from the Act of Condescension I had already intimated His Majesty was disposed to make in order to restore Peace, I was much iurprized, and deeply concerned at what I heard. I trusted, therefore, that this very inadmissible Proposal would be withdrawn. They said it w:as not in their Power; and One of them, from a written Paper before him, which he said were his Instructions, read to me Words to the Effect I have already stated.

Their Third Question was as to any Mortgage we might have upon the Low Countries, in consequence of Money lent to the Emperor by Great Britain — They wished to know if any such existed, since as they had taken the Low Countries charged with all their Incumbrances, they were to declare that they should not consider thdmfejves bound to answer any Mortgage given for Money lent to the Emperor, for the Purpose of carrying on War against them.

I told them, that without replying to this Question, supposing the same to exist, the Exception they required should have been stated in their Treaty with the Emperor, and could not at all be mixed up in ours; that if they had taken the Low Countries as they stood charged with all their Incumbrances, there could be no Doubt what thele Words meant, and that if no Exception was stated in the First Instance, none could be made with a retro-active Effect.

The French Plenipotentiaries, however, were as tenacious on this Point as on the other Two; and as I found to every Argument I used that they constantly opposed their Instructions, I had nothing to do but to desire that they would give me a written Paper Hating their Three Claims, in order that I might immediately transmit it to your Lordship; and on this being promised, our Conference broke up.

Between Four and Five P.M. Yesterday, I received the enclosed Note (D), and I have loft no Time since it is in my Possession in preparing to fend away a Messenger, as independent of the disagreeable Subjects brought forward in this last Conference, and which it is material should be communicated without. Delay, I am anxious ‘His Majesty should be informed of what

38 Geo. III.

3° Novembris.

has passed in general up to this Day, as it may perhaps furnish some Ideas as to the possible Event of the Negotiation.

N® 13.

(A.)

TRANSLATION of the Projet delivered by Lord Malmesbury to the French Plenipotentiaries; 8th i 97 *

' Projet of a Treaty of Peace.

Be it known to all those whom it shall or may in any Manner concern. The most Serene and moll Potent Prince George the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Duke of

t vick and Lunenburgh, Arch Treasurer and Elector of

the Holy Rowan Empire, and the Executive Directory of the French Republic, being equally desirous to put an End to the War/which has for some Time pall sub- . filled between the Dominions of the Two Parties, have named and conllituted for their Plenipotentiaries, charged with the concluding and signing of the Defini- ' tive Treaty of Peace; viz the King of Great;

the Lord Baron of Malmesbury, a Peer o f the Kingdom of Great Britain, Knight of the Moll Honourable Order of the Bath, Privy Councillor to His Britannick Majesty, and the Executive Directory of the French Republic;

who, after having exchanged their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles;

l.

As (bon as this Treaty shall be signecl and ratified, there shall be an universal and perpetual Peace as well by Sea as by Land, and a sincere and conllant Friend-ship between the Two contracting Parties, and their Dominions, and Territories, and People, without Exception of either Places or Persons; so that the High Contracting Parties shall give the greatest Attention to the maintaining between themselves and their laid Dominions, Territories, and People, this reciprocal Friend-ship and Intercourse, without permitting hereafter, on either Part, any Kind of Hostilities to be committed either by Sea or by Land; for any Cause, or under any Pretence whatsoever. There shall be a general Oblivion and Amnesty of every Thing which may have been done or committed by either Party towards the other before or since the Commencement of the War; and they shall carefully avoid for the future every Thing which might prejudice the Union happily re-established.

Immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty, Orders shall be sent to the Armies and Squadrons of both Parties to Hop all Hollilities, and for the Execution of this Article, Sea Paries shall be given on each Side to the Ships dispatched to carry the News of Peace to the Possessions of the Two Parties.

H.

The Treaties of Peace of Nimeguen of 1678 and 1679, of Ryswick of 1697, and of of 1713; that of

Baden of 1714; that of the Triple Alliance of the Hague of 1717; that of the Quadruple Alliance of London of 1718; the Treaty of Peace of Vienna of 1736; the Definitive Treaty of Aix of 1748; the

Definitive Treaty of Paris of 1763; and that of Ver-

Jailles of 1783, serve as a Balls and Foundation to the Peace and to the present Treaty. And for this Purpose they are all renewed and confirmed in the bell Form, so that they are to be exactly observed for the future in their full Tenour, and religiously executed by both Parties in all the Points which shall not be derogated from by the present Treaty of Peace.

m.

All the Prisoners taken on either Side, as well by Land as by Sea, and the Hollages carried away or given during the War, shall be rellored; without Ransom, in

Vol. 53.

Six Weeks at latell, to be computed from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

— Each Party respectively discharging the Advances which shall have been made for the Subsistence and Maintenance of their Prisoners in the Country where they shall have been detained, according to tire Receipts, attested Accounts, and other authentic Vouchers, which shall be furnished on each Side; and Security shall be reciprocally given for the Payment of the Debts which the Prisoners may have contrabled in the Countries where they may have been detained, until their entire Release.

IV.

With respect to the Rights of Fishery on the Coasts of the island of Newfoundland, and of the Islands adjacent, and in the Gulph of Saint , the Two

Parties shall return to the same Situation in which they , Hood respectively, according to the Treaties and Engagements fubfifiring at the Period of the Commencement of the War. And with this View, His Majesty consents to restore to France, in full Right, the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon.

V.

The same Principle of the State of PolTclIlon before the War, is adopted by mutual Consent, writh respect to all other Possessions and Rights on both Sides, in every Part of the World; save only the Exceptions which are firipulated by the subsequent Articles of this Treaty. And, to this Intent, all Pollessions or Territories which have or may have been conquered by One of the Parties from the other (and not specially excepted in this Treaty) shall be rellored to the Party to whom they belonged at the Commencement of the present War.

..... VL

From this Pririciple of mutual Restitution, the Two

Parties have agreed to except

which shall remain to His Britannick Majesty, in full Sovereignty.

VII.

In all the Cafes of Restitution provided by the present Treaty, the Fortreries shall be rellored in the same Condition in which they now are, and no Injur)' shall ‘be done to any W"orks that have beenconftrudted since the Conquell of them.

VIII.

It isalfo agreed, that in every same of Restitution or Cession provided by any of the Articles of this Treaty, the Term of Three Years from the Date of the Notification of the Treaty, in the respectiveTerritory or Place restored or ceded, shall be allowed tb Persons of whatever Description, residing or being in the said Territory or Place, possessed of Property therein under any Title existing before the War, or which has since devolved to them by the Laws then existing; during which Term ot Three Years they shall remain and reside unmolested in the Exercise of their Religion, and in the Enjoyment of their Possessions and Effects, upon the Conditions and Titles under which they so acquired the fame, without being liable in any Manner, or under any Pretence, to be prosecuted orfued for their pall Conduct, except as to the Discharge of just Debts to Individuals; and that all those who, within the Timo of Months

after the Notification of this Treaty, shall declare to the Government, then established, their Intention to withdraw themselves, or their Effects, and to remove to some other Place, shall have and obtain within One Month after such Declaration full Liberty to depart and to remove their Effects, or to fell and dispolc of the fame, whether moveable or immoveable, at any Time within the said Period of Three Years, without any Re-llraint or Hindrance, except on Account of Debts at any Time corttrabted, or of any criminal Prosecution for Acts done subsequent to the Notification of thisTreaty.

1 IX. As

16 30 Novembris. 1797.

lx.

As it is necessary to appoint a certain Period for the Restitutions herein-before Aipulated, it is agreed, that the same shall take place in Europe within (One Month) in Africa and America within (Three Months) and in Asia within (Six Months) after the Ratification of the present Treaty.

X.

For preventing the Revival of the Law Suits which have been ended in the Territories to be restored by virtue of this Treaty, it is agreed that the Judgments in private Causes pronounced in the last Resort, and which have acquired the Force of Matters determined, shall be confirmed and executed according to their Form and Tenour.

XI.

The Decision of the Prizes and Seizures of Ships and their Cargoes taken at Sea or seized in the Ports of either Country, prior to the Hostilities, shall be referred to the respective Courts of Justice; so that the Legality of the said Prizes and Seizures shall be decided according to the Law of Nations, and to Treaties, in the Courts of Justice of the Nation which shall have made the Capture, or ordered the Seizures. And in order to prevent all Causes of Complaint and Dispute which may arise on account of Prizes which may be made at Sea after the signing of this Treaty, it is reciprocally agreed that the Vessels and Effects which may be taken in the British Channel and in the North Seas, after the Space of Twelve Days, to be computed from the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty, shall be restored on each Side: — That the Term shall be One Month from the British Channel and the North Seas, as far as the Canary Islands inclusively, whether in the Ocean or in the Mediterranean: — Two Months from the said Canary Islands, as far as the Equinoctial Line or Equator: — Three Months from the Equator to any Part to the Westward of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Eastward of Cape Horn: — And, lastly. Five Months in all other Parts of the World, without any Exception or any more particular Description of Time or Place.

XU.

The Allies of the Two Parties, that is to say, Her Most Faithful Majesty as Ally of His Britannick Majesty, and His Catholic Majesty and the Batavian Republic as Allies of the French Republic, shall be invited by the Two Contracting Parties to accede to this Peace on the Terms and Conditions specified in the Three following Articles; the Execution of which the said Two Contracting Parties reciprocally guarantee to each other, being thereto respectively authorized by their above-mentioned. Allies: — And the Two Contracting Parties further agree, that if their Allies respectively shall not have so acceded within the Space of Two Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of this Treaty, the Party so refusing to accede, shall not receive from its Ally any Aid or Succour of any Nature during the further Continuance of the War.

xm.

His Britannick Majesty engages to conclude a Definitive Peace with His Catholic Majesty on the Footing of the State of Possession before the War, with the Exception of

which shall remain in full Sovereignty to His Britannick Majesty.

XIV.

His Britannick Majesty in like Manner engages to conclude a Definitive Peace with the Batavian Republic on the same Footing of the State of Possession before the War, with the Exception of

which shall.

remain to His Britannick Majesty in full Sovereignty, and of

which shall be ceded to His Majesty in Exchange

for

In Consideration of these Restitutions, to be hereby made by His Britannick Majesty, all Property belonging to the Prince of Orange, in the Month of 1794, and which has been seized and confiscated since that Period, shall be restored to him, or a full Equivalent in Money given him for the fame. And the French Republic further engages to procure for him, at the general Peace, an adequate Compensation for the Loss of his Offices and Dignities in the United Provinces; and the Persons who have been imprisoned or banished, or whose Property has been sequestered or confiscated in the said Republic, on Account of their Attachment to the Interests of the House of Orange, or to the former Government of the United Provinces, shall be released, and shall be at Liberty to return to their Country, and to reside therein, and to enjoy their Property there, conforming themselves to the Laws and Constitution there established.

XV.

The French Republic engages to conclude a Definitive Peace with Here Most Faithful Majesty on the same Footing, of the State of Possession before the War, and without any further Demand or burthenlbme Condition being made on either Side.

XVI.

All the Stipulations contained in this Treaty, respecting the Time and Manner of making the Restitutions therein mentioned, and all the Privileges thereby reserved to the Inhabitants or Proprietors in the Islands or Territories restored or ceded, shall apply in like Manner to the Restitutions to be made by virtue of any of the Three last Articles, viz. the Xlllth, XIVth, and XVth, except in those Instances where the same may be derogated from by the mutual Consent of the Parties concerned.

XVII.

All foi'mer Treaties of Peace between the respective Parties, to whom the said Three Articles relate, and which subsisted and tverein force at the Commencement of Hostilities between them respectively, shall be renewed, except in such Instances only where the same may be derogated from by mutual Consent; and the Articles of this Treaty for the Restoration of Prisoners, the Cessation of Hostilities, and the Decision relative to Prizes and Seizures, shall equally apply to the respective Parties to whom the said Three Articles relate, and shall be held to be in full force between them, as soon as they shall respectively and in due Form have acceded to this Treaty.

XVIII.

All Sequestrations imposed by any of the Parties' named in this Treat)', on the Rights, Properties, or Debts, of Individuals belonging to any other of the said Parties, shall be taken oft', and the Property of whatever Kind shall be restored in the fullcft Manner to the lawful Owner; or just Compensation be made for it: And all Complaints of Injury done to private Property, contrary to the usual Practice and Rifles of War, and all Claims of private Rights or Property which belonged to Individuals at the Periods of the Commencement of Hostilities respectively, between the said Parties, viz. Great Britain and Portugal on the one Side, and France, Spain, and Holland, on the other; and which ought, according to the usual Practice and Laws of Nations, to revive at the Period of Peace, shall be received, heard, and decided, in the respective Courts of Justice of the different Parties; and full Justice therein shall be done by each of the said Parties to the Subjects and People of the other, in the same Manner as to their own Subject s or People.

And if any Complaints should arise respecting the Execution of this Article, which Complaints shall not be settled by mutual Agreement between the respective Governments within Twelve Months after the same shall have been preferred to them, the same shall be determined by lworn Commissioners to be appointed on each Side, with Povyer to call in an Arbitrator of

any

28 Geo. III.

3® Novembris.

17

any indifferent Nation i and the Deciflon of the said depend on him, to bring the Negotiation to a happy Commissioners shall be binding, and without Appeal. Issue j and requests of them, at the same Time, to ac *

cept the Affurantfcs of his high Consideration.

XIX.

His Britannick Majesty and the French Republic pror mile to observe sincerely, and bond all the Articles contained and established in the present Treaty; and they will not suffer the same to be infringed, directly or indirectly, by their respective Subjects; and the said Contracting Parties guarantee to each other, generally and reciprocally, all the Stipulations of the present Treaty.

XX.

The solemn Ratifications of the present Treaty, pre-

Lijle, July8, 1797.

(Signed)

N®

Malmesbury.

5‘

(C.)

TRANSLATION of a Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmesbury i dated Lijle, ai MeJJidor, 5th Year.

The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic

i , r< n 11 1 l jluu tnuiuLus i tuiuuuitmuu y ui tuu xwrcnin ncpuuiiv

pared in good and due Form, OraU be exchanged m hav<_ (he Notfwhich t'he Minister

- - - - between the Contriving tiary of His Brilamitk Majesty did them the Honour of

addrelfiftg to them Yesterday. They will give to it, as well as to the Project of a Treaty to which it relates, the

Parties, in the Space of a Month, or sooner if possible, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the prefect Treaty.

In Witness whereof, &c.

moll serious Attention. In the mean Time, though they are not yet enabled to communicate to Lord Malmesbury the Remarks to which these two Papers appear to them liable, they think it their Duty to propose to him a Conference Tomorrow, at One o'Clock, if that Hour is agreeable to him, in order to treat with him on distinct Points, the Discussion of which may be entered upon separately, and which may be proceeded in without Delay.

The Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty fuZ rJs o rifeir hhdf aCCC t

has the Honour of pScnting to the Miniftm Plemoo- fura"c" the,r U8h Considerat'0"'

No. 14.

(B.)

Translation of > Note Rom Lord

Malmesbury, to the French Plenipotentiaries; dated Lijle, July 8th, 1797.

tentiary of the French Republic, in consequence of the Wilh expressed by them in the Conference of this Morning, the following Note: Which he requests them at the same Time to consider, not so much in the Light of an official Paper as of a verbal and confidential Communication, and as a Proof of his Readiness to facilitate the Progress of the Negotiation, by giving them, on the very Outlet, all the Explanations in his Power on the Projet of the Treaty which he has delivered to them.

If, as the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic have allured him, it is contrary to their most positive Instructions to enter into any Discussion relative to the Cession of those Possessions which belonged to France before the War, it is useless to dwell on the Sixth Article: Since the Compensations which Hi9

(Signed)

Lijle, it Mtffi

jth Year of the Republic , (J ly9th 797 )

Le Tourneur. PlevUle Le Pelley. Hugues B. Maret.

Colchen, Sec. Gen. the Legation.

of

N 16.

(D.)

Translation

of a Note from thee

French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmesbury i dated , il 5th Year.

, The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the Republic

Britannick Majesty might have demanded by that Arti- ]0fe no Time in complying with the Wilh expressed to cle, in return for the Restitutions which He is disposed them by the Minister Plenipotentiary of His to make for the Re-establishment of Peace, mull, in Majesty, by transmitting to him a Note on the Three consequence of this Declaration, be fought for in the Poihts which were the Subject of their Conference of Cessions to be made by His Catholic Majesty, and the this Day.

Batavian Republic. , # 1. They have positive Orders to require the Renun-

Lord Malmesbury therefore proposes to insert in the ciation of the Title of King of France borne by His , Thirteenth Article, after the Words Status ante Bellum, Britanuick Majesty. the following Words: " With the Exception of the' Lord Malmesbury is requested to observe that the Island of Trinidad, which shall remain in full Pof- Question is not only of a Renunciation of the Rights fession to His Britannick Majesty." which might be pretended to be derived from this

Lord Malmesbury imagines that it is unneceffnfy for Title, but further and formally of the Title itself. The him to repeat the Keafons which induce him to infill Establishment of the Republic, and the Ac-

upon the retaining of this Conquest, unless Cotfipenfa- knowledgement of this Form of Government by the tion should be made for it by some other Cession which King of England, will nert allow of His retaining a shall balance the Augmentation of Power accruing to Title which would imply the Existence in France of an France, from the Acqujfition of the Spanijk Part of Order of Things which is at an End.

St. Domingo. The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the Republic

With regard to the Fourteenth Article, Lord Mahnef-are ordered to demand the Rellitution of the Vessels

bury pro poles, that after the Words Status ante Bellum, taken or destroyed at Toulon.

should be added, " With the Exception of the Town, Fort, and Establishment of the Cape of Good Hopet and of the Pollessions which belonged to the Dutch

Great Britain has publicly and formally declared that these Vessels. were taken in Trull for the King of w France. This Trull is sacred. It incontestably belongs

before the War in the Wand of Ceylon, and of the to the Republic, which exercises the Rights and the ® Town and Fort of Cochin, which shall be ceded to Sovereignty that Great Britain attributed to Louis XVII. " His Britannick Majesty in Exchange for the Town of at the Period of the Capture of Toulon. His Britannick 4t Negapatnam and its Dependencies." Majesty cannot, therefore, in acknowledging the French

Lore! Malmesbury repeats to the Ministers Plenipoten- Republic, deny its Right to the Rellitution required, or tiary of the French Republic the AflTurance of his Read: refuse either to make the Rellitution, or to offer an aefs to concur with them, ta every Thing which shall Equivalent for it.

Vot . 53. F 3. The

18 3° Novmbri 1797 *

3. The Ministers Plenipotentiary have Orders to demand, and do demand, the Renunciation, on the Part of His Britannick Majesty, of the Mortgage on

Belgium,

That Country was mortgaged for the Loans made by the Emperor in England. It has become an integral Part of the French Republic, and cannot remain burthened with l'uch a Mortgage.

The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic request Lord Ffalmtfbvry to accept the Assurance of their high Consideration.

(Signed) Le Tourneur.

Plevil/e Le ,.

' Lisle, a a Mejfidor,

5th Year of the Republic,

(July, 10th, 1797.)

Coif hen, Sec. Gen. of

the Legation.

N 17.

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord ville to Lord Malrnesbury;, dated Downing Street, 13 th July 1797 *

With respect to the Demands contained in the Note transmitted-to your Lordship by the French Ministers, they have been naturally received here with great Surprize. On the Subject of the Netherlands as connected with the Austrian Loans, it is conceived that any Ex-

planation between His Majesty and the French Government is wholly unnecessary. The Loans raised in England for the Service of the Emperor of , and

?jaranteed by Act of Parliament here, rest, as your ordship will perceive, by the annexed Copy of the Convention on that Subject, upon the Security of all the Revenues of all the hereditary Dominions of his Imperial Majesty. They do not seem in any Manner to come under the Description contained in the Sixth Article of the Preliminaries between Austria and , respecting Mortgages upon the Soil of the,

on which Ground alone France could have any Pretence to interfere in the Business. Nor is this Subject one which appears to be in any Manner a fit Point of Dif-cuflion between His Majesty and the Republic; the; King neither forms nor has any Intention of forming any Demand on the French Government for the Payment of any Part either of the Interest or Capital of those Loans. It is to the Emperor alone that His Majesty looks for the Performance of His Imperial Majesty's Engagements to Him> and it is upon the Austrian Government, and upon its Revenues, that Individuals concerned in those Loans have Claims of private Right, and Means of Personal Demand secured to them by the Convention,'

' On the other Two Points I have nothing to add to the Observatio'ns which your Lordship has already made upon them: And we can therefore only wait with Impatience for the Answer to the Projet delivered by your Lordship, which will enable us to form a Judgment on the Intentions of the Government with whom we are treating,

N 18.

EXT K A CT of a Dispatch from Lord Malmef-bury to Lord Grenville, dated LJle, 16 th July

It was at the express Invitation of the French Plen.i-

!)otentiarics that I met them on Thursday the 13th Infant j One of them stated their Motive for wishing to confer with me, not to be in consequence of any Answer

they had received from Paris on the Subject of the Pro-jet, which he observed could not be expected lo soon, but to resume the Discussion on the Article which he had objected to on my first reading the Projet, and on which they conceived it was possible and even expedient to argue before we entered on the more important Branches of the Negotiation, It was Article II. that he referred to He objected to the Renewal of the Treaties therein mentioned from various Reasons; First, That many, and even most of them were irrelevant to that we were now negotiating; Secondly, That they were in Contradiction to the new Order of Things established in France, as they seem to imply an Acknowledgement

that a Portion of the Regal Authority is still existing; Thirdly, That they might be supposed to apply to Conventions and Stipulations, in direct Contradiction, to their present Form of Government, and he quoted the Convention of Pilnitz in particular I was about to reply to l»im, and I trust in a Way that would have done away his Apprehensions on this Point, when another of them interposed by saying. That their sincere and only Desire was that the Treaty we were now entering upon might be so framed, as to secure permanently the Object for which it was intended $ that no Article likely to produce this End might be omitted, nor any doubtful one inserted; but that the Whole, as well with regard to the part as to the future, might be so clearly and distinctly expressed, that no Room for Cavil might be left. This he allured-' me,'in the Name of his Col-, leagues, was all that was meant by their Objection to renew so many Treaties in which such various Interests were blended, and so many Points difeuffed foreign to the present Moment. Their renewing them in a Lump, and without examining carefully to what we were pledged by them, might involve us in Difficulties much better to be avoided. I replied, that I admitted most Certainly all he said, and that it was with this View and on this Principle solely that the' Renewal of these' Treaties was proposed by His Majesty; and that if he recollected (as he undoubtedly did) the different Wars which were terminated by these Treaties, and the many important Regulations stipulated by them, he would admit, that the allowing them to remain in their full Force was simply an Acknowledgement of the Tenure by which almost all the Sovereigns of Europe, and particularly the French Republic, held their Dominion up to this Day. That these Treaties were become the Law of-Nations, and that infinite Confusion would result' from their.not being renewed: *

He; replied,5 that ourObject was evidently the same \ that we only differed as to' the Manner I thought the renewing these Treaties in toto would the best contribute to it; -while they were inclined to think, thqt extracting from them every1 Thing'which immediately related to the Interests of the1 Two Countries, and stating it in One Article, was more likely to attain this desirable Object. The French Minister again repeated, that their First Wish was, that the Treaty we were now making should be clear, distinct, solid, and lasting, and such a one as could not, at any future Period, be broken, through without a manifest Violation of good Faith, And I again repeated, that nothing could be so confo-‘ nant to my. Orders, or the Intentions of my Royal; Matter.

C One of the French Plenipotentiaries was disposed to

dwell on his Objections, which were, that these Treaties. \vere signed when France -was a Monarchy »and that any. RetrofpeCbto those Times irriplied a Sort of Censure oq. their present Form of Government; but this was ar-r, guing oh such weak Ground and f6 incapable of being, leriously maintained, that I, to avoid superfluous Con-. tradiClion, was very.willing to let it pass unnoticed. Aftey a good deal of very conciliatory, and even amicablq Difcuffioni, in which, however, neither Party gave much Way to the other, it was proposed by them that wq should return Horae,- to meet again to loon to was con-' k - venien|

38 Geo. III. 3° Novembrl$\ 19

Venient after an attentive and deliberate Perusal of these Treaties, in order to state respeiUvely our Ideas on this Subject, I observed, that although I was perfectly prepared to do it at the Moment, and felt almost bold enough to affirm, that no Measure could be devised Which would so completely meet our Intentions as an linreferved Renewal of the Treaties they hesitated about, pet I was very willing to acquiesce in their Proposal, With this simple Observation, that if any Delay arose from it, such Delay was imputable to them and not to hie; My Words were, " Je ne me rends pas responiable il des Longueurs dans leiquelles cette Difcuffionpour-rait nous entrainer." The French Minister's Answer was " Si des Longueurs servent a determiner des Objects ' qui pourraient donner lieu a des Quercllesa l'avenir, ce fera du Terns bien employe." It was not my With so contest this Alfertion, and our Conference ended With it,

N° 19.

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord Malmesbury to Lord; dated Life,

16th July, 1797.

My Lord,

Yesterday at the Moment I was preparing to attend the Conference, in which wc were to enter into fuller Discussions on the litigated Subject of the Renewal of

the Treaties; mentioned in the Second Article of the Rrcjet, I received from the;French Legation the enclosed Paper (A).. In about an Hour I returned the fenclosed Answer (B), to which I received the enclosed Reply (C); and I am this Moment come from the Conference which has taken place in cohfequerice of it.

I began by saying, that I had solicited this Interview from the same Motive which would adluate every Part of my Conduct; that I wished to make my Reports fiot only correct but conciliatory as far as depended on file, and I now was come in order, if possible, to obtain from them such Comments and Explanations on the Note they sent to me Yesterday, as would enable me, when I transmitted it to my Court, to secure the Negotiation from being interrupted, perhaps abruptly terminated, by the Perusal of it. If I understood it fight, it meant that the Directory requires as a fine qua non Preliminary, that every Thing the King has Conquered from all and each of His Enemies should be feftored, and that till, this Restoration ,was consented to the Negotiation was not even to begin. I said, if I Was correct in this Statement, and the plain Sense of the Declaration would bear no other Interpretation, I fnuft add that it would not only most certainly prevent the Treaty from beginning, but would leave no Room for treating at all, since it deprived His Majesty of ever)' Means of Negotiation; for I could not suppose that it was in their Thoughts to intimate that the Principle of the Treaty, as far as it related to His Majesty,

Was to be one of all Cellion and no Compensation, arid, yet that was precisely the Postion in which His Majesty Was placed by their Note.

One of the French Plenipotentiaries, who had let me proceed rather reluctantly, here stopt me, and said, that he and his Colleagues were exceedingly happy that 1 had expressed a Wilh to fee them before I dispatched jny Mellenger; that they wished to allure me, that they lud thought it dealing fairly and honourably to state what they had received from the Directory in the very Words in which it carqe to them; that they should "be lorry if the Declaration they had been directed to snake me, should be of a Nature to interrupt, much lei's to break off, the Negotiation; that it was the fin-tere Wish of the Directory that the Negotiation should proceed and end successfully; and that, far from (hutting the Door to further Discussions, they Were perfectly ready to heat any CrdpofalS we had to make, and Vox.. 53.

only wished that these Proposals should be, if possible, such as Were compatible with their most sacred Engagements. I repeated what I had foid> that no Door was left open if His Majesty was in limine to restore every Thing; and that a Peace on these Conditions would not be heard of by the Country. I observed, that immediately on leaving them, I should dispatch a Messenger; but what that Messenger carried would most materially affeift the Progress and Issue of the Negotiation; -I therefore desired to know whether, in cori-sequence of what I had heard from them, I might con-. fider the strict and literal Meaning of the Declaration not to be a decided Negative (which it certainly seemed to imply) on all Compensation whatever to be made to His Majesty, but that Proposals tending to this Effect would still be listened to One of them answered, " certainly, and if they should be found such as it will be impossible for us to admit, we will on our Side bring forward others for your Court to deliberate " on." Under this Assurance, which at least, to a certain Degree, qualifies the Declaration of Yesterday, I broke up the Conference,

TRANSLATION of a Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord; dated

Life, 27th Mejidor,5th Year.

The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic have transmitted to their Government the Project of the Treaty, and the Note relating thereto, which were delivered to them the 20th of the preterit Month, by the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britatmick Majesty- '

They have just received fresh Communications and Orders, which require that they should make the follow'ing Declaration to Lord M.

There exist in the Public and Secret Treaties, by which the French Republic is bound to its Allies, Spain and the Batavian Republic, Articles by which the Three Powers respectively guarantee the Territories possessed by each of them before the War.

The French Government, unable to detach itself from the Engagements which it has contracted by these Treaties, establishes, as an indispensable Preliminary of the Negotiation for the Peace with , the

Consent of His Britatmick Majesty to the Restitution of

all the Possessions which He occupies, not only from the French Republic, but further and formally of tfiofe of Spain and the Batavian Republic.

In consequence, the Undersigned Ministers Plenipotentiary request Lord Malmesbury to explain himself with regard to this Restitution, and to consent to it, if he is sufficiently authorized to do so; if not, and in the contrary Cafe, to fend a Messenger to his Court, in order to procure the necessary Powers,

The Object of the Conference which was to have taken place to Day being necessarily delayed by the Purport of the above-mentioned Declaration, the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the Republic have to express to Lord Malmesbury the Regret that they feel in losing this Opportunity of converting together, which they had themselves solicited: But in case Lord Malmejbuty should have any Communication to make to them, they beg him to believe that they will always be happy to receive him, and to listen to him, whenever he may think it proper,

They request him, at the same Time, to accept anew the Assurances of, their high Consideration.

(Signed) Le Tourneur.

Pleville Le Pelley,

Life, 27 Mejfdor, B. Maret.

5th Year of the Republic, Cole hen. Sec. Geh, of

{July 15th, 1797.) the Legation,

20 3 Novetribris.1797.

N 21.

(B.)

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmejbury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated Lijle, 15th July 1797.

The Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britamiick Majesty has given the most serious Attention to the Note dated this Morning, which he has received from the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic.

He has no Hesitation in declaring to them, that his Instructions by no means authorize him to admit, as a Preliminary Principle, that which their Declaration lecms intended to establish:. Nevertheless, being persuaded that it is his first Duty not to give up the Hopes of Conciliation until he shall have exhausted every Means of obtaining it, and being anxious to avoid, in the Report which he shall have to make to his Court, the Possibility of Misunderstanding on a Subject of such Importance, he proposes to them a Conference for Tomorrow, at the Hour most convenient to them, after which it is his Intention to diipatch a Messenger to his Court.

He requests the Ministers Plenipotentiary of th Republic to accept the Assurance of his high Consideration.

(Signed) Malmejbury.

Lijle, 15th July 1797.

N# 22.

(C.)

TR A NS L AT ION of a Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malme/bury; dated Lijle, 27 Mejfidor, 5th Year.

The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic lose no Time in acceding to the Desire expressed by the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty, of conferring with them on the Subject of the Note which they addressed to him this Day.

They have in consequence the Honour of proposing to him to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eleven o'clock, at the usual Place of Conference.

They request him to accept the Assurances of their high Consideration.

(Signed) Le Tourneur.

Le Pelley.

B. Maret.

Lijle, the 27 th Mejfidor,

5th Year of the Republic, Colchen,

One and Indivisible. Sec. Gen. of the Legation.

(July 15th, 1797.)

N 23.

COPY of a Diipatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmejbury, dated Downing , 20th July 1797.

My Lord,

Your Lord ship's Dispatches by the Messenger Dresstns, were received here on the 17th Instant, at Night, and I loft no Time in receiving His Majesty's Commands on the very important Subject of your Letter, N 9.

I am much concerned to be under the Necessity of remarking, that the Claim brought forward in the Note transmitted toyour Lordship by the French Plenipotentiaries, is initself so extravagant, and so little to be reconciled either with the former Professions of those Ministers, or with their Conduct in the previous Stages of the Negotiation, that it affords the strongest Preemp-

tion of a Determination to preclude all Means of Accommodation. If such is really the Determination of the Directory, nothing can remain for this Country, but to persevere in opposing, with an Energy and Spirit proportioned to the Exigency, a System which must tend to perpetuate a State of War and Civil Tumult in every Part of Europe.

The natural Step upon the present Occasion would therefore have been to direct your Lordship to terminate at once a Negotiation, which, on the Footing now proposed by the Enemy, affords neither the Hope nor the Means of any favourable Concludon. Nothing being left for Treaty, where, as a-Preliminary Step, one Party is required to concede every Thing, and all Compensation from the other is absolutely and at once precluded. His Majesty's Servants have, however, observed, that in the Concluhon of your Lordship's Conference with the French Plenipotentiaries on the Subject of the Note in Question, the Prehdent of that Million informed your Lordship, that it was not intended to refill all Compensation for the immense Extent of llestitution demanded from His Majesty, and for the other obvious Circumstances of Diladvantage to this Country in the Situation of Europe, as resulting from the War and even added, that he and his Colleagues would eventually bring forward Proposals on this Head for the Deliberation of the King's Government. It appeared possible that some Advantage might perhaps arise to the great Object of Peace/ from grounding on this Declaration a further Proceeding, such as might afford to the Directory (if they are so disposed)the Means of replacing the Negotiation on a more practicable Footing. With the View therefore of leaving nothing untried which can contribute to restore Peace on any suitable Terms, His Majesty has been pleased to direct that your Lordship should for that Purpose ask another Conference with the French Plenipotentiaries. In this Conference your Lordship will remark in such Terms as the Occasion must naturally suggest to you upon the indefenlible Spirit and Tendency of the Demand now made by France. You will observe that France, treating in Conjunction with her Allies, and, in their Name, cannot with any Pretence of Justice and Fairness, oppose her Treaties with them as an Obstacle in the Way of any reasonable Proposal of Peace in which they are to be included. In a separate Negotiation, to which they were not Parties, such a Plea might, perhaps/ have been urged; but in that case France would have been bound to offer, from her own Means, that Compenfa-tion which fbe did not think herself at Liberty to engage to obtain from her Allies. And such was, in Fact, as your Lordship must remember, the Principle on which His Majesty offered to treat last Year, when He was really bound, by Engagements to Austria, similar to those which are now alledged by France. But it never can be allowed that , and Holland,

negotiating jointly for a Peace with Great Britain, can set up, as a Bar to our just Demands, the Treaties between themselves, from which they are at once able to release each other whenever they think fit.

You will further remark, that even if, contrary to all Reason, such a Principle could for a Moment have been admitted on our Part, still evert that Principle, inadmissible as it is, could only apply to public Treaties, known to those who agreed to be governed by them, and not to secret Articles, unknown even to the french Plenipotentiaries, or concealed by One of them from the Knowledge of the others.

You will add in explicit, though not offendve Terms, that the Whole of this Pretence now set up by France is incontestably frivolous and illusory; being grounded on a Supposition of a State of Things directly contrary to that which is known really to exist. It being perfectly notorious that both Spain and Holland, so far from wish-

v

38 Geo. III.

to engage in it, greatly against their own Withes; and to undertake, without the Means of supporting it, a Contest in which they had nothing to gain, and every Thing to lose. It never therefore can be allowed to be a Question of any possible Doubt but that the Directory, if they really with it, must already have obtained, or could at any Moment obtain, the Consent of those Powers to such Terms of Peace as have been proposed by His Majesty. If, however, , from any Mo-

tive of Interest or Engagement, is in Truth desirous to procure for them the Restitution of Possessions which they were unable to defend, and have no Means to reconquer, the Project delivered by your Lordship afforded an Opening for this; those Articles having been so drawn as to leave it to France to provide a Compensation to His Majesty, either out of her own Colonies, or out of those of her Allies, respectively conquered by His Majesty's Arms. The Choice between these Alternatives may be left to the Directory; but to refuse both is, in other Words, to refuse all Compensation. This is nevertheless expressly declared not to be the Intention of those with whom you treat. It is therefore necessary that your Lordship should demand from them a Statement of the Proposals which, as they informed you, they have to make, in order to do away this apparent Contradiction, which the King's Servants are wholly unable to reconcile by any Suggestion of theirs, even if it were fitting and reasonable for them to bring forward any new Proposals immediately after the detailed Project which was delivered on the Part of this Country at the Outset of the Negotiation.

Since that Project is not acceded to, we have -evidently, and on every Ground, a Right to expe-ffc a Counter Project, equally full and explicit on the Part of the Enemy. You will therefore state to the French Ministers distinctly, that the only Hope of bringing this Business to a favourable Conclusion, is by their stating at once plainly, and without Reserve, the Whole of what they have to alk, instead of bringing forward separate Points one after the other, not only contrary to the avowed Principle of the Negotiation proposed by themselves, but as it appears, even contrary to the Expectation of the Ministers themselves who are employed on the Part of France.There can be no Pretence for

refilling a Compliance with this Demand, if the Plenipotentiaries of France are disposed to forward the Object of Peace; and the obtaining such a Statement from them is, as I have before stated to your Lordship, a Point of so much Importance, in any Course which this Negotiation may take, that it is the King's Plea-furethat your Lordship should use every possible Endeavour to prevent their eluding so just a Demand.

After what has passed it is,' I fear, very doubtful whether such a Counter Project would be framed on Principles such as could be admitted here; but it would at all Events place the Business on its real Issue, and bring distinctly into Question the several Points on which the Conclusion of Peace, or the Prolongation of War, will really depend.

I am, &c.

(Signed) Grenville, Right Honourable Lord Malm»

N° 24.

COPY of a Dispatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmesbury, dated Downing Street, 20th

July 1797.

My Lord,'

There are Two separate Points on which it is necessary for me to say a few Words to your Lordship, in Addition to the Instructions in my other Dispatch, on the General Subject of the Negotiation.

The First relates to the Assertion of one of the

VOL. 53.

at

French Ministers, that the Portuguese Ships and TroopS were at Toulon. The Fact is very immaterial as to any Conclusion that could be drawn from it, to affect the Situation or just Claims of the Court of be-

cause your Lordship well knows, that it is a Principle universally recognized in the Public Law of,

that when One of the Parties, in a Defensive Alliance furnishes to his Ally the stipulated Succours, those Succours remain entirely at the Disposal of the requiring Party to be employed wherever he shall judge proper, subject only to the Limitations of the Treaty which before existed; and if the Amount of those Succours is not encreased beyond that engaged for, nor the Means of using them extended by new Facilities, the Party furnishing the stipulated Assistance is not understood to violate the Laws of Neutrality.

But the Fact, in this Cafe, would not bear out the Assertion, even if the Argument to be drawn from it were more conclusive. The Troops of Her Most Faithful Majesty having been, as I apprehend, no otherwise employed than in the Two Campaigns carried on by Land, upon the Southern Part of the Frontiers of France and Spain.

The other Point relates to what was said to your Lordship about the Treaty of Pilnitz. If would certainly not require much Argument to prove that the Renewal of several Treaties enumerated by Name and Date and the latest of which was concluded in 1783, does not imply a Renewal of another Treaty supposed to be concluded in 1791. But what is more material to the present same is, that your Lordship should take this Opportunity to explain, in the most distinct and unequivocal Terms, that if any secret Treaty was in fact con- eluded at the Interview at Pilnitz, between the late Emperor and the King of Prussia (which is, to say the lead, very doubtful in Point of Fail) this at least is certain, that His Majesty was no Party, to such Treaty; and not only was not then included in it, but has never since adhered to it, nor even been apprised of its Con -tents. The public Declaration which was made at that Interview, shews on the Face of it that His Majesty was no Party to it; and it is, indeed, notorious that ft applied to Circumstances which were done away long be- fore the War broke out between Austria and France, and that the subsequent Negotiations for the Maintenance of Peace between those Powers turned on Points wholly distinct from those supposed to have been referred to in the pretended Treaty of Pilnitz.

This Explanation, however little connected with the present Negotiation, seems to be called for by the Allusion made to ydu upon the Subject; and, indeed, on a Point on which so much Misrepresentation has prevailed, it is useful not to omit the Opportunity of stating the Fadts as they really are.

I am. See,

(Signed) Grenville.

Right Honourable Lord Malmesbury.

N° 25.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Malmesbury to Lord Grenville, dated Lijle, 25th July

1797-

My Lord,

I have the Honour to acknowledge your Lordship's Dispatches, No. 19 and 20, of the 20th Instant, which were delivered to me on Saturday the 2 2d Instant, by the Messenger Major.

It was impoflib!e that the Claim brought forward in the Note inclosed in my N° 9, could have produced on your Lordship's Mind any Impression different from that which you describe, and I am happy to find that the Conduct I observed, when it was first delivered to me, was such as put it in my Power to execute with

Sreat

5° Novembr.

22 5° Novembris. 1797 *

great Consistency, the spirited Instructions your Lordship now fends me.

Immddiately on the Arrival of the Messenger, I proposed an Interview with the French Plenipotentiaries, and we met on Sunday the 23d, at One P. M;

I could not obey His Majesty's Orders in a Manner more likely to command Attention and to imprels those who heard me with a just Sense of the Mixture of Firmness and Moderation with which His Majesty >vas pleased to conduct this important Negotiation, than by employing not only the Substance, but as far as was practicable in Conversation, the Very Words of your Lordship's Dispatch, N 19} and if I should attempt to relate minutely what I myself said in this Conference, it would In Fait be little more than a Repetition of them;

I began by observing, that I was certain the French Plenipotentiaries hauft be fully prepared for what I flow had it in Command to say: I reminded them that I had taken upon me to affirm when we were last assembled, and immediately before I dispatched my Messenger, that the requiring such a Preliminary as that proposed in the Note, was putting an End at Once to all Negotiation, and that I was sure Peace on such Terms would not be heard of; that the Orders I Was then about to communicate to them would prove that I had not made this Assertion lightly, or in consequence of any hasty Opinion of my own, at the same Time that it would also appear that my Royal Master was as anxiously and as sincerely inclined to Jiften to all reasonable and admdffible Conditions, a6 He was determined to repel and reject all such as were of an opposite Description. I then, my Lord, took tip my Arguments on the precise Grounds set forth in your Lordship's N 19. 1 neither omitted any Thing,

npr inserted any Thing of my own, which could at all Alter its Spirit $ and 1 only varied from the Letter in-aftnuch as was necessary to make it applicable to a Conference.-

My First Objeift was to state, in as forcible a Way as-possible, the utter Inadmiflrbility of the Pretension set forth in the Note, the frivolous and illusory Reasons alledged for bringing it forward, and I observed that, if it was persevered in, it must lead to this necessary Conclusion, that there did exist when it wa6 framed an Intention on the Part of the Directory to break off the Negotiation in the Outset, My Second-Object in point of Reasoning, though a very primary One in point of Importance, was either to prevent the Negotiation breaking off at aH, or if this was not to be prevented to endeavour to be so clear and explicit in-my Language, and to draw the Line so distinctly between such Sacrifices as His Majesty might be inclined 'to make in order to restore so great a Blessing as Peace, and those to which the Dignity of His Crown and Interest of His Subjects would never allow him to attend, as to make it impossible that by any future Cavil or Subterfuge the Interruption of the Treaty, if unfortunately it should be interrupted, could be imputed to any other Cause than the exorbitant Demands of the French Government; and the better to inline this Purpose, I explained to them that His Majesty having already in a detailed Projet stated freely and fully His Conditions, and these Conditions having been at once rejected by a sweeping Claim on the Part of the French Government, it was not fitting or reasonable, neither could it be expected that any new Proposals should originate with His Majesty: And that on every Ground the King had a Right to txpedt a Contre-Projet from them, dialing at once plainly and without Reserve the Whole of what they had to ask, instead of bringing forward separale Points, one after another, directly contrary to the Principle on which we had agreed to begin the Negotiation, and which, from their being insulated, could only tend to protradl and impede its Progress.

On the First Point, on the Inadmiflibility of thd Preliminary Conditions as proposed by the French Government, One of the French Plenipotentiaries said, it was impossible for them to do more than to take it for Reference that the Instructions they had received when the Directory sent them the Note, were precise and positive, and that they had received none since. He therefore had on that Point limply to request of me, that I would state in Writing the l'everal Grounds on which His Majesty rejected this Proposition, in older that the Report transmitted by them to the Dire dtory might be correct; and he allured me, that if I did not think it proper to put in Writing all the Arguments I had ul'ed to them in the Conference, they would have no Scruple of employing those I omitted in such a Way as was the bell calculated to give them Weight, and to use the French Minister's own Expression, to place the Negotiation once more on its Legs.

In regard to the Second Point, he had no Helitation in agreeing with me, that the best Method, and indeed the only One, which could accelerate the Whole of the Business, was for them to give in a neither did he attempt to disprove our perfect Right to expect One from them before we made any new Pro-pol'als. But he laid, that it was not necessary for hirti to observe, that as long as they were bound by their lnstructions not to give Way on the Proposition I had now so decidedly rejected, that it was impossible for them to move a Step without new Orders from the Directory; that they would alk for these Orders immediately, and lose no Time in acquainting me when they were received.

i observed, that in our last Conference he had intimated to me they were empowered to come to some Explanation with me on the Subject of Compensationi to be made to HistMaJe % for the great Cefiions He was disposed to make; that, at the Time, I conceived these Explanations were of a Nature to qualify the wide Claim stated in the Note, and that if I had abstained from pressing him further at the Moment, it was from perceiving a Reluctance on their Part to bring them forward: — That, however, if they refalljr had such Propofak to make me, and if they were of a Nature to meet in Substance and Effect the Balls laid down in the Projet I had given, I should be well difi posed to listen to them.

One of the French Ministers, after foifie Hesitation.-and a Sort of silent Reference to One of his Colleagues, said he thought as Matters now stood, it would be much better to wait their Answer from Paris: — That k was a very important Period, a Crisis in the Negotiation, the Result of which probably would be conclusive as to its Fate, and fhat it Teemed to be of more Consequence to make this Result as conformable to what he hoped I was convinced were as much their Willies as mine, than to waste our Time in Discussions which were useless, not to say more, till this was ascertained.

I confined myself in my Reply to saying, I had na Object ion whatever to giving to the French Plenipotentiaries a Paper, stating the strong Motives on which His Majesty rejected the Proposition made in their' Note of the 15th; and that. as I, on my Part, had considered it a Duty to make my Reports as conciliatory as was confident with Truth and Correctness, so I heard with gTeat Pleasure the Assurances he gave me of their intending to observe the same Line of Con-dudl.

That as we seemed perfectly agreed as to the Propriety of their producing a Cont re-Projet, I had-nothing to say on that Point, except to express my most sincere Wilh that it would soon appear, and when it did appear, be such a one as would lead to ai speedy and satisfactory Conclusion of the Negotiation,

Right Honourable Lord Grenville,

38 Geo. III.

N# 26.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the French Plenipotentiaries} dated Lijle,24th July 1797.

23

N4 27:

LxTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord

bury to Lord Grenville; dated Sunday,

6th August, 1797.

30 NovembriSx

The Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty has transmitted to his Court the Note which was delivered to him the 15th of this Month, by the Mi-nillers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic; and having received the Orders of the King His Mafier, on this Subject, he hafiens to repeat to them, in Writing, conformably to the Desire which they have expressed to him, the following Reflcdtions, which he had already Rated to them verbally, in consequence of his mofi positive Infiructions.

He observes, in the firR Place, that to require As " an indispensable Preliminary of Negotiation for Peace " with England, the Consent of His Britannick Majesty " to the formal ReRitution of all the Poflessions which " He occupies, as well those of the Republic,

" as further and formally t|iofe of Spain and the Batavian Republic," is to wish to eRablish a previous Condition which excludes all Reciprocity, refuses to the King all Compensation, and leaves no Object of ulterior Negotiation.

That the French Republic formally authorized by its Allies to negotiate the Articles of Peace in their Name, cannot fairly set up its partial Treaties with them, in Opposition to reasonable Proposals of Peace, since it is universally underRood that the Contracting Parties always preserve the Power to modify, by mutual Consent, the Conditions by which they may be engaged to each other whenever their common IntereRs may require it:

1 — Consequently, the Proposition made to the King of a general and gratuitous ReRitution as an indispensable Preliminary, would necessarily impute to his Catholic. Majesty, and to the Batavian Republic, Dispositions far less pacific than those which animate the French Re public.

That moreover, in consequence of what passed in the jfirfi Conferences, Lord Malmesbury has always thought himself entitled to expect that the King His Master would find a Compensation for the Sacrifices He was ready to make for Peace, by retaining a Part of His ConqueRs j and He was the less able to foresee any Obfiacle, on account of the Secret Articles of the Treaties which bind the French Republic, as the Principle of Compensation was acknowledged by a formal and positive Declaration, made in the Name of the Executive Directory, and communicated in an Official Note, dated the 27th of November 1796; a Declaration, posterior to the Completion of those Treaties.

It was, therefore, in order to remove, as much as possible, every Difficulty that, in the Project of a Treaty, which Lord Malmesbury has delivered to the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic, the Alternative was left to France to settle this Compensation on its own Poflessions, or on those of its Allies: But the absolute Refusal of this Alternative appears to do away the only possible Means of conciliating every IntereR, and of arriving at an honourable, juR, and permanent Peace.

Lord Malmesbury, persuaded that such cannot be the

Intention of the French Government, hopes, that in consequence of the Reasons herein Rated, a Condition will not be infiRed upon, to which His Britannick Majesty can by no Means consent.

He again requeffis the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic to accept the Afl'urances of his high Consideration.

(Signed) Malmesbury.

Lijley24th July, 1797.

My Lord *

I fully expected; when I received the enclosed Note on Friday, that the Conference proposed was to acquaint me with the Infiructions the French Plenipotentiaries had received from the Directory, on the Note I had given in near a Fortnight ago, as an Answer to that in which the ReRitution of the Whole of His Majesty's ConqueRs from each of His Enemies is required as an indispensable Preliminary to all Negotiation.

I was therefore surprised and disappointed, when I had taken my Place at the Conference, to hear from the French Plenipotentiaries that the Letters they had received that Morning from Baris did not bring any specific Reply to my lafi Note, but only went to inform them that the Directory had taken the Subject into their moR serious Confederation, and would acquaint them as soon as possible with the Result.

I could not avoid expressing my Concern and Surprise that there exified any Hesitation whatever in the Mind of the Directory on a Point, which, although i Very important, was certainly a very simple ones — That to allow it to remain in Doubt whether His Majesty was to have any Compensation or not, was in other Words to leave it in Doubt whether the Directory sincerely meant Peace or not: — And that, although I was very far from wishing for any improper Haste, or not to move in a Matter of such Magnitude with becoming Prudence and Deliberation, yet I could not forbear lamenting that more than a Month had now elapsed without our having advanced a single Step notwithstanding His Majesty had, in the very Outset of the Negotiation, manifefied a Moderation and Forbearance unprecedented under similar Circumstances: — That anxious as I was not to prejudice it by any Repre-fentations of mine, I muR say, this Delay placed me in a very aukward Postion, as I really did not perceive how I could account for it in a Way at all satisfactory, at the same Time that it was quite impossible for me to suffer a longer Space of Time to pass over without writing to my Court.

One of the French Plenipotentiaries expressed his eamefi Wish that I would write immediately j he was confident this Delay would be seen in its true Light; and added, " Si nous n'avan<;ons pas a pas de Geant, j'efpere que nous marchons d'un pas fur." — And another of them repeated this Phrase.

I expressed my sincere Hope this might be the Cafe, but it would have- been much better proved by the Communication of the Counter Project they had in a Manner pledged themselves to procure, than by any vague and indeterminate Afluraaices of what might polfibly be the Result of the present Suspension of all > Business. They observed to me, that the Counter Project would of course be (virtually) contained in their next InRructions, and that their only Motive for wishing to fee me was, to convince me that this Delay had neither originated with them, nor been occasioned at Paris by any Want of Attention to this important Business, or from any Caule not immediately and closely connected with it.

I desired to knotv from them when they thought it probable they should receive positive and explicit Infiructions,'' whether in Three, Four, or Five Days ? — They said, it would be probably Eight or Ten. — And One of them observed, that as our not meeting more frequently gave Rife to many idle Rumours and falle Reports, he would propose to me, if I had no Objection, to meet every other Day at Two o'Clock: — That

1

t.

3° Novembris. 1797.

N5 29.

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord

bury to Lord , dated Lisle, 14th

August 1797.

24

it was very possible that in our next Two or Three Meetings we might have nothing material to say, but that we should get better acquainted with each other, and in our Converlations mutually suggest Ideas which might be of Uie. — I readily-consented to this.

I had a Conference again this Morning. As I was very desirous of being enabled to transmit to your Lordship some more satisfactory Account as to the Motives of this Delay, I again pressed the French Plenipotentiaries on this Point. They each of them repeated what they had said before, and on my endeavouring to make them feel how impossible it was that His Majesty1 should not be hurt at this Demur on so very Ample a Point, One of them said, you ought to augur favourably from it; your Note was a Refusal to agree to what was stated by the Directory in their Instructions to us as a fine qua non: — If the Directory were determined to persist in this fine qua non, they would have said so at once — " Je vous allure qu'il nous auroit promptement " renvoyc le Courier," were his words: — -the Time they take to deliberate indicates beyond a Doubt that they are looking for some Temperament, and it scarce can be doubted that one will be found. — I said I was well pleased to hear him say this; but that still he must be aware that it would not be an easy Talk for me to make my Dispatches Today either interesting or satisfactory.

Another of the French Ministers laid, that he really believed that this would be the only great Impediment We should have to encounter, that every Thing would go on Quickly and smoothly, and that I mull admit the present to be a very important and difficult Point in the Negotiation. I agreed with him entirely as to its Importance, but could not acquiesce as to its Difficulty.

I am very forty, my Lord, that in such a Moment, and after waiting l'o long, I should not be able to fend you more explicit and deciftve Assurances; but it is not in my Power to compel the French Negotiators to jnbve on falter. All I can do is by my Conduct and Language to take Care that no Part whatever of the Imputation of Delay should attach to me. I have, at every Conference I have held, always declared my Readiness to proceed, and I shall not fail to repeat this every Time we meet.

Right Honourable Lord , &c. &c. &c.

N 28.

TRANSLATION of a Note from the Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmesbury; dated Lisle, 17 Thermidor, 5 th Year.

The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic will be happy to have an Opportunity of converting for a few Minutes with Lord Malmesbury; and they have in consequence the Honour of proposing to him to meet them at Two o'Clock Today, or at any other Hour which may be more convenient to him, and which he will have the Goodness to appoint.

They renew, with Pleasure, to Lord Malmesbury the Assurances of their high Consideration.

(Signed) Le Tourneur.

B.

Lisle, 17 Thermidor,

5th Year of the Republic,

(August 4th, 1797.)

Sec. Gen. of the Legation.

My Lord,

In consequence of the Resolution we had come to, to meet on the Days of the Arrival of the Poll from Paris, our Conferences fof this last Week have taken Place regularly every other Morning, except on day the 10th of August, which being the Anniversary of One of their National Feftivals, the French Legation chuld not attend.

I have in mine, N® 17, given your Lordship an Account of every Thing which passed in these Conferences, up td that of the 6th. On the 8th nothing was laid at all worth transmitting, except an Intimation flung out by One of the French Plenipotentiaries, that it would be necessary to take into Consideration the Rights of Neutral Nations on this Occasion. But as he lpoke very vaguely, 'and in general Terms, I did not chooi'e to press him for an Explanation, as I consider it more judicious to avoid Discussions on separate and collateral Points, and not to enter into Negotiation till the Whole can be brought under Deliberation at once.

What palfed on the 12th was rather more interesting. The Return of Mr. Westey afforded me a very natural Opportunity of expressing the Impatience with which an Answer to my last Note' was expected by my Court; that Three Weeks had now elapsed since its Transmission, and that although I by no means wished to insinuate that due Attention had not been paid to l'o very important a Subject as that on which we were treating, yet 1 could not but greatly lament, that Day after Day should be allowed to pass away without our proceeding at all in the great Business for which wc were met. One of the French Ministers said, That it was impossible I could lament this Delay more than they did; that they had already declared to me that it was occasioned by a Wilh not to create but to remove Difficulties; and they could assure me positively, that the French Government had no other Object in View, and that I should find, when once we began fairly to negotiate, w'e should proceed very rapidly.

I replied it was indeed very material to make good the Time we had loft. The French Minister answered, you would not call it Time loft, if you knew how it w as employed. On my expressing, by my Manner, a Wilh to be informed, he went on, by saying, we will not scruple to tell you, though we feel we ought not yet to do it officially, that we are consulting with our Allies; that we have communicated to them all that has palfed here; we have stated that, unless they mean to continue the War, they must release us from our Engagements, and enable us, to a certain Degree, to meet your Proposals.

The Conference of Today is this Moment over. One of th e French Plenipotentiaries informed me, that he

had received this Morning a Letter from the President of the Directory, alluring him that in Four or Five Days they would receive their final Instructions; and he added of himself, that he trusted these would be such as would enable us to continue our Work without ahy further Interruption. I said, I hoped these In-structions would be in Substance a Counter Project, as ~I did not fee how any Thing short of One could enable us to proceed so rapidly as he described. He agreed with me entirely, and afiured me, that both he and his Colleagues 'had repeatedly stated the Necessity of a Counter Project being sent them; and he observed, that he really thought the French Government might have foreseen every Thing.which had palfed, and been prepared with one; and that this would have saved a great deal of valuable Time. As I could not myself have said more, I readily gave a full Assent to what I heard.

38 Geo. III.

3° Novembris.

N"

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmesbury; dated Dozening Street, 19th August 1797.

30. on the very unfair and extraordinary Afield ion which had appeared in the Message of the 9th Instant, from the Dircdory to the Council of Five Hundred, viz " queles Puillancescoalilees ont mis autant de Lenteur " dans )cs Negotiations, qu'cllcs avoient montre de l'Ardour pour Its terminer." I observed totliem, that I had An Expression mentioned in One of your Lordship's Orders from my Court to alk a precise Explanation, whe-last Dispatches to have fallen from One of the French ther this Accusation of Delay was meant to apply to the Plenipotentiaries, leads to the Presumption that it is Manner in which His Majesty had conduced the Ne-intended, on the Part of France, to bring forward some gotiation at , and if it was so meant, to declare Proposal about the Navigation of Neutral Powers in that no Accusation was ever more destitute of Founda-Time of War. Your Lordship will best judge of the tion, nor a wider Deviation from the real Fad. I laid proper Opportunity of expressing His Majesty's decided I was perfcdly ready to abide by. their Determination and unalterable'Resolution on this Point, n<Jt to admit on this Point, convinced that it was impossible for

of any Proposal for treating with His Enemies on the Subject of the Rights or Claims of Neutral Powers.

The only other Remark with which I have to trouble your Lordship by this Messenger relates to an Expression in the late Message of the Directory to the Council of Five Hundred, which, if literally taken, conveys an Accusation against His Majesty's Govern-

them not to acknowledge that the Delay (if there had been any blameable Delay) rested with the French Government and not with His Majesty. The French Plenipotentiaries admitted this to be most strictly true;-that the Phrase I had quoted was an ill-judged one, and "mal redigee;" but that it could not in any Point of View whatever be construed as applying to England;

ment, that some Delay has arisen on the Part of this and they wrere ready to say, that when it was written, xr " " " T'n' 'ri ' - the Directory alluded solely to the Court of;

that they could allure me they had been very faithful in their Reports, and that when they laid this it was saying in other Words that I had carried on the Negotiation with as much Expedition as possible, and that

Country in the Negotiations at This is so

avowedly contrary to the Fad, that it mud be considered as impossible that such a Charge could be intended to be made by a Government which had at that Moment delayed for Three Weeks making any Answer to His Majesty's distinct and liberal Proposals of Peace, if it had proceeded slowly for this last Month, the Slow

and whole Plenipotentiaries were daily apologizing to your Lordship for this unbecoming, and as they almost confess, unaccountable Delay; but as the Point is too important to be left unnoticed, it is the King's Pleasure that your Lordship should present a Note, remarking upon the Sense to which these Words are liable, expressing your Persuasion that such cannot be the In-

ness arole on their Side and not on mine.

I Paid I could not for an Instant call in question their Feelings on this Point; it was the Insinuation conveyed in the Message, and which had gone over , that

it was necessary for me to clear up, and to know whether the Directory thought and felt as they did. One of the French Ministers, with very Itrong Expressions,

tention with which they were used, but asking on the allured me the Directory certainly did think and feel Part of your Court an Explanation to that Effect, ''' ' ' ' ‘ ‘ -

which cannot be refused without a Violation of every Thing which Truth and Justice require on such an Occasion.

like them; that no unfair or insidious Allusion was meant, and added, " que ce Message etoit salt pour ftimuler les Conseils." I went on by observing it was very essential for me to have this fully explained, and that I should give them in a Note to this EiFed; they requested I would not, it would lead to disagreeable ' Dilcuflions, and would not answer the.End I proposed. They would take, upon themselves now to allure me in the Name of the Dircdory, that nothing at all Cmilar to the Construction I put on the Phrase was intended, and that as soon as they could receive an Answer to the Report they should make of Today's Conversation, In short, this Caule is in the same Despondency in they would say the same from the Dircdory itself. which all good Citizens, and particularly the Defenders . I hope, my Lord, 1 have, therefore, by obtaining of the Country are, at seeing deferred at the very Mo- this very precise and formal Disavowal of an Intention ment when its Conclusion was thought to be near at to fix any Imputation of Delay on His Majesty's Go-hand, and after having bought it with so much Blood vernment, fulfilled the Object of my Instructions on and so much Suffering — a definitive Peace, which the this particular Point. If when the French Plenipoten-Heads of the vanquished Coalition at length solicited tiaries speak from the Dircdory the Disavowal should in good Earnest, when its Conclusion was expected, not be equally satisfadory and complete, I then will and which a Government, friendly to Humanity, were not fail, according to your Lordship's Order, to give still more earnest to conclude: When, all on a ludden, in a Note.

N" 31.

TRANSLATION of Extract from the Message of the French Directory, to the Council of Five Hundred, of the 9th August, 1797.

buoyed up with new Hopes, reckoning upon a general Dissolution of the Government by the failing of its Finances, upon its Destruction, upon the Death or Banishment of its bravest Generals, and upon the Dispersion and Loss of its Armies, these very same co-alefced Powers have thrown as much Delay into the Negotiations, as they had flievvn Anxiety to bring them to an End.

N° 32.

COPY of a Dispatch from Lord Malmesbury to Lord Grenville-, dated Lijle, 22d August, 1797.

My Lord,

In my Conference of this Morning, I took an Opportunity of remarking to the French Plenipotentiaries Vot. 53.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Malmesbury. Right Honourable Lord Grenville.

N° 33-

EXTRACT of a

Malmesbury to Lord 22d August, 1797.

Dispatch

Grenville;

from Lord dated Lijle,

The Four Conferences I have held with the French Plenipotentiaries, since I last wrote to your Lordship on the 14th Instant, will not, I fear, furnish very interesting Materials for a Dispatch.

Our Conference of this Morning was principally employed in what I have related in my other Dispatch;

H but

2 6

3° Novembris.

A. 1797.

but the French Plenipotentiaries assured me, that by Thursday, or at the latest by they expected

to receive their long expected Messenger.

N' 34 *

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord Maltriesbury to Lord Grenville; dated Lijle, 29th August 1797.

I am extremely sorry to be forced to announce to your Lordship, that ffefh Delays occur in the Progress of the Negotiation.

The French Plenipotentiaries informed me at our Conference Yesterday, that the last Answer from Holland was so unsatisfactory that the Directory had ordered the Minister for Foreign Affairs to return it to the Dutch Ministers at Paris; that the Dutch Ministers could not take upon themselves to alter it in the Way the Directory proposed, but had been obliged 'to refer to their Government for new Orders; and that therefore, supposing no Time to be loft in Deliberation on this Subject at The Hague, it would be at least a Week from Today before any farther Account could be received here.

After lamenting this unexpected Procrastination of our Business, I expressed a Wish to know what the Dutch Answer had been, what Objections the Direc- . tory had made to it,' and the Alteration they were desirous it should undergo.

One of the French Plenipotentiaries said, it had not been communicated to them, but that he understood it was " complexe, louche, et peu satisfaifante." — That the Directory expected it should be clear and distinct, and such an one as would enable them to fend such Initruc-tions here, as would allow us to go on with the Negotiation in a Way to recover the Time we had loft.

n s-

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord Malmesbury to Lord; dated

5th September 1797.

My Lord,

I should have considered what has passed in our Conferences since I last had the Honour of writing to your Lordship by Mr. IVesley, as in itself too unimportant to authorize me to dispatch a Messenger, but that in general I think it my Duty never to leave your Lordship more than a Week without hearing from me; and I was also glad of an Opportunity to acknowledge the Receipt of your Lordship's Dispatch, N° 23, which was delivered to me by the Messenger , on the 31st August, at 10P. M.

Nothing-but common Conversation passed in our Conferences of the 30th August and of the ift September. In that of the 3d the French Plenipotentiaries confirmed what they had taken upon themselves to assure me on the 2 2d August, in consequence of the Representation I had your Lordship's Orders to make on the Expressions employed by the Directory in their Message of the 9 th August to the Councils, and which Expressions appeared to fix an Imputation of Delay on His Majesty's Government in the Progress of the Negotiation. They said that they had reported to the Directory what I observed on this Subject, and that they were now charged to repeat what I had already heard from them, and to declare that no Intention similar to that I supposed ever existed on the Part of the Directory.

In our Conference of this Morning, although I had Reason to expect that the Answer from The Hague was arrived at Paris, yet it was not admitted by the French Plenipotentiaries.

N 36 *

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord Malmesbury to Lord Grenville; dated Lijle, 9th Sep-bember 1797.

I need not fayThat the Two Conferences which have been held since I dispatched the Messenger, Brooks, were not likely, under the present Circumstances of this Country, to afford any Thing extremely important or interesting.

In that of Thursdaythe 7th, One of th Pleni-

potentiaries began, on my entering the Room, by announcing a Wish that the great Event which had taken place at Paris, should not interrupt for a long Time

our Negotiation, or destroy the pleasing Prospect we had of its soon terminating successfully; and from his Manner I clearly saw he meant to convey the Idea that it was his Opinion it would not, I endeavoured to discover whether he spoke in consequence of any private Intelligence he had received from Paris, or limply from his own private Judgment; and I found it was entirely from the latter.

In our Conference of this Morning, he said they were still without any Letters from M. 'Talleyrand (which rather surprised him); but he could assure me, with Certainty, that by Monday they should be empowered to o on with the Negotiation, and that I might safely say o to my Court.

n-37.

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmesbury; dated Downing September nth, 1797.

Your Lordship's Dispatches by the Messenger, were received here this Morning.

It would be premature in the present Moment, to enter into any Reasoning on the Effect which the extraordinary Events at Paris may be expected to have on the important Negotiation with which your Lordship is charged. A very Tew Days must now probably shew, in the most unequivocal Manner, what are the Views which are entertained by the now predominant Party at Paris, respecting the Question of Peace or War with Great Britain: And it becomes His Majesty's Government to wait the Event with the same Delire for Accommodation on reasonable Terms, and the , same Firmness, with respect to undue and insulting Demands, which has actuated every Part of the Conduct held by your Lordship.

N° 38.

COPY of a Dispatch from Lord Malmesbury to Lord Grenville; dated Lijle, 11 th September 1797.

My Lord,

On my going to the Conference this Morning, the French Plenipotentiaries informed me that the whole French Legation was recalled, and that Messrs. Treilhard and Bonnier d' Alco were appointed in their Room. They

said, their Orders were to communicate this Event to me immediately, and at the same Time to add, in the Name of the French Government, that this Alteration, in the Choice of the Negotiators, would not product any whatever in the Disposition of the Directory, to bring the Negotiation to a happy Issue.

I assured them I was extremely sorry to hear that they were recalled. That we had hitherto acted together so cordially, that it was to be lamented any Circumstances

had

38 Geo. III.

had arisen which made the F Government think it adviseable to put the Negotiation into other Hands.

That I received with Satisfaction what they told me as to the Sentiments manifested by the Directory, relative to the Negotiation and that 1 could assure them they were such as certainly existed in the Breast of my Royal Mailer.

I then suggested to them, whether it would not be proper to give me an Official Note on this Occasion, since it made a very marked Period in the Negotiation j and as they perfectly agreed with me on the Propriety of this, they sent me that I now enclose.

I consider this Event as so material, that 1 do not lole a Moment in dispatching One of my . Servants to England, as I have at present no Messenger with me.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Malmesbury, Right Honourable Lord Grenvil

N# 39.

TRANS LATION of a Note from th Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmesbury; dated Lijley 25 FruEUdor, 5 th Year.

__ The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic have the Honour to inform Lord Malmesbury that they have received, by this Day's Poll, a Decree of the Executive Directory, signifying their Recall, and the Nomination of Citizens Treilhar and Bonnier to succeed them, and to continue the Negotiations entered upon with England.

The Minister for Foreign Affairs, in fending to the Undersigned Ministers Plenipotentiary this Decree of the Directory, of the a 2d of this Month, orders them to wait the Arrival of their Success'ors. It also directs them to inform the Minister Plenipotentiary-of His Britannic/: Majesty, that the Change of the Negotiators does not carry with if any Change in the Disposition of the Directory, with regard to the Negotiation.

The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic have the Honour to renew to Lord Malmesbury the Assurances of their high Consideration.

(Signed) Le,

Hugues B. Maret.

Lijle, 25 Frublidor,

5th Year of the Republic.

(Sept. 11, 1797.)

Colchen, Sec. Gen. of the Legation.

N 40.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the French Plenipotentiaries; dated Lijley 12th Septem 1797.

The Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty has the Honour to acknowledge the Receipt of the Note which the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic have addressed to him, communicating the Decree of the Executive Directory, which fig-nifies' their Recall and the Nomination of the Ministers destined to succeed them, and to continue the Negotiations already commenced. He receives at the same Time with Satisfaction, and-will transmit without Delay to his Court, the Assurance, that this Change of the Negotiators does not bring with it any Change in the Disposition of the Directory as to the Negotiation.

Lord Malmesbury, in thanking the Ministers Pleni-

potentiary of the Prench Republic for this Communication, begs them to be persuaded of his personal Regret on account of their Departure, and to accept the Assurances of his high Consideration.

(Signed)

Lijle, Sept. 12, 1797.

Vol. 53.

27

N 41.

EXTRACT of a Dispatch from Lord

bury to Lord Grenvillej dated , 17 th Sep tember 1797.

My Lord,

The new French Plenipotentiaries, Messieurs Treilhard and Bonnier d'Alco, with their principal Secretary M.

Dere hi, and Two private Secretaries, arrived here at Five o'Clock A. M. on Wednesday the 13th Instant.

At Eleven A. M. they sent M. to acquaint me

with their Arrival, and to inquire at what Hour 1 would receive their Visit. In consequence of my saying whenever it was convenient to them, they came immediately, attended by Messieurs Le T, Maret, and Colchen.

On taking Leave, M. Le Tourneur came forward and laid to me, m his Name and that, of his Colleagues, that they could not terminate their Million without cx-pressing the Satisfaction they had felt from the Open-ness and Candour (" Loyaute et Franchise") with which I had acted during the Whole of the Negotiation, or take Leave of me, without expressing their sincere personal Regrets } that the Recollection of my Conduct would always be agreeable to them, and that it had given me the strongest Title to their Esteem and good Wilhes.

After giving the new Plenipotentiaries as much Time as was necessary to return to their own House, 1 sent Mr. Rojs to alk at what Hour I might return their Visit j and, in consequence of their Answer, L went to them, attended by Lord Morpeth and Mr. Ellis.

I took an Opportunity of returning the Compliment M. Le Tourneur had made me; and I mull in Justice repeat, my Lord, what I have already said, that his Conduct and that of his Colleagues has, in every Point which has depended on them, been perfectly fair and honourable, and in no Instance contrary to the Principles they announced, and the Professions they made.

It is therefore impossible for me not to regret them, and not to consider the Change of Negotiators at least as a very unpleasant, if not a very unfortunate Incident.

N 42.

COPY of a Dispatch from Lord Malmesbury to Lord Grenville; dated Lijle, 17th September

797-My Lord,

I shall endeavour in this Dispatch to give your Lord ship as circumstantial an Account as my Memory will allow me to do, of what has passed in the Two Conferences 1 have held with the new French Plenipotentiaries.

In that of Thursday the 14th, after communicating to me the Afrete of the Directory appointing them to tuc-ceed Messieurs Le Tourneur and Maret, and empowering them to continue the Negotiation with me, One of them began by making the strongest Assurances of the sincere Desire entertained by the Directory for Peace.

He observed, that if this Desire had manifested itself so strongly at a Moment when the Twro great Authorities of t e Country were at Variance, it mult naturally become stronger and be exerted with more effect w'hen all Spirit of Division was suppressed, and when the Government was strengthened by the perfect Concord which now reigns between all its Branches: That the first and most material Point to be ascertained in every Negotiation was the Extent of the full Powers with which the Negotiators are veiled; that I should find theirs to be very ample; and that, as it was necessary to the Success of our Discussions that mine should be equally so,- they had it in Command to present a Note the Object of which was to inquire, whether I. was authorized

5° Novembr

t

8

3° Novembris *

A. 1797.

thorized lo (rent on the Principle of a general Restitution of every Possession remaining in His Majesty's Hands, not only belonging to them, but to their Allies; that 1 was not unacquainted with their Laws and with their Treaties; that a great Country could not on any Occasion aft in Contradiction to them; and that, aware as I must be of this, I could not but expect the Question contained in the Note, neither could I consider the llequisition of an explicit-Answer, previous to entering upon the Negotiation, as arising from any other Motive than that of the most perfect Wifti, on the Part of the Directory, to bring it to a successful, and, above all, to a speedy Conclusion.

I replied, that if after what I heard I could allow myself to hope for such an Event as he seemed to think probable, or give any Credit to the pacific Dispositions he announced on the Part of the French Government, such Hope must arise solely from the Confidence I might place in his Assurances; since the Measure itself now adopted by the Directory was certainly calculated to make a directly contrary- Impression on my Mind; that I could not conceal from him, that far from expecting such a Question, its being now put l'urprifed me beyond Measur, and still more so, when from his Comment upon it I was to infer, that he wished me to consider it as tending to promote a speedy Pacification; that the Question expressed in the Note he had delivered (for he had given it to me, and I had read it over as he ended his Speech) was Word for Word the same as that put to me by his Predecessors so long ago as the 14U1 July, that on the 15th I had, from my own Authority, given an Answer, and that this Answer I confirmed fully and distinctly by Order of my Court on the 24th July; that these Notes had to the present Hour remained unnoticed, and a Delay of Two Months had occurred; that the Reasons assigned for this Delay were, as I w'as repeatedly told, a decided Resolution on the Part of the French Government to listen to the reasonable Proposals made by His Majesty; but that being bound by their Engagements with the Court of Madrid and the Batavian Republic, and wishing to treat their Allies with due Consideration, they were desirous of consulting with them previous to any pofi-tive Declaration, and obtaining from them a voluntary Rclcafe from those Engagements sufficient to enable the French Plenipotentiaries here to admit the Basis His Majesty had established, and to ground on it all future ' Discussions which might arise in the Course of the Negotiation; that if he had read over the Papers left, undoubtedly, in his Possession by his Predecessors, he would find what I stated to be strictly true; and that of course it could not be difficult to account for my Surprise, when, after being told that he and his Colleague were to take up the Negotiation precisely where they found it, it now became evident that it was to be flung back to the very Point from which we started, and flung back in a Way which seemed to threaten a Conclusion very different from that he foretold.

I shall not attempt to follow the French Minister through the very elaborate and certainly able, Speech lie made in Reply, with a View to convince me that the Enquiry into the Extent of my full Powers was the strongest Proof the Directory could furnish of their pacific Intention, and the shortest Road they could take to accomplish the desired End. It was in order to ive Activity to the Negotiation (" aftiver" was his Word) and to prevent its stagnating, that this Demand was made so specifically; and he intimated to me, that it was impossible for the Directory to proceed till a full and fa-tisfaftory Answer had been given to it. I interrupted him hereby saying, their Manner of acting appeared to me calculated to decide the Negotiation at once, not to give it Activity, since it must be known, I could not have Powers of the Description he alluded to; and even suppoling I had, the admitting it would be in Fast neither more or lefts than a complete Avowal of the

Principle itself, which once agreed on, nothing would be left to negotiate about. The other French Plenipotentiary interpofted here, by saying, that would not be the Cate; many Articles would still remain to be proposted, and many Points for important Distcufiion. I laid, every Word I heard seemed to present fresh Difficulties. Without replying to me, the first-mentioned Minister went on by endeavouring to prove, that the Avowal of having Powers to a certain Extent, did not imply the NeceL fity of exercising the m; that it was the Avowal alone for which they contended, in order to determine at once the Form the Negotiation was to take; that the Note, and the Time prescribed in it, were in conftequence of the most positive Orders from the Directory; and that if I drew from it a Conclusion different from the Assurances they had made me in the Name of the Directory,

I did not make the true Inference. I replied, that although the preftcribing the Day on which the Question was put to me as the Term within which I was to give my Answer to it, was both a very unuftual and abrupt Mode of proceeding, yet as a Day was much more than sufficient for the Purposte, I should forbear making any particular Remark on this Circumstance: That as to the Inference to be drawn from the positive Manner in which they appeared to maintain the Question put to me, I really could not make it different from that I had already expressed: That the reverting, after an Interval of Two Months, to a Question already anftwered, and which Question involved the Fate of the Negotiation, certainly could not be considered as wearing a very conciliatory Appearance: That in regard to my Answer, it could not be different from that 1 had given before: That my full Powers, which were in their Hands, were as extensive as any could be, and it did not depend on me to give them more or lefts Latitude; but that in Fast their Question went not to the Extent of my full Powers, but to require of me to declare the Nature of my Instructions; and on this Point they certainly would forgive me if I did not ftpeak out till such. Time as the Circumstances of the Negotiation called upon me to do it.

The French Minister strove to prove to me, what lie had before attempted, that the claiming a Right of Enquiry into the Nature of the discretionary Authority confided in a Minister, by no Means implied an Intention of requiring of him to act up to it to its utmost Limits. 1 obfterved, if no such Intention existed, why institute the Enquiry ? and if it did exist, why not lay so at once ? — He laid, what we now alk is little more than a Matter of Form; when you have given us your Answer, we shall follow it up by another Step, which we are ordered to take. I laid, my Answer wtis given Two Months ago; that, although I was ready to give it them again, and in Writing, as One to their Note, yet, as it could not be different, I did not fee why they should not proceed immediately to the other Step, by which I was told the Question was to be followed up. It would be premature, laid the French Minister; but in drawing up your Answer, do not forget the Force of the Arguments I have uled, or in your Report to your Court, the Assurances we have given of the earned: Wilh of the Directory to terminate the War.

I replied, that I still must maintain, that, from the Manner in which they thought proper to define full Powers, I could fee no Distinction between acknowledging the Power and admitting the Principle; and that the Question itself could not be put with any Other Ihtcntion — (Your Lordship will obilrve from the fubftequent Notes which passed between us, that I was perfectly grounded in this Assertion); — that in my . Reports, they might be fully allured I should aft up to that conciliatory Spirit, which, from the earliest Period of the Negotiation, had always decided my Conduct; and that, inauftpicious as Appearances were, I certainly would be careful not to make them look hostile. At the Word hostile, both the French Plenipotentiaries c were

38 Geo III. 30 Novembris. 1

were most warm in their Protestations, that nothing could be lei's To; that the Idea of the Negotiation breaking off was as far from their Thoughts as from their Willies. I laid, that although I heard this with Pleasure, yet I could not avoid adverting to Faffs, and that, when instead of an Answer, and the favourable A. 1 liver which I had every lieafon to expect, I received only the Repetition of a Demand, which had been already fat is tied Two Months ago; I certainly could not think this a good Omen. If it did not bode an immediate Rupture of the Treaty, it assuredly did not announce a near and successful Termination of it. The above-mentioned Minister persisted I was mistaken; that the Business would end speedily; that Speed was their Willi, and Speed with Peace for its Object.

On breaking up our Conference, I said, that-I took it for granted that we should meet again at the usual Hour, on Sunday. He said, that it perhaps might not be necessary, but that they certainly would let me know in Time; and this conveyed to me the first Idea of what has since taken place.

I inclose your Lordship the Note A, I received in this Conference from the French Plenipotentiaries, and the Answer B, which I made to it Yesterday Morning at 10 A. M.

At 6 P. M. the Note C was transmitted to me; to which at 8 P. M. I returned the Answer D, by Mr. Refs, whom I lent in order that he might bring me the Passports I asked for; but at a Quarter before io P.M. M. Derche, Secretary of the French Legation, delivered

to me the Paper marked E; and this Morning at 9 A. M. I replied by the Note F. which immediately produced that marked G.

The Notes sent me by the French Plenipotentiaries speak for themselves; and it is unnecessary to enter into any Reflections on them. I am willing to hope that the Anfivers I have made were such as became the Situation in which I (land, the Importance of the Cause intruded to me, and the steady but temperate Conduct which the Spirit of my Instructions injoin me to hold.

It was my Wish to give every Opening to the French Plenipotentiaries to recall the violent Step they had taken; and, if polhble, to convince them of its extreme Impropriety. And it was with this View, and with a most anxious Delire not to exclude all Hope of the Restoration of Peace, that I determined on luggefting the Idea of our Meeting once more before I left.

This Meeting took place Today at Noon: I opened it by observing. That the several Notes they had received from me since the preceding Evening had been too expressive of the Surprize I felt at the Measure the Directory had thought proper to adopt, to make it ne-celfaiy for me to enlarge upon it in this Conference; and indeed my foie Motive for suggesting that it might be for our mutual Satisfaction that it should be held, was, because this Measure appeared to me to be in such direct Contradiction to the very strong Assurances I had so constantly and repeatedly heard from them, and to the pacific Intentions with which they declared they were sent, that it was my earnest With (before I considered their Conduct as forcing me to a Step which muff so materially affect the Succcfs of the Negotiation), to be perfectly certain that I understood clearly and distinctly the precise Meaning of their official Notes. . On their admitting that nothing could be more reasonable than that I should, on so important a Point, require Explanation, or more satisfactory to them than to give it me (as far as lay in their Power), I proceeded by saying, that it appeared to me that I was called upon to produce immediately my full Powers, or rather my Instructions (for however different thcle were in themselves, in their Demand they seemed con-flantly blended), and that if either I refuted to consent to this, or if on contenting to it, it was found that I was not authorized to treat on the Principle they laid down, I was then in the Space of Twenty-four Hours

Vol. 53.

to leave Life, and return to my Court; and that I was required to obtain full Authority to admit this Piin ciple, if it was wished the Negotiation should proceed; This I said appeared to me to be the evident Sense of the Notes, and 1 begged to know whether I had mistaken it or not. One of the French Plenipotentiaries said,

" You have understood it exactly; I hope you equally " understand the Intention of the French Government,

" which is to accelerate Peace by removing every Obstacle which stands in its Way."

I replied, that having no Doubt left on my Mind as to their exact Meaning, and being quite sure notwithstanding the Observation they had made, " que j'avais fail! la veritable Intention de leur Note," it would, I feared, be a very unprofitable Employment of our Time to argue either on the Nature of the Principle they announced as a fine qua non, to even a preliminary Dif-cuffion, or on the extreme Difficulty of reconciling the peremptory Demand with which they opened their Million, to the pacific Professions that accompanied it; that if they were determined to persist in this Demand, it was much better to avoid all useless Altercation; and nothing in that same remained for me to do, but to ask for my Passports, and to signify to them my Intention of leaving France at an early Hour the next Morning. They said, they had their Hands tied by an Arrete of the Directory, and were bound to observe the Conduct they had followed by the most positive Orders and although we remained together some Time longer, not a Hint dropped from them expressive of a Willi that, instead of going myself for new Instructions, I should either write for them by a Messenger, or obtain them by fending to England Cne of the Gentlemen who are with me. I endeavoured' by every indirect Means to suggest to them the Necefiuy of adopting some such Modification, if they meant that their Withes for Peace, in the Expression of which they were this Morning more eager than eVer, should meet with the slightest Degree of Credit: I again brought to their Recollection that I was authorized to receive any Pro-polal, any Contre Projet they tendered to me, but that they must be aware that it was not possible for me to alter the Orders I had received, or to assume an Authority with which I was not inverted. I dwelt particularly and repeatedly on my being competent to take any Thing the y said for Reference; but this availed nothing, except drawing from One of them a Rernark, that the full Powers which authorized a Minister to hear Proposals, were widely different from those which would enable him to accede to them; and that it w'as such full Powers that the Directory required me to solicit.

An easy Answer presented itself to this Mode of Re?.-foning; but I saw no Advantage to be derived from prolonging a Conversation, which, after the positive Declaration they had made, could lead to nothing: I therefore ended the Conference by declaring my lte-solution to begin my Journey at a very early Hour ti e next Morning, and by saying, that immediately on my Arrival in England I would make an exact Report of every Thing that had parted since their Arrival.

I trust, my Lord, 1 shall not incur Censure for having declined to offer in distinct Terms to wait at Lijlt till I could know His Majesty's Pleasure on the peremptory Proposal made to me: But when I considered the Nature of the Proposal itself, the Avowal that this would not be the last, nor perhaps the most humiliating, Condition required of us, and the imperious Style with which I was enjoined to depart in Twenty-four Hours, it was utterly impossible for me to assume a Language or affect a Manner that could be interpreted into Solicitation or Entreaty: I felt myself called upon to treat the Whole of this extraordinary Proceeding with Calm-ness and Temper; and notwithstanding the deep and poignant Concern I mult feel at an Event which I fear will remove all Probability of an immediate Pacifica-

I tiox\i

Y Novembris.

A. 1797:

tion, I trull that in the Expression of this Sentiment I have not used a Language unbecoming the Character with which I am invelted, or the Greatness of the Sovereign and Country whose Dignity and Interests it is my primary Duty to consult and to maintain.

I have the Honour to be,

With great Respect, my Lord,

Your Lordship's most obedient humble Servant,

(Signed) .

Right Hon. Lord Grenville.

N- 43.

(A.)

TRANSLATION of Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmesbury} dated Lisle, 29 Fruftidor, 5th Year.

The undersigned Ministers Plenipotentiaries of the French Republic, commissioned to treat of Peace with England, have the Honour to assure Lord Minister Plenipotentiary of His Majesty, that

the French Government wishes as sincerely, as strongly as ever, a Peace, desired by the Two Nations: But, unable to conclude any other Peace than such a one as is founded on the Laws and on the Treaties which bind the French Republic, persuaded that, to arrive at this End, it is necessary to explain itself with entire Frank-ness, and desirous of giving to the Negotiation the greatest Rapidity, the Executive Directory has expressly charged the Undersigned to demand of Lord bury, whether he has sufficient Powers for restoring, in the Treaty which may be concluded, to th Republic and to its Allies, all the Poflessions which, since the Beginning of the War, have passed into the Hands of the English.

The Undersigned are equally charged by the Executive Directory to demand from Lord Malmesbury an Answer in the Omrfe of the Day. They requeil him to accept the Assurances of their high Consideration.

(Signed)

Lijle, 29 Fru£lidor, 5th Year of the Republic.

Treilhard.

Bonnier.

By the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic, the Sec. Gen.

JDerckl.

N 44.

(B.)

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the French Plenipotentiaries; dated Lijle, 16th September, 1797.

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty receives with great Satisfaction the Expression of the sincere Desire for Peace, which the Ministers Plenipotentiaries of the French Republic announced to him Yesterday in the Name of their Government. He has the Honour to assure them that the King his Master is animated with the same Desire, and has nothing more at Heart than to put an End to the Calamities of the War.

With regard to the Question which the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic addressed to Lord Malmesbury, concerning the Extent of his full

Powers, he considers himself as having already given the most unequivocal Answer upon this Subject, in the Two Notes which he delivered to their Predecessors on the 15th and 24th of July.

However, to avoid all Misunderstanding, he renews the Declaration, which he made Yesterday; that is to

say, that he neither can nor ought to treat upon any other Principle than that of Compensations; a Principle which has been formally recognized as the Basis of a Treaty equally just, honourable, and advantageous to the Two Powers.

Lord Malmesbury requests the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic to accept the Assurances of his high Consideration.

(Signed) Malmesbury.

Lijle, Saturday, 16th September,

1797, 10 A. M.

N- 45.

(C.)

TRANSLATION of a Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmesbury; dated Lijle, 30 Frufti 5th Year.

The Ministers Plenipotentiaries of the French Republic, commissioned to treat of Peace with England, have the Honour to acknowledge the Receipt of the Answer of Lord Malmesbury to the Note which was presented to him in the Conference of Yesterday.

It appears from this Answer, and from the Two Notes of the 15th and 24th of , to which it refers, that Lord Malmesbury has not Powers for agreeing to the Restitution of all the Poflessions which His Britannick Majesty occupies, whether from the French Republic, or from its Allies.

In consequence, while they reiterate to Lord Malmesbury the most positive Assurances of the Sentiments of the French Government, the Undersigned apprize him of a Decree of the Executive Directory, which signifies that, in case Lord Malmesbury shall declare himself not to have the necessary Powers for agreeing to all the Restitutions which the Laws and the Treaties which bind the French Republic, make indispensable, he shall be to return, in Four-and-twenty Hours to his Court, to ask for sufficient Powers. Lord Malmesbury can fee in this Determination of the Executive Dire<flory nothing else than an Intention to hasten the Moment when the Negotiation may be followed up with the Certainty of a speedy Conclusion.

The Ministers Plenipotentiaries of the French Republic request Lord Malmesbury to accept the Assurances of their high Consideration.

(Signed) TTeilhard.

Bonnier.

Lijle, 30 FruRidor,

5th Year of the Republic.

{Sept, 16, 1797.)

By the Ministers Plenipotentiaries, the Sec. Gen. of the Legation,

Derchi.

N 46.

(D.)

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the French Plenipotentiaries; dated Lijle, 16th September, 1797.

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty has the Honour to acknowledge the Receipt of the Note of this Day, which has been sent him by the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic.

Whatever Regret he may experience at seeing the Hope of a speedy Conciliation thus destroyed, he can return no other Answer to a Refusal so absolute to continue the Negotiation on Grounds which appeared to have been already agreed upon, than by demanding the necessary Passports for himself and his Suite, in order that they may set off within the Four-and-twenty Hours, and return immediately to England.

38 Geo. III.

3° Novembris.

He requests the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic to accept the Assurances of his high Consideration.

(Signed)

Lijle, Saturday, 16th September,

8 P. M.

N 47-(E.)

TRANSLATION of a Note from the

French Plenipotentiaries to Lord bury, dated Lijle, 30 FruElidor, 5th Year.

"The undesigned Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic, commissioned to treat of Peace with England, have the Honour to acknowledge the Receipt of Lord Malmesbury's Answer to the Note which they

addressed to him this Day.

They think it right to observe to him, that he does not appear to have seized the real Meaning of their Note; that it by no Means‘contains Refusal to continue the Negotiations, but,'on the contrary, the Means for giving them Activity, and for following them up with a Success, no less desirable to the Two Nations, than it would be flattering to the Ministers charged with the Conduct of them.

The French Government is so far from entertaining the Intentions which the Note of Lord Malmesbury appears to impute'to them, that the Ministers Plenipotentiary or the French Republic have received no Order to quit Lijle, after the Departure of the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty.

The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic request Lord Malmesbury to accept the Assurances of their high Consideration.

(Signed) Freilhard.

By the Ministers Plenipotentiary, the Sec. Gen. of the Legation.

Lisle,30 FruSlidor, 5th Year j

of the French Republic.

{Sept. 16, 1797.)

N< 48.

(F.)

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lortl Malmesbury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated Lijle, Sunday 17th September, 1797.

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty has the Honour to acknowledge the Receipt of a Note which the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic transmitted to him Yesterday, through the Hands of the Secretary General of their Legation. He thinks he cannot answer it better than by submitting to them in his Turn he following Observations.

That having already by his Note, dated July 24, and in obedience to the express Orders of his Court given an Answer to the Question which is now so unexpectedly renewed, a Question, that, in Appearance relates solely to the Limits of his full Powers, f which are in the most ample Form) but which does, in Fact require a Declaration of the whole Extent of his Instructions; and not being authorized to quit the Place of his Destination without the express Orders of the King his Master, in any same except that of the Rupture of the Negotiation j he could not help considering a Note enjoining him, in consequence of a Decree of the Executive Directory, to return to his Court in the Space of Four-and-twenty Hours, as ill calculated to accelerate the Conclusion of Peace: Nevertheless to answer the Af-

Vol. 53.

furances of the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic, and to testify his Desire to seize their real Meaning, with respect to which he should be very sorry to deceive himself, he thinks that it would be more satisfactory to meet once more} and if the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic should be of the same Opinion, Lord Malmesbury would propose that this Meeting should take place at an earlier Hour than usual, in order that he may have Time to take such Steps as the Result of their Conferences may render necessary. He defines the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic to accept the Assurances of his high Consideration.

(Signed) Malmesbury.

Lijle, Sunday, Sept. 17, 1797.

N 49.

(G.)

TRANSLATION of a Note from th Plenipotentiaries to Lord Malmesbury, dated Lijle, 1 ft Complimentary Day, 5th Year.

The undersigned Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic, commissioned to treat of Peace with England, have the Honour to acknowledge the Receipt of the Note which the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty has transmitted to them this Morning. Referring to the Notes addressed to Lord shury on the 29th and 30th FruCiider, and especially to the First of Yesterday, they agree to the Meeting which Lord Malmesbury appears to desire, and propose the Hour at Noon.

They request Lord Malmesbury to accept the Assurances of their high Consideration.

(Signed) Treilhard.

Bonnier.

Lijle, 1 ft Complimentary Day,

5th Year of the French Republic.

(17th Sept. 1797.)

By the Ministers Piepipotentiary, the Sec. Gen. of the Legation,

Derchi.

N" 50.

DISPATCH from Lord Grenville to Lord Malmesbury, dated Downing Street, 22d September, 1797.

My Lord,

I have had the Honour of laying before His Majesty your Lordship's Dispatches, in which you have given an Account of the extraordinary Conduct of the new Plenipotentiaries of the French Republic, of the Answers given by your Lordship to their unjustifiable Demand, and of yourconsequent Departure from Lijle.

I have the Satisfaction to be able to assure your Lordship, that His Majesty has been pleased to express His entire Approbation of your Lordship's judicious and temperate Conduct in the unprecedented Situation in which you were placed, and of the Manner in which you expressed yourself, both in your official Notes, and in your Conversations with the French Plenipotentiaries, as well as of that in which you have conducted yourself during the whole Course of the Negotiation, which feemstoo likely to be now' brought to its Close.

As it appears, however, that some further Answer will probably be expected by the French Government to their late extraordinary Demand, notwithstanding the full anckconclusive Reply given in your Lordship's Notes, I have received the King's Commands to transmit to you the inclosed Draft of a Note, which it is His Majesty' *

r

3" Novembris.

A.

1797.

Majesty's Pleasure that youf Lofdship should transmit the Affurarices which he received so long ago, that it to the Plenipotentiaries at Lijle, by a Messenger whom appears possible to continue the Negotiation, which the 1 shall direct to be in lleadiness for that Purpose. Plenipotentiaries have so (trongly allured him that the

Right Hon Lord Malmesbury.

(Signed) Grenville.

N *

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the French Plenipotentiaries, dated London, 22d , 1797.

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary of His

Directory did not wish to break off, notwithstanding the Measures lately adopted with respect to him: A Measure which the Uftdersigned forbears to characterize, but which could not fail to produce in this Country the Impression of a Disposition by no Means pacific on the Part of the Directory.

The Undersigned is directed to add, that His Majesty would fee with real Regret the Certainty of the Existence of-such a Disposition, so little compatible with the ardent Desire with which He is animated to restore Peace to the Two Nations; but that if, without

tdniiick Majesty has rendered to his Court a faithful Ac- having Himself contributed to it on His Part, He should count of the Circumstances that have interrupted the Ert- again find Himself under the Necessity of continuing ercife of those important Functions which His Majesty the War, He will condoCt Himself upon every Occa-had been pleased to entrust to him. His Majesty has fion agreeably to the same Principles, doing every Thing deigned to honour with His entire Approbation the which can depend upon Him for the Re-establishment Answers which the Undersigned has already made to of Peace, but perfifling to defend, with an unlliaken the extraordinary and unexpected Demands which the Firmness, the Dignity of His Crown, and the Interests new Plenipotentiaries of the French Republic addressed of His People.

to him immediately upon their Arrival at Lijle. The Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Ma-

But in order to leave no Doubt respecting the Nature jesty requests the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French and Object of this Demand, the Undersigned has been Republic to accept the Assurance of his high Consider-

expressly ordered to declare, in the Name of his Court, ation

1. That the full Powers with which His Majesty had thought proper to furnish him for negotiating and concluding a Treaty of Peace, are conceived and expressed in the most ample Form, authorizing the Undersigned fully, and without Reserve, to sign any Treaty upon which he might agree with the French Plenipotentiaries, whatever its Nature and Conditions might be; conforming himself in all Cases to the Instructions which he might receive from his Court.

2. That these full Powers have been received and re-

London 2 2d of September, 1797.

(Signed) Malmesbury.

N° 52.

TRANSLATION of a Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord , dated

Lijle, 4th Vendemiaire, 5 th Year.

The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Repub-

cognized as sufficient, as well by the Plenipotentiaries lie, commissioned to treat of Peace with England, have with whom he has hitherto treated, as by the Directory received the Note, dated from London, which has themfel\ es, and that there is consequently no Room for been brought to them by an extraordinary Messenger, any new Discussion upon a Subject which has already from Lord Malmesbury. They have the Honour to been closed by common Agreement, and which more- answer to him, that their Note of the 29th over is not liable to any Doubt or Difficulty whatever; to which they refer, offered the double Assurance of every Thing which has been done hitherto upon this the settled Intention of the French Government to Subject, being entirely conformable to Customs long continue the Negotiations for Peace, and of its established and recognized by all the Nations oi.Eu- constant Determination not to agree to any other rope. Conditions than such as are compatible with the Dig-

3. That the Demand of the Directory therefore, in nity of the French Republic.

Reality, refers not to the full Powers of the Undersigned, A Peace, of which the Basis should be contrary to but to the Extent of his Instructions, of which the Di the Laws, or to the Engagements taken with its Allies, rectory could not, under any Circumstances, require would never satisfy the Hopes of the Nation. It is a any Communication, further than as the Undersigned Point from which the Executive Directory has never himself might judge such a Communication conducive departed, and upon which its/ Sentiments have never to the Success of the Negotiation; and that very far varied.

from being in a Situation to be called upon for any new Lord Malmesbury having formally declared in his

Explanations whatever, the Undersigned had every Notes of the 15th and 24th of July, and in the last: Reason to expect, from the repeated Communications Instance in that of the 17th , that he had

which had been made to him by the French Plenipoten- not the Powers necessary for restoring the Dutch and tiaries, that he should immediately receive a Contre Pro- Spanish Poflessions, occupied by the Troops of His Bri-jet, of a Nature to facilitate the further Progress of the tannick Majesty, tire Executive Difectory has given a Negotiation which had been suspended for more than new Proof of its Openness, and of its Desire to acce-Two Months. lerate the Conclusion of Peace, in requiring Lord

4. That the Court of London had good Reason to be Malmesbury to return to his Court, for the Purpose of

(till more astonished at the Substance of the new De- obtaining the Authority, without which he cannot mand made to the Undersigned; a Demand relating to conclude; a Measure rendered necessary by the Decla-Preliminary Conditions which had already been rejected ration of the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick at the very Commencement of the Negotiation, and Majesty, and upon which ii is impossible to give a from which the French Plenipotentiaries had in Effect wrong Impression to any thinking and impartial departed, by a formal Notification of the Measures Mind. 1

which the Directory were in consequence taking for The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic the Purpose of coming to some Arrangement with their request Lord Malmesbury to accept the Assurances of

Allies.

5. That it is therefore only by consenting to treat upon the Basis of the Project, detailed with so much Openness, which was presented by the Undersigned a few Days after his Arrival at Lijle, or by returning a Contre Projet of a conciliatory Nature, agreeably to

their high Consideration.

(Signed)

Lijle, 4th Vendemiaire, 5th Year of the Republic. (Sept. 25, 1797.)

‘Tralhard.

Bonnier.

Derchi,

38 Geo. III.

3° Novembris.

N 53 *

T R A N S L AT I O N of a Note from the French Plenipotentiaries to Lord bury; dated Lijleioth 6th

Year.

The Ministers Plenipotentiaries of the French Republic, charged to treat for Peace with England, have the Honour to inform Lord Malm that having sent a Copy of his last Note to their Government, the Executive Directory has directed them to declare in its Name, That it has never ceased to wish for Peace; That" it gave an unequivocal Proof of the Sentiment which animates it, when it ordered the Mfhifters Plenipotentiary of the Republic to require a categorical Explanation as to the Powers given by the English Government to its Minister Plenipotentiary; That this Demand had, and could have, no other Object but to bring the Negotiation to a speedy and successful Issue:

That the Order given to the Plenipotentiaries of the Republic to remain at Lijle after the Departure of Lord Malmesbury, is another Proof that the Directory had desired and foreseen his Return with Powers that should not be illusory, and the Limitation of which should no longer be a Pretext for delaying the Conclusion of Peace:

That such are {till the Hopes and Intentions of the Executive Directory, which enjoins the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the Republic not to quit Lijle till the continued Absence of the Negotiator shall no longer leave any Doubt of the Intention of His Britannick Majesty to break off all Negotiation: '

That consequently the 25th Vendemiaire (16th of October Old Style) is the Period fixed for the Recall of the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic, supposing that at that Time the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty shall not have arrived at Lijle.

The Executive Directory will feel the greatest Regret that a Reconciliation, already twice attempted, should not be perfected; but its Confidence, and the Whole of Europe, will bear it Testimony, that it is the English Government alone that will have inflicted the Scourge of War upon the Two Nations.

The Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic entreat the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty to accept the Assurances of their high Consideration.

(Signed) Fteilhard.

« Bonnier.

Lijle, ioth Vendemiaire, <

6th Year of the French Republic. ‘

(October 1, 1797.) '

The Sec. of the Legation,

N° 54.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Malmesbury to the French Plenipotentiaries; dated London,5th O 1797.

The Undersigned having laid before the King's Mi-niftry the Note of the Plenipotentiaries of the French Republic, is directed to observe to them,

That it is only in consequence of the formal and pofi-tive Injunction of the Directory that he quitted Lijle; That his Powers were neither illusory nor limited; And that nothing was omitted on his Part to accelerate the Negotiation, which has been only retarded by the Delays of the Directory, and which at this Moment is inly suspended by its Act.

Vol. 53 *

With regard to the Renewal of the Conferences, the Undersigned can only refer to his last Note, where he has explained with Frankness &nd Precision the only Means which remain for continuing the Negotiation; observing at the same Time that the King could no longer tfeat in an Enemyis Country, without being certain that the Customs established amongst all civilized Nations, with regard to Public Ministers, and especially to those charged to hQgotiate for the Re-establishment of Peace, would be respected for the future in the Person of His Plenipotentiary *

The Minister Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty requests the Ministers Plenipotentiary of the French Republic to accept the Assurance of his high Consideration.

(Signed) Malmesbury.

London,5th October 1797 *

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks -of

this House be given to Admiral Lord Viscount Duncan, for his able and gallant Conduct in the brilliant and de -cifive Victory obtained over the Dutch Fleet on the nth Day of October, as well as for the Zeal, Courage, and Perseverance, which he has uniformly manifested during the arduous Period in which he has commanded His Majesty's Fleet in the North Sea.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Vice Admiral Sir Baronet, and to the several Captains and Officers in the Fleet under the Command of Admiral Lord Viscount Duncan, who, by their Bravery and gallant Conduct, contributed to the glorious Success of that Day; and that Admiral Lord Viscount Duncan do signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente<, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Seamen and Marines on board the Ships under the Command of Admiral Lord Viscount Duncan, in the late glorious Victory over the Dutch Fleet; and that the Officers commanding the several Ships do signify the same to their respective Crews, and do thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Refo lutions to Admiral Lord Viscount Duncan.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring that His Majesty will be pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, to the Memory of Captain Richard Rundle Burges, of His Majesty's Ship Ardent, who fell gloriously in the Naval Engagement of the nth of October, when a decisive Victory was obtained by Ad miral Lord Viscount Duncan over the 'Dutch Fleet; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

fv Sabbati,

Day appointed for conii-dering the m.

Thanks to Admirals Lord Duncan Sir Rich. Onslow, &c.

Address fof erecting a Monument to Captain Burges.

v

H

Sabbati, 4 die Novenibris j

Anno 38 Georgii III " Regis, 17971 Prayers.

The King ap- TT ORD Charles Henry reported to the

attended by 1 jHouse, That His Majesty, having been waited upon

the House. (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know 1 His Majesty's Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock, at His . Palace of Saint Raines.

Answer to Lord Charles Henry Somerset also reported to the Address. House, That their Address of Yesterday (humbly desiring that His Majesty would be pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, to the Memory of Captain Richard Rundle Burges, of His Majesty's Ship Ardent, who fell gloriously in- the Naval Engagement of the nth of October, when a decisive Victory was obtained by Admiral Lord Viscount Duncan over the Dutch Fleet; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will' make good the Expence attending the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had ' commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

N&vembris. A. 1797 *

lowing Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of Friday last:

London, 5th Nov. 1797.

Sir,

lam honoured with your Letter of the 3d Instant, conveying to me the Resolutions by which the House of Commons, on that Day, manifested its unanimous Sense of the Services which myself, Sir Richard Onslow, and the several Captains, Officers, and Men, under my Command, rendered their Country on the 1 ith of OElo-ber last, which I shall not fail to communicate to them; and if, in fulfilling the Duties of my Station, I have been fortunate in rendering Service to my Country, I am raoft truly gratified, and feel the highest Satisfaction, not only in the Sense the House of Commons is pleased to entertain of my Conduct, but in the very flattering Manner in which you have done me the Favour to communicate the fame.

I have the Honour to be.

With the most perfect Respect and Esteem, Sir,

Your most obedient and

faithful humble Servant,

Duncan.

The Right Honourable Henry Addington, &c. &c. &c.

King's Speech considered.

Motion for a Supply.

To be con£-dered in a Committee *

King's Answer to Address.

Answer of Lord Duncan to Vote of Thanks.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 6° die Novembris;

Anno 38" Georgii III"1 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty upon Saturday last, with thefir Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My warmest Thanks for this loyal and dutiful Address, and for the Expressions of your affectionate Attachment to My Person and Government. The Assurances of your firm Determination to refill, to the utmost, the unwarrantable Pretensions and inordinate Ambition of the Enemy, afford Me the highest Satisfaction at this important Conjuncture: They juf-tify the Reliance which I have uniformly placed on the Vigour and Wisdom of your Councils, and leave Me no Room to doubt that the Strength and Resources of these Kingdoms will be effectually employed in supporting Our dearest Interests, maintaining Our happy Constitution, and vindicating the Honour and Independence of the Country.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had received, from. Admiral, Lord Viscount , the fol-

3

A Petition of John Fredrick Peter Schmiding was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BiH for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Purling, Esquire, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bradford Peverell, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners and other Proprietors, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, are otherwise inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests, such Division and Allotment would tend greatly to their Advantage, and also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Ashleyand Mr. Tucker Steward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Anthony Ashley Cooper, Earl of Shafttjbury, Baron Ashley of fVi Saint Giles, and Lord Cooper of and the humble

Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Rockborne, in the County of Southampton, and in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the

Schmidin 't Nat. Petition *

Bradford Pe-▼crell Inclosure Petition.

Rockbomo and Wich-bury Indo-sure Petition *

Southampton Church Petition.

Tad caller and Halton Dyal Road Petition *

38 Geo. III. 6" — 70

said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields, and-other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, are otherwise inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests, such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure would tend greatly to their Advantage, and also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. AJkley and Mr. 'Tucker Steward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-lirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purposes of a Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act, the Petitioners were empowered to take down and rebuild the said Church, and to borrow the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds for that Purpose; and that, by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Petitioners were authorized to borrow the further Sum of Four Thousand Pounds, to carry the Purposes of the first-recited Act into Execution; and that the Petitioners have caused the said Church to be built and completed, and the same has been consecrated, and Divine Service performed therein, but the Sums, borrowed by virtue of the said Acts, and £he Rate thereby authorized to be levied, have not been found sufficient for carrying the Purposes of the said first-recited Act effectually into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said recited Acts, in such Manner as to the House should seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. George Henry -Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed for the Care of the Turnpike Road leading from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, and also for repairing the Road from tajier, in the West Riding of the County of York, over Bramham Moor, through Kidhall Lane, over Win Moor, and through Seacroft, to a Place called Halton Dyal, where it comes into the Road between Selby and Leeds; and that, for the Purpose of amending the aforesaid Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, several Sums of Money have been borrowed, which still remain due, together with an Arrear of Interest, and also a considerable Sum for Work and Materials; and that the

Vox.. 53.

Novembfis 3 5

laid Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal cannot be completed and kept in sufficient Repair, and the Debts contracted on Account thereof be re-paid, unless the Term granted by the said Act of the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign be continued, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry

Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported-from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy j° die Novembris; . Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Pr A Y ERS.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer (Lord of the Manors of Eljled and Dieting, and Dumpford, in the County of SuJJ'ex) and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common or other Interests in the Common or Waste thereinafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the several Parishes of Eljled and Trotton, dr one of them, in the said County, a certain Waste or Common, called Eljled Marsh, containing, by Estimation, about Three hundred Acres, which, in its present State, is of little Value, but, if divided and inclosed, would be capable of great Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the said Waste or Common, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant

1

Committee to consider of the Motion for a Supply.

Schmidingf Nat. Bill presenteJ.

Elfled Inclo-iure Petition.

Report from Committee on tie Motion for a Supply.

Committee of

Supply appointed.

Estimates, &c. ordered.

Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

Guards and Garrisons.

Ordnance.

Reduced Officers.

Chelsea Out Pensioners.

Services not provided for.

Disposition of Grants.

Navy Debt.

Accounts ordered.

Advances made by the Bank to Government.

Navy, &c.

BiUi.

35 70 Novembris. A. 1797.

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Account of Bills registered on the Course of the Navy,

Mr. Bouverie of Northampton, and Mr. Sargent, do pre- Victualling, and Transport Offices, between the 31st of

pare, and bring in, the fame. December 1796 and the ift of November 1797; distin-

guishing the Amount of Bills registered in each Month,

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the and specifying which of them have been paid off.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Mortgaged ferred to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday Account of the Total Amount of mortgaged Actions 'last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Re- of the Bank of Vienna deposited in the Bank of Eng- Vienna, solution which the Committee had directed him to re- land, in Terms of the 5th Article of the Convention port to the House; which he read in his Place; and between His Britannick Majesty and the Emperor of afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Germany, signed Vienna. May 4th, 1795.

fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Commnnica-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of all Communications relative to the Measures taken YmperiaT That a Supply be granted to His Majesty. by his Imperial Majesty in Terms of the 4th Article Loan.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time; of the Convention with His Britannick Majesty (signed

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- . Vienna, May 4th, 1795) to give full and legal Effect mittee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted and Validity to the Loan guaranteed by the Parliament to His Majesty. of Great Britain, as well as to the Engagements for the

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, regular Payment of the Half-yearly Dividends which resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to will fall due in consequence thereof.

consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of

Account of the Amount of Imperial Stock, pur-Ordered, That an Eftiuiate of the Ordinary of the chafed by such Persons as his Imperial Majesty has Navy for the Year 1798, with an Estimate of the Half appointed (under the 8th Article of the First Oftroi,

Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers, dated Vienna, 8th of 1794) to lay out Annually of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be the Sum of f .60,000 Sterling; and also, the Interest kid before this House. accruing from the Stock which shall have been succes-

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what- lively bought, for the Purpose of keeping up an An-may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and r.ual Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the said Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and Annuities, other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed

to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Or- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Motion redinary, for the Year 1798, be laid before this House. Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, offi of'Ses Ordered, That an Estimate of, the Charge for Guards, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to dif- cretaryof Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1798, " charge the Debt contrafted upon His Civil List Re- ar Derail

Be kid before this House. " venues; and for preventing the same from being in ment. pMt~

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the " Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of N'g-

Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year 1798, " Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing

be laid before this House. " or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant " are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of such of " Lift," might be read, the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the And the same was read accordingly,

last War, who are to be on Halt Pay for the Year 1798, The House was also moved. That an Act, made in

be laid before this House. the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out- " An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1798, be " and Government, and of the Succession to the said before this House. " Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line,"

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not might be read, provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House. And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That there be kid before this House, an The House was also moved, That the Address which.

Account, shewing how thq Monies given for the Ser- upon Friday last, was agreed to by this House, to be vice of the Year 1797 have been disposed of, distin- presented to His Majesty, in Answer to His Majesty's guished under their several Heads. most Gracious Speech at the Opening of the present

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Session of Parliament, might be read.

Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the And the same was read accordingly.

30th September 1797. The House was also moved. That the Sixteenth

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Report, which, upon the 19th Day of July, in the His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this Committee, who were appointed to examine and state House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts. the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they flood Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council. thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793:

And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797,

Account of all the Advances made by the Bank of of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the England to Government, from the 25th Day of Fe- 5th of January T793; and of the Produce of the february last, to the ift Day of this Instant November, veral Taxes provided for defraying the inercafed Charge inclusive, distinguishing the Dates when, and the Heads of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to under which such were made, and also all such Pay- report their Observations thereon to the House: Like-ments as have been made to the Bank by Government, wife to examine and state the Amount of any un-during the above-mentioned Period; distinguishing the funded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of Dates, and stating the Balance (inclusive of Interest) January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of due to the Bank by Government, on the said ift Day the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of of November. January 1798, as far as the same can now be afeer-

Ordered, That there be kid before this House, an tained or estimated by the several Offices; together

with

Time limited for receiving Petitions.

/nfwer to Address.

ErnlSerton Tn-rlt-i'urc Petition.

38 Geo. Ill 70 — 8° Novembris.

with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and who were in-strudled to state an Account of the Prpgress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made as far as the same can at present be alcerta'tned, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who were also instructed to examin and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the Came have been effectual; and also what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Office of the Secretary of State for the War Department was, in Addition to the Offices of Secretary of State for the Foreign and for the Home Department, first established on the nth of July

17945 .

Mr. Secretary Dundas was heart! in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Question being put. That the Office of the Secretary of State for the War Department was, in Addition to the Offices of Secretary of State for the Foreign and for the Home Department first established on the nth of July 1794}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

? "" for Yeas, } 8.

Tellers for the: Noes, } 139.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Right honourable Henry Secretary of

State for the War Department, was, by accepting the fai l Office, rendered incapable of being elected to serve in Parliament, and ought not to fit in this House;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1

Mercuriiy 8° di,

Anno 38° Georgii III " Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

jDESOL VED, That this House will not receive any Petitions for Private Bills after the 9th Day of February next.

Lord Charles Henry Somerset reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, thetein fnentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; a,nd that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the

VOL. 53.

37

Parish of Emberton, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and'read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Open and Common Fields; are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and dispersed, and; in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments let out to the several Owners, and Persons into rested therein, in proportion to their respective Rights, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grotuids, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pracd the Earl Temple, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. fV'ilbeiforce reported from the Committee, to 'Tarfcaster and whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for the Care of the Turnpike Road leading from rcpoi-tecL110" *

caster to Halt on Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reigrt of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster, in the West Riding of the County of York, over Bramham Moor, through Kidhall Lane, over Win Moor, and through.

Seacrcft, to a Place called Halton Dyal, where it comes into the Road between Selby and Leeds, was read: And,

Mr. John Skelton being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, the Whole of which now remains due, together with nearly the Sum of f. 300 for Materials provided and VYrork done upon the said Road; that the Term granted by the said Acts is near expiring, and the Monies now due cannot be repaid, nor the said Road, kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And the Witness added, That it is necessary some Increase should be made to the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given' to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, palfed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. IVII-c berforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, defe> ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole re< *

House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned tdi Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

L Jovis,

3&

9° — to Novembris.

A.

797 *

Hdufe informed that the $hrewfbu>y Election Petition liad not been renewed *

Jovis, 9° die

Anna 38 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1797 *

Account of Navy, See. Bills registered, presented.

Marlborough

Writ.

Southampton Church Petition, reported.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker informed the House, That the Pet!- tion of John Hill, Esquire, presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament, complaining of the undue Election and Return of the Honourable William Hilly for the Borough of Shrewsbury (which Petition was depending before the House at the End of the last Session) had not been renewed in the present Session of Parliament; and that, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," Mr. Shaker had certified into the Court of Exchequer the Recognizance entered into before him, on the 28th Day of October 1796, by the said John Hilly and Sir

Richard Hilly of Harley Street, in the County of Middlesex. Baronet, and Clement of Devonshire

Place, in the same County, Esquire, in respect of the said Petition, and had also certified the Default which had been made in the Performance of the Condition of the said Recognizance.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, Victualling, and TranlpOrt Offices, between the 31st December 17.96 and ift November 1797; distinguishing the Amount registered in each Month, and specifying which of them have been paid off.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Honourable James Bruce, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff' of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to piss in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year Of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purposes of a Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Ridding being examined, said, That, by the said Act, the Trustees were empowered to take down and re-build the said Church, and to borrow the Sum of £. 5,000 for that Purpose.

Another Act, of the Thirty-third of His present Majesty's Reign was also read, whereby the Trustees were authorized to borrow the further Sum of 4,000, to carry the Purposes of the first-recited Act into Execution: Then,

Mr. Thomas Ridding being again examined, said; That the said Church has been built and completed; but the Sums borrowed by virtue of the said Acts, and the Rate authorized to be levied, have not been found sufficient for carrying the said first-recited Act effectually into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And that Mr. Amyatt and Mr. George

Henry Rose do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, on the Subject Matter of the Papers laid before their Lordships on Friday, the Third Day of this Instant November (by His Majesty's Command) respecting the late Negotiation for Peace.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Morgan, the Lord Headley, Mr. Long, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Baker, Mr. Bur don, Mr. Rose, Mr. Lygon, Mr. Htley Addington, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Glanville, Mr. , Mr. Pen-

ruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Hobart.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Sir Charles Morgan reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed on the Part of the Lords by the Earl Spencer; and that the Conference was to acquaint this House, that the Lords had agreed to an Address to be presented to His Majesty, to which Address the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at the same Time that the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Dundas upon Friday last, by His Majesty's Command, are ordered to be taken into Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lords define a Coo ferenwe.

House agree to a Couter-ence.

Mamirers

appointed *

Conference

reported.

\ Veneris, 10° die Novembris;

Anno 38 Georgii III. " Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Edwards, Account from the Governor and Company of the Bank of Prefeuted England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Account of Advances made to Government Advances t® by the Bank from the 25th February to ift November Goverument 1797: And also,

N x.

38 Geo. lit

' 4

io° Novembris.

39

Mortgaged

Actions.

Imperial

Stock.

Stone Inclosure Petition *

N° 2. Account of the Total Amount of mortgaged Actions of the Bank of Vienna, deposited in the Bank

of England: And also, , .

N° 3. Account respecting Imperial Stock.

And then.he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be. perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That, such a Number of Copies of the , laid Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Persons; whose Names are thereunto fubfpribed, was presented to the House; and real Purpose of all their Councils, and all their Measures, read; Setting forth, That there are, within Two cer- is at length Openly and publicly avowed'. It is to our

we have recognized Tour Majesty's invariable and un,-remitted Solicitude for our Prosperity and Welfare, while we have leen, on the other Hand, the most abundant Proofs of the Continuance of that Spirit of inveterate Animosity and desperate Ambition, on the Part of our Enemies, in which the present Contest first originated. Your Majesty's Conduct, characterized by an unexampled Moderation, Openneli, and Consistency, has left to the Enemy no Means of Evasion, no Subterfuge of Disguise or Artifice. It can.no longer.be denied that their Conduct is actuated by a fixed Determination of excluding all Means of Peace, and of purluing, at all Hazards, their hostile Designs against the Happiness and Safety of theje Kingdoms. Even the vain Pretence of pacific Dispositions is now abandoned, and the

tain Open Fields in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, called Stone Field and The several

Pieces or Parcels of Land, the Property of the Petitioners and others, and also several Baulks and Waste Lands, which, in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement but, if the same were divided, and specific Shares allotted to the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, accord-

Laws and Government that they have declared their irreconcileable-Hatred. No Sacrifice will content them but that of our Liberty, no Concession but that of our envied and happy Constitution.

Under such Circumstances, we feel the Duty which we owe in this great Crisis to God, and to our Country! Animated by the same Sentiments which Your Majesty has been pltafed to declare to Your People; and to the

ing to their respective Rights and Interests, the same World; attached to Your Majesty by Principle, Duty; might be inclosed and considerably improved: And and Gratitude, and sensible that it is only from Cou-therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in rage and Firmness that we can look either for present a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Pieces Safety or permanent Peace; we are determined to de-or Parcels of Land, in such Manner, and under such fend, with unshaken Resolution, Your Majesty'sThrbiie; Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think the Li ves and Properties of our Fellow Subjects, the proper. Government and Constitution of our Country, and i he

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Honour and Independence of the British Empire. W e jpurfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that know that great Exertions are necessary; we are pre-Sir Edward Littleton and Mr. John Pitt do prepare; and pared to make them: Arid, placing bur firm Reliance

Tidcaftrr and iUlton Dyai Road Bill, presented.

defer-

Papers re-

fp< cting the Negotiation, and Lords/>d> dress, coaL-dered.

bring in, the fame.

Mr; tVilberforce presented to the House according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next; resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the several Papers which were presented to the House, by i- Mr. Secretary Dmtdas, upon Friday last, by His Majesty's Command; and also, the Address of the Lords to His Majesty, communicated Yesterday at the Conference.

And the said Papers were read.

And the said Address was also read and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign *

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, have taken into our most serious Consideration the Papers which Your Majesty has been pleated to direct to be laid before us, on the Subject of the Negotiation into which Your Majesty had entered.

on that Divine Protection, which has always hithertp been extended to us, we will support Your Majesty to the utmost, arid starid, or fall, with our Religion, Laws, and Liberties.

Then the said Address being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was. proposed to be made thereto, by leaving Out from the Word ‘‘ assembled" to t he End of the Address, in order to insert these Words; " beg " Leave to return Your Majesty our most humble and, hearty Thanks for Your gracious Communication of the Papers respecting the late Negotiation entered " intb with the Government of France . *

" When we consider the various Calamities to which " Nations in aState of Hostility are necessarily expeied; we cannot but deplore the Continuance of a War " which has already ‘bccafioned such an Expence of " Treasure and of Blood to the Powers engaged in it; " and' we join most heartily in applauding Your Majesty's humane and beneficent Exertions for bringing " the same to a Termination:

" We trust that the Two Nations will fee the Wisdom and Policy of Ijpeedily renewing a Negotiation so favourable to the Interests of Humanity, and of concluding the War on Terms just in themselves; and honourable to the Parties interested, the only true Foundation on which a lading Pacification can " be expected: But if, unfortunately, such Hopes " should not be realized, and should the farther Prosecution of the War become necessary. Your Majesty " may be allured of the firm and unalterable Support " of Your faithful Coriimons, in making every Exertion that Gircumstances tfnay render necessary for " procuring a safe and honourable Peace, on Terms " confident with the Dignity of Your Majesty's Crown " and Kingdoms, and the Prosperity and efrential Interests of Your People."

And the said pfopol'ed Amendment was, with Leave of the House; withdrawn.

Resolved, Nettime Contradiceiiti, That this House doth

t<

<c

with the View of restoring to Your People a secure and agree with the Lords in the said Address to be present-honourable Peace. In every Stage of that Transaction ed to His Majesty.

Vol. 53. ‘ And

v.

40

x o° — 13° — 140 Novembris, 797.

House ad-jpurned.

Swaffham Bulbcck fn-ciosure Petition.

Newton Election — Petition of Mr. Pttten.

And the Blank therein was filled up with the Words u and Commons."

Ordered, That a Mcfiage be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lord ships, that this House hath agreed to the Address, to which the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House, and have filled up the Blank with the Words " and Comipons."

Ordered, That the Lord Hawkesbury do carry the said Message.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten'of the Clock.

Ltince, 130 die;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797 Prayers.

THE House met, and being epunted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Questfon fir It put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mar its, 140 die Novembris;

1

Anno 38 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1797. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Parish of ham Bulbeck, in the County of Cambridge, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, which might be greatly improved, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles-Torke and Mr. Praed do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Peter Patten, of Sank, in the County Pala-tineof Lancaster, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newton, in the said County, came on on Friday the 13th Day of September last, and was continued until, and ended on, T.uefday the 19th Day of the same Month, at which Election the Petitioner and Thomas Langford Brooke, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, in taking the Poll at the said Election, several Persons were tern dered and admitted to give their Votes on Behalf of the said Thomas Langford Brooke who had no legal Claim or. Title to exercise such Right, and that several Persons, duly qualified to vote, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, were rejected, and not allowed to vote; and that, after the Vacancy happened, and previous to,

and during the Time of the said Electiort, the said Thomas Langford Brooke, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, was guilty of many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, by giving divers large Sums of Money to several of the Electors of the said Borough, and by corruptly promising to the said Electors, or some of them, large Presents, Gifts, Advantages, and Rewards, in order to procure him, the said Thomas Lang ford Brooke, to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Thomas Langford Brooke, by himself. his Agents, Friends, and Managers, did, after the said Vacancy happened as aforesaid, and before and during the said Election, give, present, and allow, to divers Persons having Voice or Vote in the said Eieftion, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and Entertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, Rewards, Advantages, and Entertainments, to and for several so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and to and for the life, Advantage, Benefit, Profit, and Preferment, of such Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure him, the said Thomas Langford Brooke, to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and that, in consequence thereof, and of such llejedtion and Admission of Votes as hereinbefore Hated, a colourable Majority of Two Voices was obtained in Favour of the said Thomas Langford Brooke, who was thereupon returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, so the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes at such Election, and was duly elected and ought to have been returned, and also to the great Prejudice of the legal Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Name of the said Thomas Langford Brooke may be erased from the Return, and the Petitioner declared duly elected, or that they will grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Fortnight, the 30th Day of this Irvstant November, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Henry tVof Golborne, in the County of Lancaster, Fustian Manufacturer, and Peers Naylor, of Hay dock, in the said County, Ye:man? Two

of the Electors of the Borough of Newton, in the said County, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That the Election of a Burgess to serve in 'this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newton, in the said County, came on on Friday the 15th Day of September last, and was continued until, and ended on, Tuesdaythe 19th Day of the same Month, at which

Election Peter Patten, Esquire, and Thomas Langford Brooke, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, in taking the Poll at the said Election, several Persons were tendered and admitted to give their Votes on Behalf of the said Thomas Langford Brooke who had no legal Claim or Title to exercise such Right; and that several Persons duly qualified to vote, who tendered their Votes for the said Peter Patten, were rejected, and not allowed to vote; and that, after the Vacancy happened, and previous to, and during, the Time of the said Election, the said Thomas Langford Brooke, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, was guilty cf many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, by giving divers large Sums of Money to several of the Electors of the said Borough, and by corruptly promising to the said Electors, or some of them, large Presents, Gifts, Advantages, and Rewards, in order to procure him, the said Thomas Langford Brooke, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Thomas Langford Brooke, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Ma-8 ' . augers.

Newton Election — Petition oi Electors.

3 8 GeO» III I40 Novembris. 4 *

tugers, did, after the said Vacancy liappe'hed as aforesaid, and before and during the said Election give, present, and allow, to divers Persons having Voice or Vote in the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Gifts, Rewards, and Entertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Ptefehts, Rewards, Advantages, and Entertainments, to and for several so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and to and for the Use, Advantage, Benefit, Profit, and Preferment, of lueh Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure him, the said Thomas Langford , to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, in Consequence thereof, and of such Rejection and Admission of Votes, as hereinbefore Rated, ii colourable Majority of Two Voices was obtained in Favour of the said ‘Thomas Langford Brooke, who was thereupon returned as a Member to serve m Parliament for the said Borough, to the great Prejudice of the said Peter Patten, who had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes at such Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, and also to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and the other legal Eiedlors of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the House Will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Naine of the said Thomas Langford Brooke may be eraled from die Return, and the said Peter Patten declared duly elected, or that the House wiH grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time' that the taft preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursu&nce of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns

of Members to serve in Parliament, the like , Notices, as in former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

The Lord Hawkesbury reported to the Ftoufe, That he

had, pursuant to their Order, carried to the Lords the Address to which their Lordships on last de-

fined the Concurrence of this House; and had acquainted them, that this House had agreed to the fame; and that he had left the said Address with their Lordships.

Sir Philip Stephens, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented so she' House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1798: And also,

An ERimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed fd be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1798:

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary ERimate of His Majesty's Navy is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; - and the Abstract thereof, and the ' other ERimate, are as followed!; .

Vc t.

M ABSTRACT

Repo't of Address having been carried to' the Lords.

Estimate of Ordinary and Extra ot Navy presented.

42

140 Novembris.

4- 1797-

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1798.

N#

j. To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with I their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ——

2, Superannuated Sea Officers

3. Pensions, and other Allowances

£. 40,185 16 6

- 18,866 6

-1

4- Chatham - -- 4,200 5 —

S- Deptford ----- ---- 3,585 18 —

6. - Woolwich - -- -- - - 4,057 16 —

7. Yards - - - V Portsmouth - -- - - -- - 6,126 10 —

8, Sheerness - -- 2,434 8 6

S' . Plymouth - -- 4,946 7 8

jo. Muster Matter, and other Officers of the Out Ports ——

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Mooring, and of Harbour Rigging ——

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,!

Buildings, &c. - -- -- -- -J

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment ——

18. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Wounded Seamen ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1798 -

L- *

89,489 ij 1 59,052 2 6

25>35 5 a

7,238 6 11

43,093 11 1

40,® 10 1 8

27 547 -

184,475 -

132,000 ——

1 231 17 6

54,758 19 8

25,611 ——

689,858 19 7

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1798:

Six hundred and Eighty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence.

d. S. Ha IV" Rule.

C. Hope.

Geo. Rogers.

J. Henjlow. H. liar mod.

NAVY

o

r

CA

Cs>

NAVY OFFICE, 13th November 1797.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1798 *

D

to'

t — h

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

uo

00

o

w

o

Time when may be Charge of their

Place where. Guns. Ships XT imAO Building, or Nature of their Repair. TOTAL.

r s — \ t - - - .

Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls, Ma(ls> and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

L L L

Diptford - - - - 5° Firm - - m - Building ----- - In Hand - % - January 1798 - - 3,39° — 3,39°

74 Courageux - m - Building ----- - In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - 6,600 — 6,600

36 Ametbyjt - - - Ordered to be built - 5,180 — 5,180

32 Juno - - fBetween Small and Mid-7 I dling Repair - -3 In Hand - - - January 1798 - - 3 250 — 3.250

Sloop Discovery - - - - Large Repair - - - - February 1798 - Uncertain - - - 3.340 — 3.34°

74 New - - - - Ordered to be built - — — 1,000 — 1,000

32 New - - - - Ordered to be built - — — 3,000 — 3,000

For such Ships as may ,be ordered to be repaired in the Course of 17.95° — 17,95°

Woolwich - - - - 98 Ocean - Building ----- - In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - 5.120 J.I20

- 74 Plantagenet - - - Ordered to be built - — — 1,540 . — 1,540

38 Amazon - - - Building ----- - In Hand — Uncertain - - - 10,370 3,800 14,170

— Hyena - A - - - Ordered to be built - - - — . — — — 4,500 3»5°° 8,000

36 Inconjlant - - - Middling Repair - - - Uncertain - Uncertain - 7.79° 3»6 5° 11,440

Fireship Comet - - - - Middling Repair - - - Uncertain Uncertain - - - 3.260 1,760 5,020

For such Ships as may be ordered in the Course of the Year to 6,000 — - 6,000

Chatham - - 74 Revenge- -Ordered to be built - — — 6,500 — 6,500

3 Ablive- - - Ordered to be built - - - ' — 3,800 — 3>8oo

Leda - - - - Ordered to be built - - - 3,800 — ' 3,300

64 Africa - Middling Repair - - - January 1798 May 1798 - - 12,500 2,790 15,29°

32 Blonde - - - - Middling Repair - - - January 1798 April 1798 - - - 7,°3° u 0 11,910

98 New - - - - Ordered to be built - — 1,000 — - 1,000

74 New - - - - Ordered to be built - — — 1,000 — 1,000

For such Ships as may be ordered in the Course of the Year to be repaired - - 33,000 7>7°° I 40,700

Cf1

r

4

D

cq'

i — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

c§

FT

If- — . - Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Building, or Nature of their Repair.

SheerueJs - - - - 5° Antelope Building ——

20 Perjeus - - - Great Repair - -

Pertsmouth - - - - Dreadnought Building ——

74 New - - - Ordered to be built - -

Sloop New - - - - Ordered to be built - -

74 Elephant - - Middling Repair -

74 Fortitude - - - m Middling Repair -

Sloop Brijk 2 - - - - C Between Small and Mid-7 t dling Repair - - - )

% Ariel - - - - Middling Repair -

Plymouth - - - - 120 Caledonia - Ordered to be built

1 IO Hibernia - - - Building - -

80 Foudroyant - - - Building ——

98 V/itidjorCajlle - - - Very Small Repair - - .

38 Tor/« - - Very Small Repair -

32 Iphtgenia - - - Small Repair - -

- Sloop Atalanta - - ip- Very Small Repair -

54 Hindcjlan - - - Very Small Repair -

Sloop Mufetle m Small Repair - -

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

Charge of their

Completed.

In Hand -Uncertain

In Hand - -

January 17 98 July 1798 -

January 1798 July 1798 -

In Hand In Hand -January 1798 - -May 1798 - -

September 1798 -May 1798 - -

July 1798 - -

September 1798 -

Uncertain -Uncertain -

Uncertain -

June 1798 -December 1793

June 1798 -December 1798

Uncertain -March 1798 May 1798 -

August 1798 November 1798 1798 -August 1798 November 1798

Total for the Ships in the King's Yards - - - £.

Hulls, Mads, and Yards.

L

6,300

4»7c°

10,000 3,006 2,000 15,940 14,000

2,280

2,520

6.500 11,650 10,580

7>°3°

4>S5°

3.500

820

4,24a

1 650

262,180

Rigging and Scores.

2,700

2,300

t,020

3.47°

3.360

>>090

i 3i0

4

4,270

4,120

3> 9°

2,380

1,240

2,830

i>35°

62,820

TOTAL.

I-

9,cco

7,000

10,000

3,coa

3,020

19,410

17.360

3.370

3 40

6,500 11,650 14,850 11,150 7,840 5,880 2,060 7,070 3,000

325 )00

r

so-I T *

O

MERCHANTS YARDS.

<e 0 r c £

River Thames - - - 74 Ajax - - - Building ----- - In Hand - - - March 1798 . - - - 7.43® 19,220

u Dragon - - - - Building ----- - In Hand - - -' February. 1798 - - 15,910 7.430 23.340

— Renown - - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - - February 1798 - - 12,400 - 7.430 9.830

— Northumberland - - Building ----- - In Hand - - - May 1798 - - - 6,350 7.430 13.780

' — Kent ----- Building - - - - In Hand - - - February 1798 - - 7»35° 5,020 12,370

— Superb ----- Building ----- - In Hand - - - February 1798 - - 12,200 7.640 19,840

Sloop Proposed to be built for JVirw South Wales - — 3.84° 2,010 ' 5,850

Gravesend - - - - 74 v - - Building - - - - In Hand - - - February 1798 - - 12,200 7,640 19,840

Shoreham- - - - Sloop Pbeafant - - - - Building ----- - In Hand - - - January 1798 - - 710; — — 710

Harwich - - - 74 Conqueror - - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - - February 1798 - - 20,500 8>5io 29,010

Bucklerfhard- - - - 74 Spencer - - - - Building - - - '- - In Hand - - - April 1798 - - - 12,710 6,670 19,380

Sloop New ----- Building ----- - In Hand - - - January 1798 - - 880 ,99° 3,870

Burfledon - - - - 36 New Building. ----- - In Hand - - - December. 1798 - - 12,960 3,440' 16,400

Mifleythorn. - - - - 3 Amfhion - - - - Building - - - In Hand - - - March 1798 - - S,r9o 3,350 8,540

Ipswich ----- Sloop New ----- Building ----- - In Hand - - - January 1798 - - 880 — — . 880

Lynn - - - Sloop Building ----- - In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - 1,890 — — 1,890

Milford Haven - - - 74 Milford - - - - Building ----- - Uncertain - - Uncertain. - - - 8,340 — — 8,340

44 Lavinia - - - - Building ----- - Uncertain - - Uncertain. - - - 4,500 — — 4,500

2J Sloop New ----- Building - - - - Uncertain - - Uncertain - - - 4,500 — — ' 4»5oo

Total - - - 155,100 76,996 232,090

Total for the Ships in the King's Yards- - - - - 262,180 62,820 325,000

1 Grand Total for the Ships > 417,280 139.810 — 557,090

c-n *

38 Geo. IlL 14° Novetnbris

eg'

f — h

N'

CD

a

a

o

o

0

OQ

FT

Woolwich Chatham Portsmouth

Plymouth ..

A

On WORKS of the YARDS.

To complete the Inner Mali Pond, with the Store Mast-houses over the Locks ——

To carry on the Walls, &c. of the new Storehouse - -

To carry on the Works of the Docks and Basons, agreable to Brigadier General Plait -

To carry on ioo Feet running of Stone Wharf, West Front of New Ground - -

To complete the Stone Wharf at South Side of Boathouse Channel - -

To complete the new Jetty on the North Side of South Dock

To blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill ——

Towards building the Wharf Wall of the large South Jetty Head and Landing Place - -

To digging the Rock at the Back of the Officers new Offices and Slopes - .

To building the new Store Boathouses -

To erecting a new Flight.of Stairs leading down the Yard fronting the Commissioners Lodgings -

Towards building the East Cross intermediate new Storehouse -

Towards building dope Walls and Stairs, &c. the Back of the Officers new Offices

To building a new Painter's Shop agreeable to the Plan ——

To digging away the Rock that the old Rope House Rood on, and Sail Green -

Towards building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock at the East End of the Plank Houses, that stand over the Mast Locks oad in Front of the said Houses. - -

To1 building a R fervoir for receiving the Water brought to the Yard Gates - - - - .

to form the

Total

Total for the Ships brought forward

Grand Total

ABSTRACT.

' ' ' Forth# Ships-in His Majesty's-Yards- -

For the Ships in the Merchants Yards -Towards the Improvements in the Yards , r

5Hulls.....262,180?

Rigging and Stores - - - 02,8203 5 000

JHulls - - - - 155,1007

( Rigging and Stores - - - 76,990 32>°9°

82,440

Grand Total

£ 639,530

Viz.

The Sum 6( Six hundred Thirty-nine thousand Five hundred and Thirty Pounds.

d. S. Ilaniond. C. Hope.

J. HenJIozv. Wn Rule.

II. Ilarm Geo. Rogers.'

13.000

4.45°

45.000

4>3°°

250

1.000

500

2.000 500

3.000 1,600

2.000

1.000

2.000

1,000

o *

140 Novemlris. A. 1797.

"The Lord intend to be at St. James's at Tomorrow.

Accounts relented s

VOL.

38 Geo. III. 140

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. tVilmot and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have Commanded us to acquaint this House, That His Majesty has appointed Three o'Clock Tomorrow, at His Palace of Saint , to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament j and that the Lords intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Exchequer, attended' at the Door; he was called

47

in} and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ending the xoth of October 1797} distinguishing each Quarter, and distinguishing also the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794. 1795, 1796, and 1797 s And also.

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 10th of October 1797.

And then he Withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz *

A *

v

T *

Produce of Taxes.

Consolidated

Fund *

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

To the Honourable the Knights Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the T AX ES for One Year, ending the 10th of October 1797; distinguishing each Quarter 1 And distinguHhing affo

the DUTIES imposed in 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796 and 1797.

Consolidated CUSTOMS, after deducing £. 29,169. t, 5. computed Quarterly Sum to be carried 7

to the Duties pro Anno 1706 - - - 1

----- ----- -EXCISE..... - . - - - - \

£ reserved oat of Paper Duty Anno 1794, Average Quarterly Produce of former 7

Duties then repealed - - J

£ 9,000. reserved out of Spirit Licences Anno 1794, Average Quarterly Produce of former 7

Duties then repealed - - - f

Consolidated STAMPS - - -.....- - - - \

£ 2,369. 17. 9. reserved out of Duties on Hats Anno 1796, Average Quarterly Produce of former Duties then repealed

£ 32,15 a reserved oat of Bills and Receipts Anno 1794, Average Quarterly Produce of former

Duties then repealed ... £.10,269. 15- reserved out of the Legacy Duty Anno 1796, Average Quarterly Produce of former Duties then repealed j

INCIDENTS: £'

Consolidated Letter Money, being the Average Quarterly Produce of that Duty prior to the Year 1795

Seizures -Profers -Com portions

Alum Mines

6 d. Deduction on Pensions -1 i. - D° - - Salaries -Hawkers and Pedlars -Hackney Chaches and Chairs, 1711 D® - -- -- - 1784 Four Wheeled Carriages Two - D - D°

House and Windows -

Inhabited Boufcs -First Frdits of the Clergy Tenth> D® -Lottery Licences.

Arrears of Waggons -

D® - - Carts -

D° - - Men Servants.

D° - - Female Servants «

D° - - Houses and Windows 1747 and 17c Rent of a Light House -Horses ..

Male Servants -

Alienation Duty -

5th January

797-

d.

909.485 4

1,862,520 2 18,750 — _

si

si

3,000 — —

271,809 ——

877 ——

32,150 — 5,599 — —

3.104,190 6 11

102,639______ —

111,538 18 111 5,948 5 —

3 5 9

23,525 ——

n,399 ia — i

500 — _

2,800 MM

3, OCO — -r. 44,600 3 *

17.239 19 7 |

,07>953 6 3 a 47 339 «7 1

' 4 —

37.91 f 10 — 29.992 19 5

546,426 11 4!

fa the Q.U A R T E R S ended

5th April

1797.

£' d.

658,189 15 21

1,440,935 10 10 f 18,750 — —

270,762 — —

4.837 3 3

32,150 ——

5,3,9 ——

2,430,943 .19 4

102,639 — — 82.607 15 7

3.173 8

22 18 -

/ 3 4

480 — —

9.000 — — .

3.500 -

1,320 ——

3.000 — —

2.500 — —

23-359 I 21

5759 9 5 53.555 7 4i

30,379 10 2 1

20 16 — 1 18 —

4 J —

13.187 12 13,405 13

7

347.909 1 6

5th July

>797 *

£ . d.

S >o38 , 6

.95 . 364 18___|

18,750___

1°2 630 _

SH i

'4 6

10,000

,0'534 1.

720 3.000 ___ — 2.800 5'.6i4 7-

1,807 °

,27»S> 1

53'!9 6 if

74

6

a 16 ,

6 12

37.6,0 x\

37.876 ,

7 1 £

02,639_____

00,383 ,s.

'T 3

__ 83 12 £

480 2,000 — __

7. 00 _ __

2.125 — ._

3.500 -

3.500 _ __

3fi78' 7 4$ " 92 14 I| 32,846 19 gi ___34.8634

8 »

9 1 —

9 5

H.323 8 .1 3.718 10 Q1

Id the Y E A R ended 10th October

797-

3,089,048 16 10 7,003 915 15 »i 75,000 — —

36,coo — — 1,1:9,748 19 10 10,454 8 9

128,600 — —

37,236 18 10

11,510.004 19 41

410.556 ——

380,909 2 1

19 85 A Si 645 16 j

960 — —

54.525 ——

32,434 6 61 4,665 — — 12,300 — — 11.800 — —

S°'3S5 3 i; 51.100 6 7$ 321,866 13 4 ‘

166,474 ,3 |

3 833 9 7!

\ 9.862 5 8

42 10 6 5 — 3

4 »6 3

6 3 4

OO

14 Novembris. J- 1797

D U T I E S pro Anno 17935

o

r British Spirits

Foreign

DUTIES pro Anno 1794:

Sugar 1791 ....

Game Duty - - - - " "

Bills and Receipts, after refenring the computed Quarterly Average Produce of former Duties as

a fore laid -

£. 10. per Cent. 1791 ——

British Spirits, 1794 -

Foreign D - - - - -

Spirit Licences, after reserving the computed Quarterly Average Produce of former Duties as

aforesaid -

Glass . ....

Bricks and Tiles 5 Excise....

D° - - - Customs - - , ——

Paper, Excise, after reserving the computed Quarterly Average Produce of former Duties as

aforesaid -

D# - Customs ——

Slates - - - '

Attornies Articles

c

o

cq'

N

CD

Q.

cr <

n

DUTIES pro Anno 1795:

British Spirits -

Foreign Du - -

Wine....

Sweets - - - - . -

Cocoa -....

Stamps....

Ship Policies ——

Hair Powder Certificates ——

Receipts - - - - 9....

Fruits, See. ——

Tea..... -

Coals ——

Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Quarterly Increase of Revenue, by Reason of the!

Rcilridtion of Franking by Act 3$ Geo. III. j

6>9'1 48,755 1 1 1 1 ~ '+ ON tr, K W N 22,300 — — 39,517 — 4.799 — — 3,592 69,313 — 39.778 — -

55,663 — 63,225 — 61,817 — — 28,391 — — 209,101 — - —

145,027 4 5 11,004 2 7 4,924 8 10 125,484 2 II 286,439 18 9

4-931 7,458 >'77 4>055 15 — 18,6 1 15 —

I, IOI — — 5,046 3,637 — — 42,036 8 — 51,820 8 —

38>'9S 4 Sf 8.225 4 9J 43,089 16 61 16,324 4 7 105,834 10 4!

6,079 36,002 23,247 — — 4,090 69,418 —

50,638 30,515 29,512 — — 3>327 133 >992

— — 35,000 — — 41,500

8,688 ,5,525 9,5,o — 12,064 — — r 43.787 —

28,23-9 6,768 — — 940 14,943 50,890 — —

5 9 ~ 54 — S 1 100 18 4 2 7° 7, 9 r

18,193 — — 19,092 16.997 1 43 75 525

2,321 17 61 6 2,183 7 — T 1,015 5 8 5,526 10 3

3 55 6 1,842 — 10 3,151 16 io| 4,000 3 21 12,149 9 fi

4,294 3,861 — — 4.095 6,216 — 10 18,466 — IO

310,87813 u j 43.344 8 2? 143,618 9 9 309,899 18 6 914,241 10 si

5,188 — 36,249 — — 3,651 3,241 68,329

51.887 — 29,052 29,364 24,914 — — 135,2.7

35,787 — 61,729 32,945 94,529 224.990 — —

980 — — 929 ,673 2,361 — 5.943

8,214. — — ? 5.592 4.920 5,367 24,093

10,017 — 10923 ' 11,102 — 13,128 8 2 45-170 8 2

23 458 — 19,297 26,021 — 27,833 14 6 96 609 14 6

6,647 — — 6.7+7 — — 83,295 87,068 13 7 83-757 3 7

1,172 — — + 1,660 — — 1,272 — — 2,571 6 9 6,675 6 9

35,24212 1 12,409 5 9 20,909 l6 IO 2!,895 5 4 90,457

50,020 — — 1,812 — — 98 643 $i.3n7 21 1,832 — —

9,119 7 ij 756 18 3 4-354 6 8 j 5,321 12 11 \ 9.55 5 — i

10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — - 10,000 — — #4C,000

247>73 19 2 f 197,156 4 — 348,150 3 359,588 1 3 \ 1,152,626 8 — £

1 '( Ct.iihiaa.J

38 Geo. III. 140 Novembris.

o

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

OQ

DUTIES pro Anno 1796:

Horses - . - . - -'

Tobacco ——

Horle Dealers Licences ——

Wines, Excise - - - . - -

Wines, Customs - -

Sweets - - - _ -

Legacies, after reserving the computed Quarterly Produce of former Duties as aforesaid.

Hats.....D°..... D° -

Two Shillings additional Duty on Horses ——

D gs- - - .

£. 10. per Cent. ——

The computed Quarterly Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Wade on Salt -Taken out of the Consolidated Customs, the computed Quarterly Saving to the Public on Account 1 oi thtRedudion on the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar - - J

DUTIES pro Anno 1797:

Duty on Pepper ——

£. 20. per Cent. - - - _ -

British Spirits , ——

Foreign D° ——

Auctions

Deeds ——

Cocoa - - - -.- -

£. 5. per Cent. Customs -

huge Coaches - .- - -

Sugar ——

Bricks - - - - - .

Tea - - - . - T - . - - - -

Surplus of Consolidated Letter Money, after reserving the several Sums of £. 102,639 and £. io, ooO,'

pursuant to Att 37 Geo. 111. - -

TOTALS:

TOTAL of - CUSTOMS, EXCISE, and STAMPS -

D°

D°

D°

D

D°

D°

INCIDENTS

- - - DUTIES pro Anno 1793

- ..... 794

..... 79S

..... - - 1796

.....17 97

Exchequer, the 14 1 Day ot Xwemuer 1797.

In the Q U A R T E R S ended *

r 5th Januar.y 5th Apr.il 5th Juur

1797. 797- 1797.

£ ' J- 16,530 44,637 342 97>3H 57,252 12 8± 985 £. d. 4,230 39 5l 277 »55S 49,860 7 6 957 £. s. d. 33,635 39,968 221 98,109 70,329 l6 11 i ,729

18,175 — — 4 77° " 27,478 15 8 i - 8,000 — — 13,978 6 9 4,520 >5 5 8,517 8 6$ 8,000 — — 8,551 2 3 35.595 29,970 45,713 u 6 8,000 — —

29,169 1 5 29,169 1 5 29,169 1 5

304,653 910 163,100 4 2! 400,990 12 1 J

1 l 1 l l l I 1 l 1 I l 0 u >« j Mill 1.1 I 1 1 1 1 31,831 — 23,958 — 2,242 — _ 14,853 — i.3'4 500 — - 6 3,0-5 5,093 14 8 12,361 23,466 21,906 9>44S 20,97s 651 10.878 — — 24,653 10 10 271 117,319 — — 33,361 — , —

10,361 95.227 '5 21 262,lo

3,104.190 6 11 546.426 11 4! 55 C6S 310,87 8 13 2-17,7;! 19 21 3C4 6s 3 9 10 10,361 — — 2,430,913 19 4 347>9°9 ' 6 63,225 143,343 8 2 f 197,156 4 — 163,100 4 95,227 15 2? 2,582,017 18 3 J 570,580 — 10 61,817 — — 143 618 9 9 348150 3 6 { 400, 90 1 2 2 I 262925 to 10

4,579,910 1 31 3.440,906 12 4.5-0099 15 5

Mano'-"':

In the shove Account, where the several Sums set a-art as the Average Prct'uce of Rcpcnicd Duties exceed v.hat is d-retted to he rr.eived Quarter'v, it is to make good iorr.u: Dtutittitit's j and where lcls, the whole Sum taken ha. been appl.td.

10th October

797-

£' r. d.

12,103 — —

37,469 ——

327 «I 9

3,124 ——

7I>4°5 12 7 3,444 ——

26,881 |g 7,850 __

8,450 ——

29,169 ,

227.27i 9 61

19.301 18

2,000 ,

4.481

3.790 ,

>0,118

108,467 15

__ «74

4 041 2

> 0,454 7

7-7C2

4 939 — ,

38,361 — -

39» ,5 30 3

8 2 -

3VoV2 ,+ 10

|°9,:,‘>9 18 6t 3 59 9 8 . *

In the Y E A R ended 10th October.

1797 *

66,495 — — 161,585 — —

1 167 11 9

201,102 — —

248,848 9 9 \

6,115 ——

494 1 8 —

66,140 ——

44,7 5 ——

101,760 — 7 32,000 ——

116,676 5 8

1,096,015 15 9 i

19,301 18 3

2,000 — —

59:778 ——

69654 — 21,805 — — 144,295 15 6

2,839 ——

500 — 6

27 994 2 8 150,202 2 9

7 973 ——

159 258 ——

94 -144 ——

760,044 19 8

11 510,004 19 831,606 12 200,101 -

CJT

o

J nines

Q5

5-

VOL. 53.

To the Honourable the-Knight?, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charces upon, the CONSOLIDATED FUND, for the Quarter ended the loth of October 1797,

1 N C O M E.

Customs Excise Stamps Salt -

Letter Money by Act 37 Geo. III. Ditto - - by Ditto -

Surplus of Letter Money -Alum Mines ——

Seizures ——

Profers ——

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Hackney Coaches - , - -

Houses and Windows - -

Houses ——

w

Male Servants -

Horses ——

Four Wheeled Carriages -

Two Wheeled Ditto - -

t$d. per Lib. on Pensions Ditto - - Salaries

CD

CBritishi Spirits, 179 *

CT

Foreign Ditto Sugar -

Bills and Receipts -Surplus of Ditta *

FT

4 036 8

£ . d.

1,286,106 8 9

1,724,299

301,187 19 10

"\ 100,383 15 7

: 148,000 — —

J 480 — —

1,241 17 6

283 12 6

1,910 — —

' 7,000 — —

m - 29,84.6 19 61

34.863 '9 2

13,718 19 9|

>45 3 8 5}

30.781 17 4[-

6,292 14 2i

12, COO

7, COO

4,799

23.592

125,484 2 11

74.186 8 —

— J

£- 3.947,982 3 9

H

R

E.

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities, 2-7ths Excise, for 2 and 3 Lives, for 3 Months, due 10th October 1797 - - - . *

- - - /.3,700 per Week, Excite, with the Salaries to the Olhcers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for 3 Months, due 10th October 1797

- - - Anno 1706 - - - with Ditto - -- -- -- - - Ditto - .

- - - 1707 ----- with Ditto - - - -- - - -- -- - - - - Ditto - - - „

- - - Per ill Act 1708 - - - with Dirto - -- -- - - -- - - Ditto ——

- - - — 2d Act 1708 - - - wi'h Ditto.. ..... - Ditto....

- - - On Lives, with Benefit of Survivorship - -- -- -- - for 6 Months, Ditto -. _

- - - - In Clalies, by Act 29 Geo. III. ----- ----- ----- - - for Ditto - Ditto - .

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuity and Management on /. 24,065,084. 13. Ilf, their present Capital, for 3 Months, due 10th October 1797.

BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuivy, on their Capital of £. 4,000,000, at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. purchased of the South Sea Company, for 3 Months, due 10th October 1797 -

- - '- on their Capital of £. 3,201,000, at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. due Ditto..- - - .

- - - 500,000 - - Ditto - -- -- -- Ditto - ....

. . — 1,250,000 - - Ditto - -- -- -.---..---1-- - Ditto -....

- - - — 1,750,000 - - Ditto - -- ----- ----- - Ditto - -

- - . — __- 986,000 - - Ditto - -- -- -- Ditto ——

£ d.

830,000 — —

- - . at £per Cent, per Ann. on the Principal Sum of £. 36,100,000 for Half a Year, to 10th October 1797 - - -

- - - For answering and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time, after abating £. 114 l r. 6 d. for the Half

of £. 228. 3 s. in respect of £, 507,000, purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt before the 10th October 1797 ——

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity at £.\ per Cent, due the said 10th October 1797, on £ 764,861. 5 /. 10 d. being the Amount of the Annuities to which the Proprietors of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills delivered up to be cancelled, pursuant to the Act 37 Geo. III. are entitled - - "

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity, at £. 4 per Cent, due the said 10th October 1797, on £. 104.432. 5 s. 8 d. being rite Amount of the Annuities to which the Pro prietors of Exchequer Bids delivered up to be cancelled, pursuant to the said Act 37 Geo. III. are entitled For answering and paying Hall a Year's Annuity, at £.4. per Cent, due the said 10th October 1797, to such of the Contribuiors towards raising 14,500,000, granted by an Act 37 Geo. III. towards the Supply of the Year 1797, as have completed their whole Payments on /. 1,865,263. 17 j. 9! d, on or before 7th October 1797 ——

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity on £. 41,540,073. i6j. 4 d. in reduced /Annuities due the said 10th October 1797 -

lor satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time, after abating the Sum of/. 1,406 10 s. being asur ihc Rate of /.450. per Million, on the Principal Sum of/. 6,250,000, purchased by the Commrtlioners for the'Reduction of the

National D- bt before the 5th April ....

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity due the said 10th October, on /. 4,500,000, granted by an Act 36 Geo. III. for /. s. d.

railing/. id,00:,000 fur the Service of the Year 1796 - -- - 67,500 — ____

For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities for 2 Years, due the said 10th October 1797 - - 4,050 — —

9,223 8 6

839 223 8 6

15,297 4 6

2,088 12 11

37 305 5 6|

27,894 7 6

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity, due the said loth October 1797, on /. i,8gc,62c, to which r , R,

w,»j . * w in , . — , s-kerfuiriu »'.&>

having b.en forfeited by lundry Persons not completing their whole Payments - 0 1 5'375

iJuSatlober tH! °.fMan.aSem:nt the said Annu, tles' on £ r. 7 per Ann. 'for if Year', due the

' _ ''' >. 55 4 1°'-

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity, due the said io.h October 1707, to such of the Contr;i„., A« r. „ 7

pursuant to the 2d Act 37 Geo. III. for the Serv.ce ol the-Year ,797. as made good their whole. Payments on or before[he7S 797-

623,101. Z |i 7.9+0 s 4

71,550 ——

29,149 12 41

82,121 7 I

Carried over - -

d.

2,048 J 8 —

7 9 ?7 11 8

6,181 2 !o'-

2,038 —

I>2 9 13 1i

2,649 6 3i

270 ——

21,431 — 6

'83.993 13 5i

30,174 10 ioi

25,000 — _

3,750 ——

9 375 ——

13.125 ——

7,401 ——

89j,9>4 i> 5?

813,862 6 11

2,024,701 15 9

c-n

38 Geo. III. 140 Novembris.

oOO

INCOME, continued. Brought over - -

..... ..... — r ——

Game Duty - -....

10 per Cent. - . - ....

British Spirits, 1794 - ....

Foreign Ditto - - - -....

Attornies Articles -....

Glass ....

Bricks (Excise) - - -.....- - .

Ditto (Customs) - - ....

Paper, Ditto - - ....

Slates and Stones ....

Distillers Licences ..... 9,000 . - .

Surplus of Ditto - - 35,000 - . -3

Paper (Excise) ..... 18,750 - . 1

Surplus of Ditto.....21,243 - . j

British Spirits, 1795

Foreign Ditto - - ....

Cocoa, Sec.

Tea.....i....

Fruit, See. -.....a....

Coals, &c. ....

Hair Powder Certificates....

Wine ....

Sweets ——

Ship Policies -.....- - .

Receipts....

Stamps ——

Tobacco, Sec. - - - 1796 a....

Horse Dealers Licences

OQSalt....

FT

3,947,982 3 9

4,055 15 — 16,324 4 7

4,090 ——

23.3 7 ——

6,216 — io

12,064 ——

14,943 ——

100 18 4

->,015 5 8

4.000 3

44,000 -- —

39.993 ——

3,241 ----- -:

24,914 ——

5.367 — —

6,.3S7 ——

2I 895 S + 5,3 1 12 87,068 13 94,529 — 2,361 — 27,833 14 2,571 6

13,128 8

37,469 —

3 7 »'

8.000 — -

CHARGE, continued.

Brought over - -

For answering and paying the Annuities granted for 99, 98, 80, 78, 77, 75§> 6j|, 66£, and 65 Years, grown due for the Half Year ended the 10th October 1797 - - - . - . - - - .

For satistying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time ' . . ....

£. ' 426,515 19 2 4,798 6 1

For answering and paying the Annuities granted for 64J Years by an Act 36 Geo. III. for the Half Year ended 10th October 1797 - 29, 50 — 43 >3 4 5 3

For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management, at £.658. 2 /. 6 d. per Ann, for 2 Years, ended the said 10th October 1797 1,316 5 —

For answering and paying the Annuities granted for 63 { Years by Act 36 Geo. III. for the Half Year ended 10th October 1797,

the Annuity of £. 42. 12 s. 6d. Part thereof being forfeited by certain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments - - 10,291 3

For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, at £. 231. 11/. per Ann. for Year, due Ditto - . 347 6

30,566 5 —

10,638 10 3

14 9-9 12 6

For answering and paying the Annuities granted by an Act 37 Geo. III. for 62 Years and 9 Months, to such of the Contributors for railing £. 14,500,000 for the Service of the Year 1797, who completed their whole Payments on or before 7th October 1797, for { Year, due Ditto -

Annuities for 30, 28, and 18 j- Years, by Acts 18, 19, and 29 Geo. III. for 6 Months, due Ditto ----- ---- 209,166 10

- - - for satisfying nd paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time - 2,353 2

si

si

- - by Acts and 5 William and Mary, commonly called £. 14 per Cents, which ceased on 14th February 1792, and are to be placed to the

Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, for 3 Months; due 10th October 1797 ----- - 12,128

- for 96 Years, by Acts 5 th and 6th of the same Reign, which ceased at 5th February 1792, and are to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners ——

M91

15 7l 8 —

- - - for 10 Years, by Act 17 Geo. III. which ceased on 5th April 1787, and are to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, for

6 Months; due 10th October 1797 ——

For answering and paying Half a Year's Annuity, due 10th October 1797, at £.5 perCent. per Ann. to such of the Contributors for railing £ 18,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1797, as completed their whole Payments on £. 2,378,362. 10 s. Part thereof, on or before the 2d April 1797, the said Contributors being entitled to £. 112. 10 s. Capital Stock for every £. 100 subscribed ——

For answering and paying One Year's Annuity, due the said 10th October 1797, at £. 5 per Cent, per Ann. to such of the Contributors for raising the said £. 18,000,000, as did not complete their whole Payments on or before the said 2d April 1797, but completed the same on or before the 7th October 1797, on £. 10,859,512. ioj. ----- --..... ——

59459 1 542,975 12

For the Support of His Majesty'sHousehold, for 3 Months, due 10th October 1797

to the Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, and now payable to him per Act 23 Gij. tij. Rs.

To Ann Cafs, late Office Keeper in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances -

His Royal Highness the Duke of GloucefleF, on his Annuity of .....£.8,000

Ditto - - - -- on Ditto - -- - 9,000

Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esq; - on Ditto - -- - 3,000

The Earl of Chatham ----- - on Ditto - - -- 4,000

Lord Rodney - - .- -- -on Ditto - -- - 2,coo

Lord Heathfield - -- -- -on Ditto - -- - 1,500

Lady Dorchester - -- -- -on Ditto - -- - 1,000

Marquis of Bute, late one of the Auditors of the Imprest, on his Annuity of - - - - 7,000

Philip Deare, Esq; late a Deputy Ditto ----- on Ditto - ----- 300

John Wigglesworth, Ditto - ----- -- on Ditto ----- - 300

200 ,000 1 000 1,000 500 500

Charles Harris, Esq; late Clerk in the Office of Ditto on Ditto Sir Wm Musgrave, Bart, one of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on John Thomas Batt, Esq; another - -- -- -- on

William Chamberlayne, Esq; another - -- - - - - -- on

Sir John Dick, Bart, another - - - - -- --.....- on

John Martin Leake, Esq; another ----- - ---. ----- on

for 3 Months; due Ditto - - 162 10 —

— for Ditto — - 5 — —

for Ditto . - 3,262 10 —

for Ditto - - 2,000 — —

for Ditto - 2,250

» for Ditto - - 75°

for Ditto - - 1,000 — —

- for Ditto - 500 — —

for Ditto - - 375

for Ditto - - 250 — —

for Ditto - i>75°

for Ditto - 75

for Ditto - - 75

for Ditto - - 50

for Ditto - - 250 — —

for Ditto - - 250 — —

for Ditto - - 250

- for Ditto - - , 125

for Ditto - - - - 12;

- for Ditto - - 1,500

- for Ditto - - 3,450

For Salaries to Clerks and for Contingencies in the Office of the said Commissioners To Sir George Yonge, Mailer and Worker of His Majesty's Mint in England

To the Commissioners a} pointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Quarter ended 10th October 1797 To the Sheriffs of England and Wales, to enable them to take out their Letters Patent for their respective Offices, and for passing their Accounts for One Year, ended 10th October 1797 ——

£ /. d.

2,024,701 15 9

487,428 13 — 211,519 12 10J

i3'72o 3 7i 12,500 — -

602,434 13 9 224,500 — —

250,000 — — 4,000 — —

Cn

140 Novembris. A. 1797

£. 10 jfcr Cent.

>9 »7 91 U 19 ----- +

0- Horses ....

21, Duty o« Ditto -Wines (Customs)t

Ditto (Excise)..... . , .

Sweets - . - k

Hats - - - 2,369 17 9 *

Surplus of Ditto -.....26,881

Legacies - - .

Dogs ——

Sugar.....1797

Bricks (Excise) -» .

1

Cocoa Nuts -

Tea -

Briuih Spirits ——

Foreign Ditto - -

Stage Coaches -

A unions ——

£. 5 per Cent.

Deeds -

Pepper ——

£. 20 pec Cent.

CQ

n'

{Female Servants Carts - -Waggons - -

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

0,050 4 9

12,100 — —

7,850 —

7i»4°5 12 7i

3>,24 — —

* 444 — —

29,251 l6 9

«M63 18 10

«»4S° — —

120,454 »7

7,702 — V

74 — —

4 939 ——

4 48i ——

23 79° ——

14,041 8

io,i 18 — —

108,467 15 6

19,301 18 3 2,000 — —

9 3 9 12 — 2$ a —

Carried over

-1-\

S>°33>85 6 3

1 &

O

e

i £

e £

o -

V JO

JZ o

0 o

c £

1 2 /

"3

1 5

2 S

?o

a

8

u

M

8.

M

/. ,. J.

On the Capital Stock of/. 6,250,000, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act 33 Gij. tij - - - 15,625 — —

On Ditto - - - £. 11,000,000, £. 3 per Cent, Annuities - - Ditto - - 34 Gij. tij. - 27,500 — —

On Ditto - - - £. ,750,000, £.4 per Cent, Annuities - - Ditto - - Ditto - - - 6,875 — —

On the Sum of - - £. 9,680 per Ann. being £. 1 per Cent, on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 11 /. 5 d. per Cent, on the aforementioned Act for £. 11,000,000, granted for 66 J Years, by the said last mentioned Act, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. ----- - 2,420 — —

On the Capital Stock of/ . 1,926,525. 12 /. 5 d. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act 34 Gij. tij. in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills

delivered up to be cancelled - - - 4,816 6 3

On Ditto - - - £. 18,000,000, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act 35 Gij. tij. ----- -- - 45,000 — —

On Ditto - - - £. 6,000,000, £. 4 perCent. Annuities, created by Ditto - - Ditto - -- -- - 15,000 ——

On Ditto - - - £. 12,835 being £. 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 9/. 6 d. per Cent, on the aforementioned £. 18,000,000, granted for 65J Years, by the said Act, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at the Rate of £. 3 perCent. per Ann. ----- ----- - -3,208 15 —

On Ditto - - - £..1,609,897. 17 s. 1 d. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act 35 Geo. III. in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills

delivered up to be cancelled - -- -- 4 024 14 lof

On Ditto - - - £.21,595,800, Part of 21,600,000, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created in respect of £. 18 000,000 borrowed in pur-

fuance of an Act 36 Gij. tij.; after deducting £.4,200 forfeited by certain Contributors not completing their Payments - - - -- -- 53,989 10 —

On Ditto - - £. 4,500,000, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, created by the last mentioned Act, in respect of the said Loan - 11,250 — —

On the Sum of - - £. 8,460 being £. 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 6r. 6d. per Cent, on the afote-

said £. 18.000,000, granted for 64f Years, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. - - - - 2,1 4 — —

On the Capital Stock of£. 8,934,000, Part of£. 9,000,000, £. 3 per Cent.Consolidated Annuities, createdin respect of £. 7,500,000 borrowed

in pursuance of an Act 36 Gij tij.; after deducting £. 65,800 forfeited by certain Contributors not completing their Payments ----- ----- -- - 22,335 to —

On Ditto . - - £. 1,859,625, Part of £. 1,875.000 £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, created by the last mentioned Act; after

deducting £. 15,375 for eited by certain Contributors not completing their Payments ... 4,649 1 3

On the Sutn of - - £. 2,925 being £. 1 per Cent, p r Ann. on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 5/. 6d. per Cent, on the aforesaid

£. 7,500,000, granted for 63 J Y< ars, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the tame at£.3. perCent.per Ann. 731 5 —

On the Capital Stock of £. 4,414,074. 4/. 6</. £ 5 per Cent. Annuities, created by an Act 36 Gg tij. in lieu"of Navy and Victualling Bills

delivered up to be cancelled - - - -- 11,035 3 8|

On Ditto - - - £. 16,441,175. 4/. 10 d. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, by the said Act, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to

be cancelled ----- ----- ---- - 41,102 18 9

On Ditto - - - £. 764,861. 5 s. xod. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, by the said Act, in Keu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up to be

cancelled - - - - 1,912 3 — J

On Ditto - - £.2,024,228. i8r. $d. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Navy Bills delivered up to be cancelled - - 5,076 9 9

On Ditto - - - £. 1 999,699. 4/. 4d. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, by the said Act, in lieu of Exchequer Bills, delivered up to be cancelled 4,999 4 1 if

On Ditto - - £. 104,432. 5 s. 8/. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, by Act 37 Gij. tij. in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled 261 1 7

On Ditto - - £. 270,202. 4/. 3d. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, by the said Act, in lieu of Exchequer Bdls delivered up to be cancelled 675 10 1

On Ditto - - - £.20,210,321. 5 . £.5 per Cent. Annuities, Part of £ 20,250,000 granted by Act 37 Gij. tij. Rs. for railing

£. 18,000,000.; the Sum of £. 40,668. 15/. being forfeited by certain Contributors not completing their whole Payments - -- -- -- 50,523 6 6$

On Ditto - - £. 18,125,000 £. 3 perCent. Consol. Annuities, being the additional Capital of £. 25 per Cent. on£. 14,500,000, bor-

_ rowed for the Service of the Year 1797 - - - - 45,312 10 —

On Ditto - - - £-7,250,000, £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, being the additional Capital of £.50 per Cent, on the said

£. 14,500,000 - - - -- -.....18,125 ——

On Ditto - - - £. 2,900,000, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, granted by AC 37Gij. tij.. Rs. being the additional Capital of £. 20per Gent.

on the said £, 14,500,000.....- - - - 7,350, — —

OntheSumof - £. 5,920 per Ann. being£ 1 per Cent, per Ann. on the future actual Value of 6/. perCent. per Ann. on £ 14,500,00; *

granted by Act 37 Gij. tij. Rs. for 62 £ Years, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at £. 3 per

Cent, per Ann. - - - ----- --- 1,480 — —

On the Capital Stock of £. 3 669,300 Imperial Annuities, created in refgect of £. 1,620,000 raised by Act 37 Gij. tij. - 9 173 5 —

Carried over ----£.

416.466 15 joj

4,265,726 I4,iiJ

erv

38 Geo. III. 14" Novembris *

INCOME, continued. Brought over - -

Arrears of 55th, 56th, 57th, and 58th 41. Aid per Annis 1791, >792 793 1794 - - - -....

Money paid by A. Newland, Esq; on Account of the Commissioners for issuing Exchequer Bills by Act 35 Geo. III.

Ditto - - by Edward Roberts, Esq; arising from the Residue of Exchequer pecs ——

Ditto - - by Thomas Bullock, Esq; Agent for the late Province of Senegambia ——

Ditto - - by Claude Scott, Esq; on Account of Corn fold for the Use of Government ——

Inapreft Money re-paid by Colonel Tottenham -

Ditto - - - by James Bruce, Esq; Governor of the IBand of Dominica ——

£' ' 5,033,832 6

21,608 3 4J

36.000 — —

38,350 2 5

1.000 — —

30.000 — — .

1.000 — —

130 ——

5,161,940 14 —;

CHARGE, continued.

Brought over -

To John Penn, Esq; of Stoke Pogis, Berks - -

Richard Penn, Esq; of Queen Ann Street, Middlesex, - - on Ditto

His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence - - - on Ditto

His Royal Highness the Duke of York - - - on Ditto

Her Royal Highness the Duchess of York ----- on Ditto

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales ----- - on Ditto

- on his Annuity of £. 3,000, for 3 Months, due 10th October 1797

£. 1,000, for Ditto £ 12,000, for Ditto £. 14,000, for Ditto £. 4,000, for Ditto

- £ 65,000, for Ditto - -

John Reeves, Esq; Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police in or near the Metropolis, for the more effectual Ad mini ft ration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace

George Atwood, Esq; Inspector of Tontine Certificates, to defray certain Expences attending the Execution of an Act 30 Geo. III. -

The Clerk of the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery towards defraying the Charges for Salaries and Allowances in that Office, for One Year ended 10th October 1797

Thomas Marsham, Esq; Secretary to the Commissioners for issuing Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount by Acts 3c and 37 Gij. tij. Rs. for Expences attending the Execution of the said Acts.....- -....

Robert Jennings, Esq; to be by him distributed to the several Persons who have been employed at the Receipt of the Exchequer in making out and issuing the said Exchequer Bills ——

To pay off and cancel Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to an Act 25 Gij. tij. Rs. - - ~ .

To the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, for their Service in executing the Acts 29 Gij. tij. Rs. for granting Annuities on Lives for 6 Months, due 10th October 1797 - . f -

m *

TOTAL Charge on the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended 1 oth October 1797 - -

SURPLUS of - - Ditto - - - - for Ditto

' ' , *

Memorandum. — Ttic above Sum of £. 857,101. 14 s. 7 \d. is to be applied as follows: . ' *

To complete the Sum of £. 2,895,000, granted out of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the Year 1795 " 204,29 1 7

In Part of £. 2,000,000, granted out of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the Year 1797 - - ~ ' 652»8o4 6 —

£ 857,101 14 7i

Exchequer,

the 14th Day of November 1797, _______

James Fisher»

/. d.

4,265,726 14 11

750 ——

aSo ——

3.000 — —

3,5oo ——

1.000 — — 16,2.50 — —

2,800 — —

350 ——

2,663, 1 6

500 — —

75o ——

6,858 12 —

440 ——

4,304,838 19 5 857,101 14 7j

5,161,940 14

D

(Q

r-f

n'

CD

Q_

cr

14 Novembris, A. 1797.

Tidcaster and Hal ton Dyal Road Bill, committed.

Manchester, Rochdale, and Bury Roads Petition.

38 Geo. III.

14® — 50 Novembris.

55

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

A Bill for continuing the Term; arid altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcaster. to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the one, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town " of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy,

* in the Township of Crumpfall, to the Town of " dale, and from the said Place called The White Smithy,

* by a Place called BeJJ'es of the Barn, to the Town of " Bury, and from the said Place called of the

" Barn to Radcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancafterand the other, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Act, and for empowering the Trustees under the same Act to repair a Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Acts, Turnpike Gates have been erected, and Tolls taken, according to the full Rates thereby authorized, the Produce whereof, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed, and remaining due upon the Credit of the said Tolls, has been applied to the Purposes of the said Acts, but the same have been found insufficient to complete and maintain the said Roads which are in a broken, miry, and ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, and the said Debt paid off, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and additional Toll Gates erected, and further Tolls granted; and that the Powers and Authorities requisite for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance of the said Roads, might be more conveniently executed if the said Acts were repealed, and the necessary Provisions for the same comprized in one Act; and also, if the said Roads were divided into Three separate Districts; and that it is expedient that the same Powers and Authorities should be declared to extend to the Road, through Part of the said Town of Bury, to the Dwelling House in the Occupation of the Head Master of the Free Grammar School there, Doubts having arisen whether that Part of the Road is included in the said former Acts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Peele, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 53,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Surfiy, defaring; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole rsd-House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Merairii, 15® die Novembris;

Anno 38® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House Estimatespre-pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, rented:

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and Guards and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Garrisons- ' Jersey, and Guernsey, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in Forces in the the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, plantauons-in Portugal, and at The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th Decemb'er 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also *

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff General and Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with ° cer, ‘ the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1798.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between Difference be-the British and Iriftt Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for tween Service Abroad, from 25th December 1797 to 24th and In‘hPaV December 1798 both inclusive being 365 Days: And also, '

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Troops in Dragoons, and Fifteen Regiments of Foot, for Service East india-in East India, for the Year 1798, being 365 Days:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons Recruiting and Fifteen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great for D°-Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contin- Recruiting gencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and of Extra Contin-' Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year gencies, &c. 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in Militia and South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry ?encibie In in Great Britain, Jersey Guernsey, and the Islands of ‘Ultry *

Scilly and Man, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Contingerr-Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in &c- for Great Britain, for the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for the Em- Cloaking for bodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1798: Mllltu-And also '

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Fencible Ca-Cavalry for Service in Great Britain, front 25th Decern- valry‘ ber 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great , for the or

Year 1798: And also *

Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1798: And also,

1 Estimate

Full Pay to Supcmume-nuy Officers.

Allowances to the Pay-maiter Gene-rai, See.

56

Estimate of the Chaise of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps, and of Draughted Regiments, from 25th December 1797 to 24th 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Pay-master General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General for the Year 1798: And allb.

A. 1797.

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances d». to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced l> Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of The States General, for the Year 1798.

Together with a List of the said Estimates.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

15 Novembris.

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great <! both include, being 365 Days,

r

CORPS. Numbers Pay of Comndflion.-d, Non-com mifiioru-d Ohicers, and Private Men, including the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, Charge of the Clothing cf N->n-com mi Phoned O dicers and Private Men.

£ >d. ;£ < d.

First Regiment of Life Guards ----- - 295 ——

Second Ditto - -- 293 — — —

E 1 Royal Regiment of Horse Guards ----- 537 ——

' I>125 - -

First -Regiment of Dragoon Guards - - - 851 — 40,025 — 10 4,108 4 5

Second Ditto - -- ----- - - 683 _ 32,631 16 10 3,206 11 7

tn r~ Third Ditto - -- 6S3 32,631 16 10 3,286 11 7

O Major General Goldjwcrthy'sRegiment of Dragoons 683 _ 32,631 16 10 3,286 11 7

to CZ Sir Ralph /Ibercromby's- - 683 32,631 16 10 3,286 n 7

c Lieutenant General Lafcelks's 684 . 32,668 6 10 3,292 iS 4

Sir Robert Sloper's - -- - 683 -r- 32,631 16 IO 3,286 11 7

683 — 32,631 16 IO 3»'86 11 7

"Lieutenant General David ----- 683 _ 32,631 16 10 3,286 11 7

tn The Prince of (Vales's - -- - - - 683 — 32,631 16 10 3> 85 it 7

C O O Field Marshal Ilodgfcns's - -- -- - 683 — 32,631 16 10 3,286 11 7

to a Major General Egertcns - -- -- - 5 4 — 24,721 9 10 2,464 13 9

Q A Lord Dorchester's - -- - 683 — 32,631 16 10 3,286 11 7

4-J Lieutenant General Harcourl's ----- - 683 — 32,631 16 10 3>286 11 7

"5b Major General De Lancey' % 514 — ' 24,721 9 10 2,464 18 9

J 1 Marquis of Drogheda's - -- -- - 5'4 . —; 24,721 9 10 2,464 18 9

O (Q General Manners's - -- 5'4 — 24,721 9 10 2,464 18 9

1 — h n' - 11,104 - -

«-3 1 J FirH: Regiment of Foot Guards ----- - 3>5 6 _ _ — __

p 05 2,215 — — _ " — . — .

( LLl I 0 ol 2,215 7>97° ‘ — — —

"Lord Adam Gordon's Reg of Foot, First Battalion 7 7 _ 19,076 6 5 2,170 9 —

0 Lieutenant General Coates's ----- -- 717 — 19,076 6 5 2,170 9 —

717 _ 19,076 6 5 2,170 9 —

0 Lieutenant General Ralph - - - 7i7 — 19,076 6 5 2,170 9 —

Major General Bertie's - ----- --- 7 7 — 19,076 6 5 2,171 9 —

Major General Fox's - -- M30 — 27,708 11 5 3> i2 17 7

General Grant's - -- - V3° — 27>7°8 1 5 3)112 17 7

n, Jersey, and Guernsey, from 25 th Dec 1797 to 24th 1798,

Agency. A'lowar.ces to Captains, Prym.iiters, Kiuin Wallers, and Scrje..ius. T O T A L.

£- s. <7. £ s. d. a j.

26,043 r9 5

— 25,629 12 9 £ d.

— — 40,427 18 8

- - - 92,101 IO IO

505 7 , H 908 — — 45>546 3 2

408 19 6 7 268 — 37,°53 «5 1 I

4C8 l9 6 726 8 — 37,°53 >5 I I

408 J9 6 726 8 — 37>°53 15 I I

408 «9 6 726 8 — 37,053 15 II

409 7 1 726 8 — 37,097 — 3

408 l9 6 726 8 — 37,053 15 1 i

408 9 6 726 8 — 37,053 15 11

408 ‘9 6 726 8 — 37,053 5 11

408 9 6 726 8 — 3",053 15 11

40 3 9 6 726 8 — 37,053 5 11

308 16 3 544 16 — 28,040 — TO

408 «9 6 726 8 — 37,053 5 1 I

40 3 9 6 7 26 8 — 37,053 15 I I

30 S 16 3 544 16 — 28,040 — IO

308 j6 3 544 16 — 28,040 — IO

308 16 3 544 16 — 28,040 — IO

- - - 602,395 11 IO

— — - 111,387 I4 6

— 69,986 I /

— 70,040 l6 7

- - - 25',414 12 8

224 n 2 6l2 22,082 17 7

224 0 2 6l2 22,082 17 7

224 n 2 6I2 22,082 17 7

224 2 2 612 22,082 i? 7

224 2 2 612 — — 22,082 17 7

74 i9 1 703 5 — 3i, 799 13 1

74 >9 1 703 5 " 3T>799 »3 1

(Continued)

Ur

38 Geo. III. 150 Novembris.

F oo t — continued\

O '

cq'

N

CD

CL

w

CO

H

s

H

W

CORPS. (Continued) Numbers. Pay of Commissioned Non-commissioned Officers, and private Men, including the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c.

' - jC *

Lieutenant General Powell's Regiment of Foot - - 717 — 19,076 6 5

Lieutenant General Bruce's - 717 — 19,076 6 5

Major General Leigh's ----- ---- 717 — 19,076 6 5

Lieutenant General Hamilton's 717 — 19,076 6 5

Lieutenant General Grenville's ----- - 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

Lord George Lennox's - -- 717 — 19,076 6 5

General Majfey's---- ----- - 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

J Major General Forbes's - -- -- - 7 7 — 19,076 . 6 5

\ Lord Mulgrave' % 7 7 — 9>°76 6 5

Lord Southampton's ----- ----- General Fletcher's - -- - 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

7 7 — 19,676 6 5

Major General Craig's ----- ---- General Maitland's - -- 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

7 7 19,076 6 5

Lieutenant General Norton's ----- -- 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

Lieutenant General <SV0//'s ----- -- 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

General Morris's - -- - 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

General Mathew's - -- - 7 7 - 19,076- 6 5

Major General Stevens' s - -- -- - 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

Major General D Burgh's ----- --- 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

Lieutenant General Cuyler's ----- -- 717 — 19,076 6 5

Colonel Cameron's - -- - 7 7 — 18,956 7 6

Sir Hew Dalrymple's - 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

L Lieutenant General ----- -- 7 7 22,336 19,076 6 5

Fifty-four Independent Companies of Invalids - - 5,766 1x8,956 18 4

Garrisons - - - — 302 28,725 7 7

Total - - — 48,609 1 267,646 i 8

War Office,

14 th November 1797.

W. Windh»

Charge of the Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men.

J. </.

2,170 9 ~

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 ~

2,170 9 ~

2,170 9 ~

2,170 9 -

2,170 9 ~

2,170 9 ~

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 —

2,170 9

2,170 9 ~

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 —

2,170 9 ~

2,170 9 ~

2,170 9 —

16,600

782 2 2

37,793 14 6

Agency.

if- s. d.

224 2 2

224 2 2

2 24 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

224 2 2

223 11

224 2 2

224 2 A

" *

1,300 5 6

14,772 7 7

Allowances to Captains, Pay mailers, Riding Mailers, and 1 Serjeants.

£. S. d.

6 12' -

6 12 — —

6 12 ——

612 ——

612 — —

61 2 —

6 12 — —

6 12 ——

612 ——

612 ——

611 — —

612 — — 612 — —

612 — —

612 — — 612 — —

612 ——

6(2 ——

61 2 ——

612 ——

612 ——

6 12 — ---

61 2 ——

5,320 ——

55 ——

35,721 I o —

T o

s:

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 17 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 17 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

2 2,0?2 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

21,961 7 5

22,082 7 7

22,082 7 7

- £

A L.

£. s. d

681,798 18 4

142,177 .3 10 29,56? 9 9

1 >799,45° .7 3

at.

00

15® Novembris. A. 1797.

c

o

t-

iA

u

E S T I M A T E of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, in Portugal, and at The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both mclusive, being 365 Days.

CORPS.

O

o

n

("Lord Heathfield's Regiment of Light Dragoons -

2 I Sir Charles Grey's ——

§ J Sir James Steuart's c0 General Craig's - -- - -Colonel Beaumont's -

Sir Robert Laurie's -

ri

u,

C

r

o

o

U.

General Hall's Regiment of Foot Prince Edward's - - - .

Lieutenant General Hotbam's -

Lieutenant General Whyte's -

Major General Stuart's - - .

Lieutenant General Rooke's -

Major General Balfour's - -

Sir George Osborn's - - - - .

Lieutenant General Smith's - -

Lieutenant General Adeane's Lieutenant General Dalrymple's Major General Doyle's - . - -

General Campbell s - -

Royal American Regiment - -

Major General Grin- -Colonel Gjfnnpbell's - -

Major General Dundas's - -

Lieutenant General Corps

GARRISONS,

Qicbec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, Saint John's and Placentia in Newfoundland, and Sain John's island - -

Jamaica, Grenada, Saint Vincent's, , and

Tobago ——

Officers serving with His Majesty's Forces in North America, the West Indies, Gibraltar, and Portugal, and at The Cape of Good Hope -

Numbers.

20,467

Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-comnul-fioned Officers, and Private Men, including the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c.

Charge of Clothing of Non-com ini ftior.ed Officers and Private Men.

s. £ s. £ J. d. £ J. d. £ s. d.

— 347 16,283 3 — i,7i5 10 IO -291 5 4 435 12 — -

481 — 24,615 — 8 2,328 14 9 333 6 4 525 12 — 27,802 13 9

683 — 32,631 16 10 3,286 11 7 408 9 6 726 8 — 37,053 15 11

5 4 — 24,721 9 10 2,464 18 9 308 16 3 544 l6 — 28,040 — 10

514 — 24,541. 11 5 2, 64 18 9 307 4 3 544 l6 — 27,858 10 - 5

481 2,673 24,615 — 8 2,328 14 9 333 6 4 525 12 — 27,802 13 9

7 7 — 19,076 6 5 2,170 9 — 224 2 2 612 — — 22,082 17 7

717 — 19,258 16 5 2,170 9 ' — 225 12 7 612 — — 22,266. 18 < — -

7 7 — 19,076 .6 5 2,170 9 — 224 2 2 612 — — 22,082. 17 7

'M3° — 27,708 11 5 3,112 17 7 274 9 1 703 5 — 31,799 13 1 >

Li 30 — 27,708 it 5 3, U2 17 7 274 9 1 703 5 — 31,799 13 . 1 '

717 — 19,076 6 5 . 2,170 -9 — 224 2 2 6t2- — — ' 22,082 17 7

1,13° — 27,708 11 5 3, H2 17 7 274 9 1 703 S — 3L799 13 1

1,13° — . 27,708 11 5 3,112 17 7 274 !9 1 703 5 — 3L799 13 1

7i7 — 19,076 6 5 2,170 9 — 224 2 2 612 — — 22,082 17 7

7i7 — 19,076 6 5 2,170 9 — 224 2 2 612 — - — 22,082 17 7

7i7 — 19,076 6 5 2, >70 9 — 224 2 2 612 — — 22,082 17 7

7i7 — 19.076 19.076 6 5 2,170 9 — 224 2 2 612 — — 22,082 17 7

7i7 — 6 5 2,170 9 — 224 2 2 612 — — 22,082 17 7

5,651 — 138,782 15 15,564 7 11 t,376 18 — 3,516 5 — , 159,240 5 11

i>35° — 31,558 6 — 3,788 — — 307 11 8 741 10 — 36,395 7 8

711 18,356 8 11 2,170 9 — 2J 8 10 10 612 — — 2i,357 8 9

>,35° — 31,558 6 — 3,783 — 307 11 8 741 10 — 36,395 7 8

43 2 — 9,439 16 8 ;! 1 > I 20 1.8 8 77 5 4 251 5 — - 10,889 15 8

Agency.

Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Mailers, and Serjeants.

TOTAL.

£. s. d. 18,725. 11 2-

1+3,557 14 8

590,406 16 S

6,300 18 4

2,725 >3 3

72,498 — 3

( Continued)

Cjr»

'O

38 Geo. lit 150 Novembris.

CORPS. Conti :ucd.) Numbers, Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, including the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c.

Officers of the Hospitals serving in North £. s.

the IF eft Indies, and Portu, and at The Cape of

Good Hope ——

GIBRALTAR.

Sir JrtOTiW Pulteney'sRegiment of Foot - - - -Lieutenant General Prejcctt's ----- -- 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

7 7 — 19,076 6 5

Sir Balling's - -- - 7 7 — 19,076 6 5

Sir lletlor Munro's - -- - — 27,708 11 5

Colonel Graham's - -- - 1,130 — 27,583 12 6

Marquis of Huntley's ----- ----- 7ix — 18,356 8 11

Royal Garrison Battalion - -- -- - 700 5,822 17,958 13 11

Officers of the Garrison of ,&c. - - . - —

JV E IF SOUTH WALES.

Lieutenant Colonel Groje's Corps ----- - — 7C9 17,077 12 6

Total - - - - 30,018 825,726 6 11

Deduct, To be paid by the Island of Jamaica-, For Lord Heathfteld's Regiment of Light Dra-

goons- - For the Private Men of Two Regiments of Foot, 1 ~m

according to the late Peace Establishment - -

Remains to be provided - . 11 m

►_ War Office,

0 2 14 th November 1707.

;> 7F. JFtndbam *

H W.

rT

Charge of Clothing Adowances to

of Non-commissioned Officer and Private . Agency. Captains, Pay mailers. Riding Matters, and T O T A L.

Men, Serjeants.

£ j. £ S, £ d. £ s d. J.

— — — — — 13,751 7 6

2,170 9 — 224 a 2 612 — K> b 00 17 7

2,170 9 — 224 2 2 612 — — 22,082 »7 7

2,170 9 — 224 2 2 612 — — 22,082 17 7

12 17 7 . 274 «9 I 703 5 — 31.799 13 1

12 7 7 27 3 9 703 5 — 31.678 12 10

2,170 9 ~ 218 10 ip 6ra — — 21.357 8 9

2,085 19 7 215 6 11 612 — — 20,872 — 5 171,956 10

" 7

3,727 10 10

I>97° 12 2 195 8 — 564 12 6 - - 19,808 5 2

91,970 19 J 9,240 — 10 22,517 8 6 - - - 1,053,458 15 8

- — — — — 18,725 11 2

— — — — 9,196 5 — 27,921 16 A

2

- - - - - m - £ 1,025,536 19 6

os

o

15° Novembris. 1797 *

i 5° Novemb

6i

38 Geo. lit.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of die Hospitals, serving with the

Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and 'Jersey, for the Year 1798.

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great 1

Britain, Guernsey, and JerJeyt from 25th December 1797 to 14th December 1798, both I £. 89,743 19 3

inclusive, being 36 5 Days - - - - - J___________________

War Office,

14th November 1797 *

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the and Pay of Six Regiments of Foot,

for Service Abroad, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive being 365 Days.

Numbers. Charge far 365 Days.

One Regiment of Foot:

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and A

Private Men, including the additional Allowance to So 0 *

Subalterns, &c. ..... . 717 19,076 6 5

Charge of Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers and

Private Men - — 0,170 9 —

Agency - -- - - -- - — 424 2 2' (

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Serjeants - - — 612 — —

In all for One Regiment - - - - 7 7 22,082 17 7

Five Regiments of Foot more of like Numbers and /

Charge - - - -- 3>5«5 110,414 7 11 £ d.

Total - - - - 32>497 5 6

Deduct,

To be paid by Ireland on Account of the above Regi- ,

ments - -- -- - 54,27r ' 3

Remains to be provided ----- 4»3°2 £ 78,226 4 3

War Office, 14th November 1797.

W. Windham.

Vol. 53'.

fc ESTIMATE

62 150 Novembris. , A. 1797.

£ S T I M AT E of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Fifteen Regiments of Foot, for

Service in East India, for the> Year 1798, being 365 Days.

Numbers. Charg e for 365 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 05th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, 'both inclusive: _ J- s. d.

say 481 — 19,746 5 8

Clothing - — 2,328 14 9 -

Agency - — 333. 6 4

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Riding Masters - - ----- — — 525 12 —

22,933 18 9

Major General Gw - - the same - - - 481 — 22,933 18 9

Lieutenant General the same - - - 481 22,933 18 9 J 5 d.

Major General Vyje's - - - - the same - - - 481 1,924 22,933 18 9 0 9 735

Lieutenant General Billon's Regiment of Foot:

Pay - i»35° — 19,004 14 9

Clothing - — 3 783 — — -

Agency - - - — . 3°7 it 8

Allowances toCaptamsj Paymaster, and Ser- jeants - - - -- -- - — — 741 10 —

23,841 l6 5

Major General Hidje's - - - the same - i>35° — 23,841 l6 5 -

Marquis Cornwallis's - - - the same - - - i,35° 23,841 l6 5

General St. John's - - ~ the same - I>3S° — 23 4-1 16 5

General Trapaud's - -- - the same - I>35° — 23,841 16 5

Lieutenant General Gordon's - - the same - - - 1,35° — 23,841 16 5

Sir Adam Williamson' % - - - the same - L35° — 23,841 16 5

Lieutenant General Lake's - - the same - - - L35° — . 23,841 16 5

Lieutenant General O'Hara's the same - - - >35° — 23,841 16 5

Sir Robert Abcrcromby's - - - the same - - - i,35° ! 1 ' 23,841 16 5

Lieutenant General Mu/grave's the same - I»35° 23,841 16 5

Major General Marsh's - - - the same a - - i.3S° — . 23,841 16 5

Colonel Mackenzie's - - - - the same - i,35° — 23,841 16 5

Major General St. Leger's - - the same - - - i»3S° — 23,841 16 5

Major General Bernard's - - the same - - . L35° 20,250 23,841 16 5 357,627 c

0 3

Total - - ' " 22,174 - - - £. 449,363 I 3

War Office,

14th November 1797. IV. Windham.

4

Memorandum: '

By the Act passed in 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company " of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, &c." The East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in proportion to the Number of Troops lent, or to be sent to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only , and as it will be necesiary to provide for the Subsistence of the Four Recruiting Troops, and Fifteen Recruiting Companies, remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting ac prefenc for this Purpose, the Sum of j£» 40,044. oj.-i d. which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

ESTIMATE

38 Geo. III.

13° NoVembris.

63

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Fifteen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in , from 25th December 1797 to

- 24th December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, One' Troop:;

Pay - - -....

Clothing r - - . ——

Agency ——

Allowances to the Captain, Paymaster, and Riding; Mailer ——

Major General Gwyn's - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Blathwayte's the same - - -Major General Vyje's - - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Pi£lor£s Regiment of Foot, One Company:

Pay ——

Clothing -

Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain ——

Major General Hulfe's - - - the lame

Marquis Cornwallis's - - - - the fame

General St. John's - - - - the fame

General Irapaud's - - - - the fame

Lieutenant General Gordon's - - the fame

Sir Adam Williamjotis - - - the fame

Lieutenant General Lake's - - the fame

Lieutenant General O'Hara's - - the fame

Sir Robert Abercromby's - - the fame-

Lieutenant General Musgrave's - the same Major General MaYjh's - - - the same Colonel Mackenzie's - - - - the fame

Major General St. Lexer's - - the fame

Major General Bernard's - - - the fame

Total

War Office,

14th November 1797-

Numbers. Charge for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

4 1 3f 8 — 4

— — _ - 84 . 7 6 '

mTm 32 >4 — (

— — - 55 16 -r

1,490 17 10 -

14 —; . 1,490 17 10 .

14 — r 1,490 17 10 £ r. d.

14 — t - .1,490 17 10

56- r,o6? ft a

18 _ frH 1 O OO

— — 9l 3 7 -

— — - 15 10 9

— - 38 5 - - ‘

952 — 7

18 — 952. — 7

18 — 1- 952 — -7 -

18 — - 952 — 7

18 — - 952 " -7

18 — 952 — 7

18 952 — 7 ►

18 — 952 — 7 #

18 — 952. — 7 *

18 — - 952 — 7

18 — 952 — 7

18 — - 952 — 7 *

18 — L 952 — 7 -

18 952 — 7

18 — - 952 — 7

270

14)2oO 0 p

- 326 - - 20,244 — .1

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and' of Extra

Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1798.

Charge for Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Forces, upon Account Charge of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, upon Account -

Total -

- £

War Office, 14th November 1797.

W. Windh

150,000 30,000

i8o,doo — —

Vol. 53.

ESTIMATE

64

150 Novembris.

A.

797

E S.T I M AT E of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of federal Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the Islands of and Man, from 15 th December 1797 to 24th

December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Bedford -

Berks -

Royal Euck'mghan -

Cambridge Chester -Royal Cornwall -Cumberland -Derby -Devon -Dorset -Durham --

Glsucester -Hereford -

Hertford -

Huntingdon

Kent -

Lane after -

Leicester - -

Lincoln ... London.

Middlesex-Mtmmonth and Brecon -jVcr/oZ.

Northampton Northumberland -Nottingham Oxford -

Rutland -

SW&p.

Stafford

Somerset.

Southampton Suffolk -

Surrey -

Sussex - -

Tower Hamlets -Warwick Westmorland Wilts -

Worcester

York, West Riding -

- - North Riding -

- - East Riding

Anglesea -

Cardigan - -

Carmarthen Carnarvon Denbigh -

Glamorgan

Merioneth - - ,

Montgomery

Pembroke

Radnor.

FENCIBLE INFANTRY.

Colonel Wemyfs' %

Earl of Eglintos -

Earl of Breadalbant *

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers.

I 619

I 739 —

I 935 —

I 627 —

I 827 —

X 892 '

I 380

1 744 . —

3 , >355

X 955 —

1 476 —

2 1 502 —

2 1,292 — "

1 -7 >5 ——

1 795

1 460

2 1,5 4

1 937 — *

1 75 —

2 >434

2 1.430 —

3 >9°3 —

1 5 3 —

2 1,150

1 761 —

«93 —

1 575

1 734

1 45 — *

1 1,008 —

795 —

1 99 *

3 >455

2 1,278 —

1 947 —

1 947

2 1,326 —

1 911

287

X >37»

1 800 —

2 1,478 —

1 1,017

612

1 189 —

1 45

1 238 — ~

1 63 —

1 - 498 --

1 216

430

1 45

1 502 — *

1 189 *

X 45 45,203

[en 589

- , S°

- 589

- 1,178

- - - ! 1 3>5° 1 1 *

Charge for -365 Days. total.

£ d-15,687 910

18,703 15 6 22,488 7 5 5>833 9 ° 20,364 10 6 22,43 2 6 8,545 16 5 18,795 ~ 59,062 10 3

22,860 4 3 11,874 3 8 3 ,503 4 7 33,045 4 1 17.567 4 10 9 753 3 — 11.568 19 11 37,621 10 .4 22,53 4 3 18,251 12 4 36,577 3 *

36 63 2 3 47,943 " 8 -

3,67 7 7 9>5 4 4 7 19,118 19 3 21,701 6 9 14,757 4

18,233 12 1 3,749 6 4 *

24,121 9 11 9,753 3 — 24,211 3 9 36,451 9 8

32,132 7 23.380 16 3 23.380 16 3 33>'8 4 7 22,782 17 8 7,415 1 — 31,750 16 6 9>479 3 4 37,407 ii — 24,778 19 4 5,538 13 7 I

4,597 18 10 3.749 6 4 6,177 5 3 4,091 10 1 12,289 17 5 5,64 3 10,087 5 6 3.749 4

12,721 12 10 4,597 18 10 r. d

3,749 4

t,i«3»344;

17.706 16 7 30,822 1 8 17.706 16 7 35,171,12 8 1

101,407 7 6 ,123,344 *

v oocie

38 Geo. III.

150 Novembris.

65

Erought forward

Marquis of Lome's -Duke of Gordon's ... Earl of Hcpetounes -

Sir John Sinclair's, 1 ft Battalion -Lord Grsy de(Villon's -

Colonel Courtenay's -

Colonel Macdonr.eii' % -

Colonel O'Conner's - -

Colonel Handcock's Duke of Algol's Corps Major Kir.lcck's Ditto Major Mackenzie's Ditto Captain Gudgeon's Dkto

Total

Numbers. Charge for 365 Days. TOTAL.

C d.

- 3>5°6 45. 3 101,407 7 6 >123,344 i 3

- 589 17,7c6"i6 7

- 589 17,706 16 7

- 5S9 17,706 16 7

- . 589 17,706 16 7

- 1,1 1 I 3°i'23° 7 8

- 589 17,706 16 7

- 589 17,706 16 7

- 589 17,706 16 7

- 589 17,706 16 7

- 340 9,206 it 2

- 173 4>6 7 8 3 4

- 136 3.842 18 1

- I IO 10,088 2,815 8 9 293.835 9 2

- ‘ $5>'29‘ - - I>4,7>179 5

War Office, 14th November 1797-

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, for the Year 1798.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, upon Account - £. 40,000_

War Office,

14th November 1797.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, the Year 1798.

Numbers.

2,01$ Serjeants 1,225 Drummers 40,075 Rank, and File

War Office, 14th November 1797.

Rate.

I 5- 14- 7-3- " 5 2. 10. 5,

Total

Charge.

- ")544 5 5

3,700 10 5

- 101,022 7 II

- - - 116,267 3 9

W. Windham.

Vol. 53.

ESTIMATE

66

150 Novemb

A. 1797.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Service in Great Britain, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days. *

m- i ' Numbers. Charge for; 165 Days.

t s. d.

First Regiment of Fencible Cavalry - - - 292 17,093 \ 4 —

Birkshire - Ditto - - - - ‘292 17,093 4 —

Cinque Ports - - Ditto - 292 17,098 4 —

Cornwall - Ditto - - - - - - 292 17,098 4 "

Durham - Ditto - - - - 292 17,098 4 —

Fssex --- - Ditto - - 292 17,098 4 "

Nampjkire - - - Ditto - 292 17,098 4 —

Lancashire - Ditto - 292 17,098 4 —

Norfolk - Ditto - - - - 292 . 17.09s 4 —

Oxford - Ditto - 292 >7,098 4 " '

Pembroke - . - - Corps - l9S >>>3‘> 12 I

Princess Royal's own Regiment - - - - 292 , 17,098 4 —

Rutland - Ditto - 292 17,098 4 —

Somerset - Ditto - - - 292 17,o78 4 —

Surrey - - - - Ditto - 292 7.o 9S 4 "

Sussex - Ditto - 292 > 7>°98 4 —

Warwick - Ditto - 292 >7.098 4 —

Ayr - - - Ditto - - - - - 292 17,098 4 —

Berwickshie - - Ditto - 292 >7.098 4 —

Dumfriesshire - - Ditto - - - ~ 9 i [- >7.098 4 ~

East and West Lctbian Ditto - 292 >7.098 4 —

h'ifeshire- - - Ditto - - - - 292 17,098 4 —

l anark and Dunbarton Ditto - 292 17.098 4 —

Pertbshire - - - Ditto - 294 17,098 4 —

- - - - Total — J&'F jC 404.570 J 4 1

War Office,

14th November 1797.

IF. Wind

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain,

for the Year 1798.

For the Allowance of Extra Feed to the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, upon Account - - - - £.

25,000 ——

War Office,

14th November 1757.

IF. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on

Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1798.

For the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, upon Account - - _

War Office, 14th November 1797.

140,000 — —

IF. Windham.

ESTIMATE

38 Geo. III.

150 Novembris.

67

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps, and of Draughted Regiments, from 25th December 1797 to 24th 1798,

both inclusive, being 365 Days,

Idforfe Jrenadie Guards:

r 1 Major -2 Lieutenants and Captains

1 Lieutenant and Captain

2 Guidons and Captains Grenadier J 6 Sub Lieutenants

' 1 Adjutant 2 Chaplains 2 Surgeons -2 Riding Mailers

each

Agent

Foot: —

Invalids; —

I Major and Captain I Lieutenant

Agency

4ift

Fegiment of Foot,

or

Invalids t

j Captains *

1 Captain Lieutenant 6 Lieutenants -6 Ensigns -I Adjutant 1 Quarter. Mailer 1 Surgeon *

- each

Agency

- £.240- — — - 82. 2. 6.

Companies f 6 Captains of <15 Lieutenants Invalids: t 9 Ensigns

each £.171. 7. 1.

- 79 1 4 *

62. 16. 7J.

Agency -Allowances to 6 Captains, each £<80.

Officers of Independent Corps, and of Draughted Regiments, upon Account - -

Total

Charge for 365 Days.

L s. d.

456 5

355- 7- 6. 711 5 —

— — 55 2 6

337- 12 6. 675 5 —

228. 2. &. 1,368 15 —

— 173 7 6

121. 3- 4- 243 '6 8

146. — — ' 292 — —

4 $ 12k 6. 91 5 — '

4, Ifc7 I 8

mm 80 *

80 13

m ' 2 r 4

171. 7- I 5»4 I 3

— — 79 9 4

79- 19. 4- 479 16 —

62. 16. 7b 376 19 7i

— — . 68 10 10

— - — 79 9 4

— — 68 10 10

1,667 17 2

41 13 11

322 2 6

1,028 2 6

1,199 10 —

56s 9 5 *

2,793 1 ul

69 16 61

48O; —

C

4>247

s. d.

1 8

259 6 3

82 13 10

2,031 13 71

3,342 18 Si 2 3,500 ——

33>463 13 10

War Office,

14th November 1797.

IN. Windham.

Vol. 53.

ESTIMATE

68 ' 15 ° [Novembris. 1797.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Commtflury General of Hie Mullers; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General , for the Year 1798.

—; / J. d.

Paymaster General, his. Deputies, Clerks, Ac. - -- -- - 16,490 4 6

Fees at the Exchequer - - - -- - to 10

Commissary General of the Musters, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. 6,048 13 9

Judge Advocate General - ----- ---- 2,769 5 9

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army - -- -- - 6,052 —

H 0 rv V-> 1 1 108,582 4 IO

War Office,

14th November 1797.

' IV.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1793.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th 1797 to

24th December 1798, both inclusive ——

For the Allowances to Four Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of

Horse Guards, at Ten Pounds per Annum each - - - - £. 40 ——

Ditto to Eight Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards,

at Seven Pence per Diem each - S5 j 4

jC a. d. 163,874 16 8

* 5 3 4

Toul

164,000 — —

War Office,

14th November 1797.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's

American Forces, for the Year 1798.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive - - -Allowances to Officers of Ditto per Annum - ----- -- e £. s. 5Mco 7,500

Total - - 60,000

‘ War Office, '14th November 1797. W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of t e Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service

of 2 'heStates General, for the Year 1798.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive ——

1,000 — —

War Office, 14th November 1797.

IV. Windham.

Qrdcred,

Estimates, &c. presented:

UppCrCanada. Nova Scotia.

New Bnxnf-vrick.

St. John's

lAarn -

Ckpe Breton.

150 Novembris.

69

38 Geo. HI.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1798 to the 24th of June 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the ift of Jamiary to the 31st: of December 1798-: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Bretoit, in America, from die 24th of June 1798 to the 24th- of June 1799: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of in America,

from the ift of April 1798 to the ill of April 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama l/la in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1798 to the 24th of June 1799: And

also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dfrom the 31st of December 1797 to the ift of January 1799: And also, Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1797 to the 10th of October 1798: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Total of the Estimates 1798." And the Titles of the said Estimates and Paper were read.

The said Estimates and Paper are as followeth j viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in ' America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1798.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - - - *

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General -

Solicitor General - -

Two judges of the Common Pleas, each 500 -

Clerk of the Crown-and Pleas

Two Sheriffs, ut £.\oo per Annum each ——

... Secretary and Register- — ~ ——

Clerk of the Council ——

Receiver General of the Revenues - -

Five Executive Councillors, each £. too - -

Naval Officer ——

Bishop's Commissary - - .

Temporary Allowance for Four Clergymen - - - -'

Allowance on Account of Fees cn the Receipt and Audit

Agent ——

Allowance to the Widow of Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, late Governor of the Bermudas, in Reward of his firm and judicious Conduct and able Services at the My amis, and in Consideration of her llraitcned Circumstances, per Annum ——

1

1

2,000 — —

1,100 — — 30° — — 100 — —

1,000 — — lod — = — 200 — —

300 ——

100 — — 200 — — 500 — 100 — —

150 ——

400 — — 250 — — 200 — - —

156 — —

7,150 ——

Vol. 53.

T ESTIMATE

Newfount!-

land.

Bahama 1 hands.

Bermudas *

Dominica.

New South Wales.

Total of the Ellimates.

t

7°

15° Novembris. J, 1797.

ESTIMATE of the Charge-of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Scotia, in America,

from the tft of January to the 3 ift of December 17-58.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

Chief Justice - -

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Cldrk of the Cotincil - - .

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands -

Treasurer - *

Allowance to a Bishop D° - to Ministers

A MifTionary to the German Inhabitants whd have joined the Church of England Allowance towards finishing the College at Win

To the Reverend Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimate - *

T. o the Reverend Mr. Ereynton, D° - * - - - - , -

To the Reverend Dr. Broun, Minister of the PrelbytCrian College &t until otherwise provided for - - . - -

To Mr. Thompson, Prothonotary, to cease when an Allowance shall be granted to him by the House of Affefhbly - - _ - - _ .

Mrs. Chllnam's Annuity -

Allowance to the Superintendant of the Fisheries

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit ——

Agent - - - *

c

1,000 1850 — -1-150 — — 250 - — -

lOO —

,50 — '

50 700 -r-

565 ——

75 — —

500 — ----<

100 — —

150 ——

1

IS —

too — - —

100 ——

200 ——

200 — —

2 CO — —

— m — . n I

5 9 5 -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil EstablishtaenC of the Province of Brunswick, id

America, from the 24th of June 1798 to the 24th of 1799.

The Salary of the lieutenant Governor - - -

Chief Justice ——

Three Assistant Judges, at £. 300 per Annum each -Attorney General - - „ _ - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer -

Surveyor General of Lands ..

Stipends and Allowances to Ministers *

Allowance to the Bishop of Nova Scotis Commissary at New $run/wick

Allowance on Account, for Contingencies.

Agent

1,000

500

900

5°

250

100

150

700

150

500

150

4,55 ——

estimate

j8 Geo. III.

150 Novembris.

7 *

ES T IMAT E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishtrienl of the Island of Saint John, in America *

from the ift of'January to the 31st of 1798.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General -

Secretary Register, and Clerk of the Council - -

Naval Officer - -

' Provost. Marshal -

Minister

Surveyor General - - '

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council, Ditto -' - Ditto - -

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and'Audit - -

Allowance for Contingencies - -

Agent - - - w . - i. i i

500 — —

JCO

IOO — —

- 150 — —

100

ico — —

70

IOO —

k 90

60 — —

2a IOO —

130 -

"t IOO — —

'£ 1,900 — —

ESTIMATE Of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the IHand of Cape Breton, in America,

from the 24th of Juki 1798 to the 24th of June 799.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - "N - - - - 500 — —

Chief Justice k - - - A k 300 — —

Attorney General - - - - . - 4oO —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - - - k - 150 ~

Minister - A 2. - - - loo —

Surveyor General - - - k k IOO —

Naval Officer - '14. k T k - k loo — —

Provost Marshal - & V - m ICO — —

Allowance to a Public Schoolmaster - _ 3. - - X k 40 — —

Allowance upon Account, for Contingencies - - k - k 200 — —

Agent - . * - ► f - - 150 —

£ 1,840 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the IHand in America *

from the ift of April 1798 to the 1 ft of April 1799.

Salary of the Governor -

Governor's Secretary -Judge of the Admiralty -

Naval Officer Allowance to the Missionary at Saint John's Allowance, on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit

Agent

f.i s. d. 5 co — — 182 10 — 200 — — leo — — .

50 ——

loo ——

ICO —

1,232 10 —

Vol. 53.

ESTIMATE

7$ 150 Novembris, A. 1797.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama glands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1798.

Additional Salary to the Governor -

Salary of the Chief justice

Two Assistant Judges, at loo per Annum each - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Attorney General -

Provost Martha! - - - - .

'Naval Officer «.» -

Surveyor General of Lands - -

Minister ----- ---- - s--

Minister at Harbour Island and ——

Three Missionaries at the other lffands, at £. 70 each -Allowance to Mrs. Wegg, for the Support of herself and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration of the long Services and Sufferings of her late Husband Edmund Rush JVegg, late Attorney General - - . -

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government Allowance for Contingencies ——

Agent ——

jC *

L-

800

500

400

150

i5o

150

150

150

70

70

210

ISO ——

70® — — *

300 ——

15° — —

4,100 -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, or Somers

from the 24th of June 1798 to the 24th of June 1799.

Salary, of the Chief Justice Fees on Receipt - - ' £ 500 — — 80 — - —

- Total - - 580 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the 31st

of December 1797 to the ift of January 1799.

Salary of the Chief Justice of the Istand - '

To cease when a Salary shall be provided by the Legislature of the I (land.

£.600 — > —

1

ESTIMATE

3 8 Geo. III. 15 N 73

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of AV&y /£ Wales, from the 10th

of 1797 to the 10th of 1798.

Salary of the Governor ——

Deputy Judge Advocate -

CominilTary - -

Provoll Marshal ——

Secretary to the Governor ——

For Stationary -

Chaplain -

Surgeon ——

Three Mates, at £.91 5J. each -

Assistant ——

Surveyor of Lands - -

Boat Builder - - - - -' - -

Two Deputy Commissaries of Stores ——

Two Aiiillant Store Keepers ——

Nine Superin'cndants of Convicts, at 50 per Annum each -Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk island - -

Additional Salary, to be reduced to £. 100. when Lieutenant Governor King shall be promoted in the Line of his Profession -

Chaplain - - - _ - -

Surgeon - -. - -

Deputy Commissary of Stores -

One Storekeeper ——

Deputy Surveyor of Lands - - - -.

Three Superintendants of Convicts,1 at £.50. each - - - -.

One Mailer Carpenter ——

One Beach Mailer and Pilot ——

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Provoll Marshal - -

Allowance to Governor Phillip, in Consideration of his meritorious Services - .

Allowance to Mr. White, lare Surgeon ——

Upon Account, for Fees anu Audit -

Agent -

£ j.

1 >000 — —

181 10 —

182 10 —

91 5 —

91 5 —

20 ——

182 10 —

182 10 — -

273 »s —

50 ——

182 10 — 9r $ — 182 10 — 100 — - —

'450 ——

250 — —

200 — — 146 — —

130 ——

9t 5 —

50 ——

91 5 —

150 ——

40 ----- ->

5° ——

146 ----- ---'

70 ——

500 — —

91 5 —

200 — — -150 ——

5,618 5 —

Arrears due to the following Officers at Norfolk , One Year Three Quarters and Four Days; viz. from ill January 1796 to ictn 1797:

To Deputy Judge Advocate, at 8 Day To Mailer Carpenter, at £. 40. per Annum To Beach Miller and Pilot, at £. 50. Annum To Provoll Marshal, at £. 70. per Annum -

£. 257 2 —

- 70 8 9

88 — 11

123 5 4

The Salary (£. 250.) of the Lieutenant Governor at Sydney, is omitted in this Year's Estimate, on Account of his long Absence from his Poftj and there is also a Reduction of One Surgeon's Mate. (£.91. 5s.)

S33 i? — 6,157 2 —

TOTAL of the ESTIMATES, 1798.

Upper Canada Nova Scotia New Brurjwick St. John's - -

Cape Breton Newfoundland -Bahama islands Bermudas Dominica New South Wales

Vol. 53.

u

£ e,

7,150 — —

5»915 ----- --- *

4,550 ----- --.

1,900 ——

1,840 — — 1,232 10 — 4,100 - — 580 — — 600 — — -6,157 2 —

34»°24 1 —

Ordered,

V \

74 150 Notembrh.A. 1797.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The Ofder of the Day being read;

Supply, defer- Refo/ved, That this House will, this Afternoon, red. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock this Afternoon

Pofi Meridiem.

King's An- ' Mr. Speaker reported, That both Houses attended d'-is ot both His Majesty, this Day, with their Address; to which ilouies. His Majesty was plealed to give this most Gracious

Answer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Nothing could be more satisfactory to Me than this Unanimous Declaration of the Sentiments of My Two Houses of Parliament. They are such as the Conduct and declared Intention of the Enemy could not fail to produce. We are engaged in a Cause which is common to Us all, and contending for every Interest which a free and independent Nation can have to maintain. Undef thf Blessing of Providence, I look with Confidence to the Issue of this great Contest: But in every Event My Resolution is taken. It is such as I owe to God, to My Country, and to Myself; and it is confirmed by the Sentiments which you have this Day declared to Me. I will not be wanting to My People, but will stand, or fall, with them in the Defence of Our Religion, and in the Maintenance of the Independence, Laws, and Liberties of these Kingdoms.

Tower Ham- A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers acting irts sewer Pe and fof the Limits of the Hamlets, exclusive

of St. Catharine's and Marshwas presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, from Time immemorial, there has been, ftiil is, and of Right ought to be, a Common and Public Sewer on Little Tower Hill, within the Tozver Hamlets, in the County of Middle/'x, called The Tower Hill Sewer, and which receives the Waters from the City Sewers; and that, tit the latter End of the Year 1794, such Sewer was blown up, occasioned-by a Defect which happened , in the City Sewer, as they are informed and believe, and, by an additional Quantity of Waters lately turned therein; that the Petitioners caused the same to be irepaired, but very recently the like Accident has happened again; and that, upon a careful and minute Inspection of such Sewer by skilful Surveyors and Workmen, the same appears, from its Size, not sufficient to carry off the great Body of Waters issuing from the City Sewer, great Part whereof has been recently turned therein, and which were formerly discharged in another Direction, and that a new Sewer is absolutely necessary to be made sufficient for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners have obtained Lefve from the Board of Ordnance to carry the Waters, for the present, into the Tower Ditch, but cannot obtain Leave to continue the fame, as, in the Opinion of that Board, it would be attended with great Inconvenience; and that the District, which has heretofore been rated towards the Repairs of such Sewer, is very small, and that a Rate of Two Shillings and Four Pence in the Pound has been very lately made upon them; and that the several Persons resident Within the City of 'London, who receive Benefit, or avoid Damage, are not fated, or pay towards the said Sewer, although they greatly exceed in Number the Persons within the District who pay thereto, and, as the general Law of Sewers now Hands, all Persons who receive a Benefit, or avoid 6

Damage, ought to contribute and pay in proportion to the Benefit they receive, or the Damage they avoid; but the Petitioners have not Powers, without the Aid of Parliament, to rate them, it not being within the Limits of the Tozver Hamlets, and the Petitioners have applied to the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London', but they decline interfering the rein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to raile Money to make, such new Sewer, and that the Persons resident within the City of London, who receive Benefit, or avoid Damage . thereby, may contribute and pay, together with the Inhabitants of the District in which the said Sewer has its Cotlrfe, in proportion so the Benefit they receive,

Or the Damage they avoid; and that Powers may be given to the Petitioners to raile Money by Annuities, or otherwise, to enable them ta make such new Sewer, and to make Rates, from Time to Time, to defray the necessary Expences of such Sewer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, &c.:

And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine Of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Hetherfett Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the presented Bill Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hetherfett, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, pointed, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr.

John Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the several Reports Committee of which, upon the 3d and 7th Days of March and 21st jw ngtfe Day of April last, were made from the Committee of Bank, re-Secrecy, who were appointed to examine and state the aPPomted-Total Amount of Qutstanding Demands on the Bank of England, and likewise of the Funds for discharging the fame; and to report the Result thereof to the House, together with their Opinion on the Necessity of providing for the Confirmation and Continuance of Measures taken, in pursuance of the Minute of Council, on the 26th Day of February, and who were instructed, on the 9th Day of March last, to enquire into the Necessity of issuing the Minute of Council of the 26 th of and to report their Opinion to the House concerning such Necessity, and what should appear to them to have been the Causes which produced the fame, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the " Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of " the Twenty-sixth of February One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of Calli " by the Bank," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another A ft, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in " this present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act " for confirming and continuing, for a limited Time,

" the

Committee of

Supply.

38 Geo. III. 150 — 16 *

* the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the Twenty-sixth Day of February One thousand

" Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of " Calli by the Bank,' under certain Regulations and " Restrictions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of December 1781, of the Proceedings of the House, upon re-appointing the Committee of Secrecy to enquire into the Causes of the War in the Carnatic., and of the Condition of the British Possessions in thple Parts, might be read.

And the same being, read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee of Secrecy be appointed, to enquire whether it may be expedient further to continue the Restriction contained in the said Acts on Payments in Calli by the Bank.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

The House was moved. That- the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the lft Day of March last, of the Names of the Persons who were reported from the Committee, appointed to examine the Lists of Fifteen Persons Names, to be the Committee of Secrecy to examine and state the Total Amount of Outstanding Demands on the Bank of England like wile, of the

Funds for discharging the lame, and to report the , Result thereof to the House, together with their Opinion on the Necessity of providing for the Confirmation and Continuance of Me&fures taken in pursuance of the Minute of Council on the 2.6th of February. 1797 might be read.

And- the same was read accordingly; and the said Names are as followeth; viz. Esquire,

Charles Greyr Esquire, William , Esquire, Thomas

Powys, Esquire, Thomas Gre Esquire, William Wilberforce, Esquire, John Bl, Esquire, Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, Charles Bragge, Esquire, Sir

John Mitford, William Wilberforce , Esquire, John

Fane, Esquire, isaac Hawkins , Esquire, Sir John

Scott, John William Anderson, Esquire.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of July last, of the Order for issuing a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northamptonin the room of Thomas Powys, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, had accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborcugk, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Mr. Grey, Mr.

Plumer, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bragge, Sir John Milford, Mr. Wilberforce Bird, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir John Scott, and the Lord Mayor of London, together with Lord Viscount Belgrave, be the Committee of Secfecy now appointed.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet forthwith in the Speaker's Chamberj and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power tQ adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit, and to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to lit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment, of the House.

The Order of the Day being read }

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

VOL. 53.

Novembris.

Mft Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Hobart rcpoited from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutionsj which they had dfe rented him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they, may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourried till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Novembris;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1797.

Prayers. V

MR. Amyatt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down and re-building the Plarish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton:. And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bouverie of Northampton, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Waste or Common, called Elfted Marsh, within the fevoral Parishes of EIJied and Trotton, or one of them, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Commonable Pastures, formerly Part of at Moor, called King's Scdgmoor, within the Parish of Chedzoy, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Commonable Failures, formerly Part of the said Moor, containing, by Estimation, 313 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon divers Persons are entitled to Right of Common in respect of their several Tenements situate in the said Parish, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons interested. in the said Commonable Pastures, if the same were divided and allotted to the said several Persons, according, and in proper- tion, to their respective Rights and Interefis therein j And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Commonable Pastures, in such Manner as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bouverie of Northampton, Mr. Gore and

Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ',

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimat of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1798 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth viz.

EXPENCE

Southampton Church fill, presented.

Elfted Inclosure Bill, presented.

Ched/oy In ciomre Petition.

Ordnance Ultimate, prfferned *

i 6° Novembris. A. 1797.

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, purfaantto His Majesty'sOrders, and not

provided for by Parliament;

On Account of 1796:

REGIMENTS

Paid the Allowances for supplying Worms, Turnfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the Effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards and March ng Regiments of Infantry in Great Britain ——

FOREIGN SERVICE.

For Small Arms and Accoutrements shipped on Foard the Merlin Sloop -

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance, and Stores, and Expences incurred in the several Ports in Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, on Accounc of the Navy, beyond the Allowance on the Vote for 110,000 Men for Sea Service for the Year 1796

Carried to Folio 77. - - £.

s. d.

2,823 14 2

2,902 T5 — -

5 726 9 2

114,855 8 6

120,581 17 8

On Account of 1797:

NEW BRUNSWICK. Paid on Account for erecting a Powder Magazine

QUEBEC.

For Stores sent - - —

BAHAMA;

Paid for Current Service and Contingencies ----- 1,949 1 —

For Small Arms sent - - - 179 — —

WEST INDIES. £: t. d.

For Tents sent for His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands - - 4,360 — —

For Intrenching Tools, Accoutrements, and other Stores sent to the

Leeward Islands - - - - - - - - 1,159 12 5

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's

Forces in the Leeward Islands ----- -- 9,9 3 6 a

S DOMINGO.

For Small Arms and Ammunition sent -

833 13 ~

635 7 3

t,ia8 1

15,602 18 7

2,429 1 4

PORT JACKSON. For Small Arms and Accoutrements sent - -

252 13 4

MOROCCO.

'by

38 Geo. HI. 1

, I. ..... _.

MOROCCO.

For Brass Ordnance and Stores, as a Present to die Emperor

S *

For Powder and Stores fen< - v - -

Paid on Account of Contingencies -

IRELAND.

For Brals Ordnance, Powder, and other Stores sent

ISL OF MAN.

£. s. d.

1,266 19 5

1,699 9 3

For Small Arms and Powder sent - - - *

A L D E

Paid for Traversing Platforms

For Stores sent

GUERNSEY.

77

£. i. d. 908 4 6

,966 8 8

6,656 9 10

,454 17 6

200 — —

724 10 a

JERSEY,\

For Stores sent

3 7 12 —

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY, &c.

Paid the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioned

Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of £. s. d. Royal Military Artificers \n England, from 1 ft January to 24th May 1797, inclusive - - 7,59« a

Additional Charge of an Augmentation of the Pay and Allowances of the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, to 31 ft. December 1797 - - - - 18,662 2 8

Paid the Additional Allowance to Innkeepers, for quartering Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery - 2,751 17 11

AMMUNITION FOR SUNDRY REGIMENTS, AND FOR THE MILITIA.

29,012 1 9

Ammunition to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to sundry Fencible -

Regiments and Volunteer Corps of Foot, also to sundry Regiments ' of Fencible and Troops of Gentlemen and Yeomanry Cavalry - - -7,794 3 6

Ammunition for sundry Regiments of Militia - - - - -4,317 — 9

NEUTRAL VESSELS.

Paid into the Court of Admiralty, on Account of the Cargoes of Neutral Ships captured by His Majesty's Ships of War, being over and above the Amount received on the Sales of the said Cargoes by Public Auction -

Brought forward on Account of 1796 -

Total Unprovided -

12,111 4 3

20,268 I 8

96,57 4 10

120,581 7 8

a 7» 53 2 6

Vol. 53. " X ESTIMATE

i6° Novembris. . 1797.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Vear 17981

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Matter General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and s‘

Attendants employed at the "Tower ----- - 15,984 18 —

And at the following Places;

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder

Inspector of Artillery at D , and for proving Guns Superintendant of Military Machines at D *

Hampton Court and St. and Greenwich

Woolwich -

Purfleet ——

Gravesend and Tilbury ——

Chatham ——

Upnor Castle ——

Sheerness ——

Feversham ——

Waltham Abbey ——

Dover ——

Portsmouth - -

Priddyjhard ——

Plymouth ——

Key ham Point -

{Pcndemtis, Scilfy Ifla and

Berwick, Carlisle, Castle, and Clifford's

Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort Guernsey -

1JLtof Man - -

Rent for Use of Land and Houses -

2,076 5 — 1,377 1 6

310 5 —

226 — —

57° —

605 a 6

55 ——

663 17 6

144 15 —

380 ——

583 17 6

523 17 6

120 — —

823 17 6

303 17 6

653 17 6

170 ——

430 — — 448 2 6

448 2 6

100 — —

545 >7 —

£ 27>745 5 —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

North Britain -

Gibraltar -

Jamaica -

1?/. Christopher - -

Antigua ——

Dominica -

S'/. Vincent -

Barbadoes -

Grenada ——

Tobago ——

Martinico

St. Lucia -

Bahama Islands -

Quebec ——

Halifax ——

Annapolis -

JVew Brunswick -

<S7. John's and Placentiain Newfoundland

Pay of Civil Officers < and Artificers at

Pay of Mailer Gunners at die several Garrisons and Batteries in Gr a/ and of the

Gunners at <5/. James's Park and the Tower of with their Allowance for Coals

and Candles

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers,' Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Mettages, Pottage of Letters, and other Contingencies ——

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several small Forts, Cattles, Garrisons, and other Places under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -Fumishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the fame, at the several Barracks retained by the Ordnance for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Royal Military Artificers, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - - - - . -

£. s. d.

13,872 12 6

554 1° —

1,381 7 6

73 5 —

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 — —

584 -

584 ——

219 — — 861 15 —

680 10 — -91 5 —

629 12 6

638 15 —

3>773 17 6

18,000 — —

15,000 — —

3,000 — — Expence

v.

7 9

38 Geo.HI. i6° Novembris.

Expence of Scores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and Small Stores for the of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey —

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower - -

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers -

Common Duty

6,000 —

2,000 --- —

3>974 7

On Account of the Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of £. d. 6 464 Men, Officers included ----- -- 015,445 4 6

Deduct the Pay of One Company, at present paid on the Ir'tjh Eda-

blishment - -- - 3,799 16 1

Pay of a Brigade of Ropl Horse Artillery, confiding of 1,199 Men, Officers included, and 1,572 Horses - -

211,645 18 5

99>015 7 5

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Maders of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of Draughtfmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain and Foreign Garrisons ——

Pay of superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers-for Good Services, pursugnt to His Majesty's Warrants -Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of £.1,291/338. 16. 3 being the Amount of this Edimate. -

310,661 5 10

>5 7 —

x '2,626 17 6 21,645 9 9

2,224 16 —

Ordinary

425,893 10 4

EXTRAORDINARIES, 1798.

NEWFOUNDLAND.

For Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Sm

Service, and Contingencies - - - - 2,000 — —

For Small Arms, IntrenchingTools, and other Stares - - - 4,191 19 6

NOVA SCOTIA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies - - - - 3,000 — —

For erefling a Stone Tower for the Protection of the Three Batteries for the Defence of Halifax Harbour - - 2,768 13 11

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Shot, Shells, and other Stores - - 6,132 17 —

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers - - - - 600 — —

new Brunswick.

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -

For Small Anns and Accoutrements - -

500 — — 6,300 — —

QUEBEC. For Current Service, and Contingencies

6,191 191 6

12,501 10 11

6,800 — —

3,000 — —

BAHAMA ISLANDS.

For Current Service-, and Contingencies ——

2,000 — _

JAMAICA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

ST

For Current Service and Contingencies.

DOMINICA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -

Vql. 53.

2.000 — — .

3.000 — —

3.000 — —; BARBaDOES.

8o

16° Novem

a. 1797.

BARBADOES.

For Cursent Service, and Contingencies - ' . - -

ST VIN C E

For Current Service, and Contingencies

Grenada:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

TOBAGO.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

MART I N I C O.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

ST LUC

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Fay of a Company of Royal Miliary Artificers, for Service of the Islands in general -

On Account of the Pay of Engineers, and Civil Officers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leevsard Islands, also for Contingencies -

T R I N I DA DA.

To pay on Account to the Captors of the Island, for Brass and Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, captured there by the joint Operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea ——

ST DOMINGO.

Pay of a Dettchment of Royal Military Artificers

GIBRALTAR.

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers -

Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works - - -

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works -

For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines

Contingencies in the Engineer Department -

Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeeper's Departments

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Shot, Shells, Timber, and other Stores -

£. s. d.

5,228 12 6 2,280 — —

16,800 ——

2,600 — —

2,000 ——

1,091 7 6

11,502 19 8

PORTUGAL.

For Brals Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, for a Train of Artillery there -

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.

To pay the Captors on Account for Brals and Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, captured there by the joint Operation of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea - - - _ _ - - 43,000 — —

For Powder, Small Arms, and other Stores - - - - -8,21239

IRELAND.

For Small Arms, Brals and Iron Ordnance, Powder, and Stores

JERSET.

For Repairs and Contingencies -

Pay cf Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

GUERNSET.

T vtrot crrryxg on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at

'xr.irr PVu'n b the I Hand - - 74 4 9

-Jfvau:' a Cacr pany of Royal Military Artificers - i»4°4 16 8

- 1,661 3 —

1,404 16 8

£ ' *

5.000 -

4.000 — — 4/500 — —

1.000 — — *

6.000 — —

2.000 — ---

1,357 3 4

20,000 — —

14,658 10 7 1,000 — —

41,502 19 8

18,423 3 5

51,212 3 9

46,484 13 6

3,065 19 8

2,579 11 5 SCOTLAND.

38 Geo. III.

i 6° Novenibris.

81

SCOTLAND.

For Repaid of the several Forts, Cables; and Artillery Barracks in Scotland', Current Service, and Contingencies ——

CiN VE

for Repairs in the Division; and to strengtheri the Works at Dover Caftic; Current Service, and Contingencies

C HAT

Fay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - ' »

SHEERNESS.

For Repairs of the Breakwaters; Works, Current Service, arid Contingencies -

GRAVESEND A d.

For Repairs of the Buildings - 836 10

On Account, for the Repair of Vessels, and Wages of Bargemen and others employed in maintaining the Communication between and

Tilbury 4,168 10 4

PEVERSHAM.

For Repairs of the Buildings

PORTSMOUTH.

For Repairs Of the Old Works, arid other Buildings at Portsmouth, and

various Places in the Division ----- -- 6,748 t6 4

Towards completing Cumberland Fort ----- - 949 16 7

On Account, for Building an Additional Powder Magazine ztTipner Poitit

in Portsmouth Harbour, for Use of the Navy ----- 3,000 — - —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - , - - 2,809 13 5

GOSPORT.

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines Pay of a C ompany of Royal Military Artificers

- 2,892 4 2

- a,809 13 5

P L r MO UT H.

For Repairs of the Lines and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendemus and St. Maw's Cajlles, and at Scilly;

Current Service, and Contingencies - 3,976 6 10

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers 2,809 13 5

4,020 16 7 2,809 13 s

TORBAY.

Towards the Works on The Berry Head, for Defence of Torbay

WOOLWICH.

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

ROYAL LABORATORY.

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers -

WALTHAM ABBEY.

For Repairs of Buildings - -

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS.

For Iron Ordnance, Powder, and Scores, for Defence of the several Batteries on the Coasts - -- 13,521 9 3

For Iron Ordnance, Powder, and Stores, for Defence of the several Forts

and Batteries in North Britain - - - - -6,318134

For Iron Ordnance, Powder, and Stores, fqr Gun Vessels at North Shields

and Leith - 14,714 6 —

Vol. 53. Y

£ s. d.

6.000 — —

17P34 11 I 2,809 13 5

3.000 — —

5,005 10 2 6,060 — —

«3>5°8 6 4

5,701 17 7

6,786 — 3 3,095 6 1

6,830 10 — 9,000 — - — 1,076 16 6

34>554 7 ROYAL

Bill to continue Act to allow the Banks in Scotland to issue certain NoteSj ordered.

16° Novembris. A. 1797.

ROYAL REGIME NY OF ARTILLERY, AND CORPS OF ROYAL MILITARY

For Contingencies of Artillery - - 7,200 ——

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery - - - 3,000 ——

On Account of Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and

Corps of Royal Military Artificers, in Barracks in Great Britain - - 6,000 — —

On Account of the Pay of Six Companies of Royal Irish Artillery, in the

Service of Great Britain, consisting of 600 Men, Officers included - - 14,863 14 3 Ort Account of the Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, consisting of Sixteen Field and Staff Officers,

Three Companies of Artillery, and Ten Officers en Seconde attached to the Corps; also on Account of a Company of French and Maltese Artillery - - 5,000 — —

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Engineers, consisting of 17 Officers - - a,oooo — — -

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Dutch Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, consisting of 339 Men, Officers included - - - 8,000 — —

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Captaio Commissaries and Drivers attached to the Parks of Artillery serving in England - 28,000 — —

On Account for the Hire and Forage of Horses for the Parks of Artillery

in England, and for Contingencies - - _ - - - - 120,000 — —

For Ammunition and Stores for the Parks of Artillery, and for the Battalion Guns attached to thie 'Regiments of Foot and Militia in England; also for Horse Harness, Frocks, and other Articles for Drivers - - 10,462 16 4

For Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores for the Field Train of

Artillery in Scotland - - -3,78471

SMALL ARMS.

For the Supply of Regiments -

SALT PETRE.

208,310 17 8

50,000 — —

For the Purchase of Two Hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company

Unprovided

Extraordinaries m - 647>99a 3 5

Ordinary - - - 425,893 10 4

Ordinary and Extraordinaries - - 1,073,884 13 9

1 £ s. d. /

r5 Land Service . j 1796 {sm Service . -1 V 5 7 6 9 2

- 114,855 8 6

1 797 — Land Service — 96>57 4 10

Office of Ordnance, 16 th November 1797.

8,000 — —

217,153 a 6 1,191,038 16 3

A. Ross.

John Sargent.

Tho. Baillit.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, " for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act u to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, -.in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue

" Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time-, and for indemnifying all Persons who " have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that " Part of the United Kingdom,' for a limited Time,", might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue the said Act for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Tail, Sir John Stuart, and Mr. Fordyce, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr.

38 Geo. lit. t6° — tj° 83

Report Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Supply' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

6amen Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That One hundred and Ten Th<?ufand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1798, including Twenty Thousand Marines.

Wages for D". Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Six hundred Forty-five thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages of the said One hundred and Ten Thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, at the Rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per Man per Month.

vifhuls for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D° That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Seven hundred and Seventeen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said One hundred and Ten Thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, at the Rate ofOne Pound Eighteen Shillings/w Man /wMonth. Wear and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tear of Ships. That a Sum, not exceeding Four Millions Two hundred and Ninety thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said One hundred and Ten Thousand Men, are to serve, for Thirteen Months, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Man per Month.

Ordnance for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Sea Service. That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty-seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said One hundred and Ten Thousand Men are to serve, for Thirteen Months, at the Rate of Five Shillings p Man per Month. Transport Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Service, &c. That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Committee of Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Means "4 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

pointed!1 ' consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted to His Majesty.

Report Ex- Mr, Hobart reported from the Committee, who were pinng Laws, appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act:, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of " Ireland, except for the Purpose of being Warehoused v for Exportation," which was to continue in Force until Thirty Days after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 53.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vmerit, 170 die Novembris;

Anno 38® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Wrarrant Tewkdbniy to the Clerk of the'Crown, to make out a new Writ *

Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Gloucester, in tire room of William well, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Bahama Islands.

A Petition of John Joachim Frederick Wegener, vj&s Wegener's presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave Nat- Petition may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Sir George AuguJIuWilliam Shuck-burgh Evelyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Tail presented to the House, according to Bill to con-Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, rinue Act to an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, inti- BajiksinScot-tuled, " An Act to continue an Act, made in this pre- land to idue " sent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to re- patented?16 *

" vive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend,

" an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament,

" intituled, ‘An Act to allow the Banks, and certain " Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small " Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom,' for a limited TimeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickinson, Junior, presented to the Hottle, Chedzoyin-according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting c,°fure Bill, the Commonable Pastures within the Parish of Chedzoy, pre ente ' ini the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Middlezoy thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Dmiion au4 read; Setting forth. That there is, in the Parish of peti on.nt Middlezoy, in the County of Somerset, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture called The Middlezoy Allotment, lately Part of a Moor called King's Sedgmoor, containing, by Estimate, 600 - Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners, and several other Persons, have and claim to be entitled to Right of Common, in respect of their several Tenements situated in the said Parish; and that there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, containing, by Estimation, 500 Acres, or thereabouts whereon the Petitioners, and divers other Persons, are entitled to divers small detached and intermixed Parcels, which are very inconveniently situated for the Occupation thereof; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons interested. in the said Open and Commonable Pasture, if the same was divided and allotted, into several distinct Allotments,

84 170 Novembris. 1797

ments, to the said several Peiforts, and it would also; be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Commonable Arable Lands, if the several Parcels thereof were exchanged and allotted and laid together, as the same would thereby be much improved, and rendered more convenient and productive to the several Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Commonable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the said Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the said Parish of , with such Powers, Regulations, and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson, Junior, Mr. Senior, and

Mr. Gore Langton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Temple Bar The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the

Petit m nt City London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, prefettted to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of in Common Coun-

cil assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for widening and improving the Entrance into the " City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more " commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for " raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum " of Money for those Purposes ;" and that a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Act into Execution, and it hath been discovered that the Powers thereof require to be altered, amended, enlarged, and rendered more effectual, in order to enable the Petitioners to complete the several Works by the said Act authorized and directed to be done; and that the taking down of the Church of Saint Clement Danes, as authorized by the said Act, will, as the Petitioners now conceive, be attended with great unnecessary Expence, as well as considerable Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that, by Plans and Surveys which the Petitioners have lately caused to be made, it appears, that a commodious and sufficient Enlargement of the Street, from Clement's, Church Yard to Temple Bar, may be made without removing the said Church, and at a much less Expence, by taking down certain Houses on the South Side of the Strand, and at the West End of Saint Clement's Church Yard, whereby the Communication between the Cities of London and will be

greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, the Powers of the said Act, and for effecting the other Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cojisideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

S etSon' ie House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reigft of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of " London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for

raising, on the Credit of the'Orphans Fund, a Sum " of Money for those Purposes;" and that a considerable Progress hath been made in executing the Works by the said Act directed to be done; and the Petitioners conceive that, in order to render the Improvements thereby intended more complete, it is expedient that an Opening should be made, from a Part of the Strand called Butcher Row, into Carey Street, thereby to form a Communication between the Strand, the Inns of Court, and Lincoln' s-Imi Fields; and that one great Cause of Obstruction in the Passage between the Cities of London and Westminster arises from the confined Entrances into Chancery Lane, and, in order to remove that Inconvenience, it is necessary that the North and South Entrances of that Street, the North Side of Fleet Street, from Chancery Lane to Temple Bar, and the East End of Carey Street, where it communicates with Chancery Lane, should be widened; and that it would be of great Convenience and Accommodation to the Public, if the Improvement lately made, by widening the East End of Long Lane near Aldersgate Street, was continued and carried through the said Lane into West Smithfield: And therefore praying.

That the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act may be extended, with such Amendments and Alterations as may be necessary to enable the Petitioners to effect the several Objects and Purposes above-mentioned, or that the Petitioners may be enabled to execute the same in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr.

Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That the Seventh and Eighth Proceeding of the Resolutioqs which, upon the 20th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, were reported from the 0fstatute4°n Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- reared to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the most effectual Means of promulgating the Statutes of the Realm, and to report the fame, with their Observations, to the House; and which, upon the 27th Day of April last, were agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That the precise Duration of every new " Temporary Law should be expressed in the Title of " the Bill, and also in a distinct Clause at the End of " the Bill, and no where else."

" Resolved, That, where the Revival of several Expired Statutes, or the Continuance of several Expiling Statutes, is proposed, all such as are to be revived should be included in one Bill, and such as " are to be continued in another; and that every Bill,

" presented for the Revival of several Statutes, or for " the Continuance of several Statutes, should express in its Title, that the same is for reviving, or for continuing, the several Statutes therein mentioned, and " should describe, in its Title, every such Statute by its Year, Chapter, and Day of passing, together with " the precise Duration proposed to be given thereto."

Resolved, That the precise Duration of every new Refolmton Temporary Law should be expressed in the Title of the made

Bill, Order . *

v

38 Geo. III.

\~]? Novem

Bill, and also in a distinct Clause at the End of the Bill, and no where else.

Resolved, That, where the Revival of several Expired Statutes, or the Continuance of several Expiring Statutes, is proposed, all such. as are to be revived should -be included in one Bill, and l'uch as are to be continued in another; and that every Bill for the Revival of several Statutes, or for the Continuance of several Statutes, should express, in its Title, that the same is for reviving, or for continuing, the several Statutes therein mentioned, and should describe, in its Title, every such Statute by its Year, Chapter, and Day of parting, together with the precise Duration to be given thereto.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be made Standing Orders of this House.

Report from Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee of Secrecy,

Committee of That the Committee had enquired into the Matter to 3' them referred, and had directed him to make a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.-

Your Committee have, in the First Place, examined the total Amount of Out-standing Demands on the Bank of England, and of the Funds for discharging the fame; and find, from the Examination of the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank, and the Documents produced by them, that the total Amount of Out-standing Demands on the Bank was, on the nth Day of this Instant 17,578,910;

'and that the total Amount of the Funds for discharging the same (without including the permanent Debt due from Government, of £. 11,686,800, which bears an Interest of £. 3 per Cent.) was, on the same Day, £.21,418,460; leaving a Balance of Surplus in favour of the Bank (exclusive of the above-mentioned Debt from Government) of £.3,839,550.

Your Committee next proceeded to examine the principal Articles of which the above-mentioned Sum of £.21,418,460, being the Credit Side of the Account, is made up, with a View of ascertaining how far the Bank might be enabled to resume its accustomed Payments in Calli, in case the Restriction at present subsisting should be removed: And Your Committee find, that the Advances to Government have, on the one Hand, been so much reduced, since the 25th of February last, as tp amount, on the said nth Day of this Instant , to no more than

the Sum of £. 4,258,140, while, on the other Hand, the Cafii and Bullion in the Bank have encreased to an Amount more than Five Times the Value of that at which they flood on the same 25th of February last, and much above that at which they have flood at any Time since the Beginning of September 1795.

Your Committee further find, that the Course of Exchange with Hamburgh is, at present, unusually favourable to this Country, and that, from the Situation of our Trade, there is good Reason 'to imagine it will so continue, unless Political Circumstances should occur to afiedl it.

Your Committee next proceeded to examine the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank, as to their Opinion of the Inconvenience which may have arisen from the Restriction impoftd on the Bank from making Payment in Cash, and of the Expediency of continuing such Restriction; and Your Committee find, that they are not aware of any such Inconvc- nience, and that they are supported in that Idea, by knowing that the Bankers and Traders of who

had a Right by the Act of Parliament to demand Three Fourths of any Deposit in Cash which they had made in the Bank, of £.500 or upwards, have only claimed about One Sixteenth: And Your Committee find, that the Court of Directors of the Bank did, on Vo t.53.

the 26th of Octoberf 797, corrte to a ftel'olution 4

Copy of which is subjoined to this Report.

Your Committee having further examined the Governor and Deputy Governor, as~to what may be meant by the Political Circumstances mentioned in that Resolution, find, that they understand by them, the State of Hostility in which the Nation is Hill involved, and particularly such Apprehensions as may be entertained of Invasion, either in Ireland or this Country, together with the Pofllbility there may be of Advances being to be made from this Country to Ireland; and that from those-Circumstances so explained, and from the Nature of the War, and the avowed Purpose of the Enemy to attack this Country by Means of its Public Credit, and to dirtrefs it in its Financial Operations, they are led to think that it will be expedient to continue the Restriction now subsisting, with the Reserve for partial Issues of Cash, at the Discretion of the Bank, of the Nature of that contained in the present Acts; and that it may be so '

continued, without Injury to the Credit of the Bank, and with Advantage to the Nation.

Your Committee, therefore, having taken into Consideration the general Situation of the Country, are of Opinion, that notwithstanding the Affairs of the Bank, both with respect to the general Balance of its Accounts, and its Capacity of making Payments in Specie, are in such a State that it might with Safety resume its accustomed Fundtions, under a different State of Public Affairs; yet, that it will be expedient to continue the Restriction now subsisting on such Payments, for such Time, and under such Limitations, as to the Wisdom of Parliament may seem fit.

Copy of a Resolution of the Court of Directors of the Bank.

" At a Court of Directors, at the Bank, on

Thursday the 26th October, 1797;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Court,

That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are enabled to issue Specie, in any Manner that may be deemed necessary for the Accommodation of the Public; and the Court have no Hesitation to declare, that the Affairs of the Bank are in such a State, that it can with Safety resume its accustomed Fundlions, if the Political Circumstances of the Country do not render it inexpedient: But the Directors deeming it foreign to their Province to judge of these Points, wish to submit to the Wisdom of Parliament, whether, as it has been once judged proper to lay a Restriction on the Payments of the Bank in Cash, it may, or may not, be prudent to continue the fame."

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill to eon-last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " confirming and continuing, for a limited Time, the Payments by " Restriction contained in the Minute ot Council of the Bank,

" the Twenty-sixth of February One thousand Seven 01 erc " hundred and Ninety-leven, on Payments of Calli by " the Bank," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in " this present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited " Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of " Council of the Twenty-sixth Day of February One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, on Pay-

Z " mems

8 6

7

Novembrii.

* ments of Calli by the Bank, under certain Regulations and Restrictions," might be read. x

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine ConThat Leave be given

to bring in a Bill, to continue, for a further Time, the 'Restriction contained in the said Acts on Payments in Cash by the Bank, and also to continue and amend the other Provisions in the fame: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to con- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the rdpedHne the kft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Negotiation " suspend, for a limited Time, the Operation of Two of Promissory Acts, of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the defect.' °f" Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the

" Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland IJills of " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The Hoqfe was also moved. That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to revive, amend, and continue, for a limited Time,

* an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament,

" intituled, An Act to suspend, for a limited Time,

" the Operation of Two Acts, of the Fifteenth and " Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory " Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited " Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called "land" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act " further to continue an Act, made in this present Sef-

1797.

lion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to suspend, f>r " a limited Time, the Operation of Two Acts, of the " Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of " Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, " under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain " called Englandas revived, amended, and continued, " by a subsequent Act of this Session, passed lor the " Purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the " fame; and also for continuing such subsequent Act," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue the said Acts, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Wilberforce Bird and Mr. Bur dan do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of the Expected Amount of Pensions and Allowances to American Loyalists, for the Year 1798: And also.

An Estimate of the Sum which may be necestary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, for the Yeitr 1798: And also,

An Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1798: And also.

An Estimate of the Amount of Bills which may be drawn for the Repairs of the Pier and Light House at the Entrance of Douglas Harbour, in the of Man, in the Year 1798.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth,

Estimates &c. prelected.

American Lo) aliiU.

Fienoh

Keiu tcs

Secret Service Abroad.

Lirjht House in riie lue of M-ua.

An ESTIMATE of the expected Amount of Pensions and Allowances to American Loyalists, for the

k Year 1798.

Forty-four Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 17th November 1797.

Charles Long.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be necessary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity

of France, for the Year 1798.

One Hundred and Sixty-eight Thousand Pounds

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 17th November 1797.

Charles Long.

An

38 Geo. III.

17° Novemlris.

87

- An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be Wanted for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1798.

For His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad - - Deduct, The Charge of the Estimate of the Civil List dor this Service 7 S>°? 25,000

< £ 150,000

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 17 th November 1797. Charles Long. m

An ESTIMATE of the Amount of Bills which may be drawrn for the Repairs of the Pier and Light House at the Entrance of Douglas Harbour, in the Isle of Man, in the Year 1798.

Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 17th November 1797.

Charles Long.

Ordiredj That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

upply- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Estimates of Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Ma-»

Ordimiy and jesty's Navy for the YeaM798, be referred to the said

to£Na,r, Coratnittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Ite-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had coine to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee cf Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the House w.iys and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ilouio,

, Vol. 53-

to consider of Ways and Medns for tailing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain - Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

‘ Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House That he was directed by the Cohimittee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according- to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being Warehoused for Exportation, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First-

rp'

I tme.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Tax on Certificates granted for killing of Game, during the present Year, io far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this 1/oufe, an 8 Account

Cambnckt

BiiJ.presentfd,

Aecounfs of

Produce ot Taxes on G;unc

cates, and on

88

170 — 20° Novembris.

A.

1797,

Wegener's Nat. Bill, presented.

Jolivet's Nat. Petition.

Hetherfett In-ciofure Bill, committed.

Account of the Produce of the Tax upon Dogs, during the present Year, so far as the same can be made up.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Lun<z 20° die Novembris;

Anno 38® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Joachim Diederick Wegener: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Henry Jolivet was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Sir Charles Banbury., &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sandy Inclosure Petition.

intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from " ford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and " Hitime, to the Town of Bin the County

Palatine of Lane aft erf and also an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the d erm and Powers " of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of his " late Majesty, for repairing the Road from " Bridge to Manchester, and for amending the Road " from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Cl:after," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from Crofford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of was, by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth of his late Majesty, made a Turnpike Road; and although it was afterwards included in the faitl Act of the Filth of His present Majesty, yet has been kept separate and diflindl from the other Road from Crofsford Bridge to Altrincham, is managed by a different Set of Trustees, and the Tolls collected thereon have been from Time to Time, and by both the said Acts are directed to be, applied for Purposes separate and diflindl from those for which the Tolls collected on the other Part of the said Road are by the said Acts directed to be applied; and that the Trullees appointed by virtue of the said Acts have, so far as relates to the Road from Crofsford Bridge to IS Line heft er, proceeded in the Execution thereof, and borrowed a cohsiderable Surn of Money on Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Toils, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be re-paid, and the said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the said Acts, lo far as relate to the said Road, be continued, and further and other Powers and additional Tolls granted; and that it W'ould be more convenient to the Trullees, and beneficial to the said Road, it the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Crofford Bridge to Manchester aforesaid,' except as to the Terms thereby granted, were repealed, and further and other Powers and Tolls granted: And therefore praying, That Leave

A Petition of the several Persons, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Sandy, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Acts, forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several so far as relate to that Part of the said Road which

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors, if the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waft Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House may fe m meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. OJbornand Mr. St. John

in, the fame.

leads from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid to Manchester (except as to the Terms thereby granted and continued) and for granting additional Tolls and further and other Powers instead thereof, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Peek, Mr. See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Emberton In-c.ol'ure Bill, pre tented.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Waste or Common, called E/fteJ within the fe-

vcral Parishes of E/Jled and Trot ton, or one of them, in do prepare, and bring the County of was read a Second Time.

That the Bill be committed to Mr. of Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to

The Earl Temple presented to the House, according meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Speaker's Chamber, and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and

Commonable Places, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Emberton, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Crofsford Bridge and Mane Seller Kund Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, which fubfilled previous to the 5th of January 1791, in the Years ending 10th October 1796 and 1797 respectively; adding thereto, the Difference between the A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Produce of the Duties on Home-made Spirits in each Execution an Act, paflecj in the Twenty-fourth Year of Year respectively, and the Average Produce thereof in the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Three Years, ending the 10th October 1794; and adding

likewise.

Elded Iiiclo-iure Bill, committed.

Account of Permanent Taxes, ordered.

3 8 Geo IIL % o° Novembris, 89

likewise, the Amount of the Sums paid from the Revenue of Customs, on Account of Bounties for Corn imported or Bounties for railing Seamen, in the Years 1796 And 1797;

Cambrick A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland> except for the Purpose. of being Ware-housed for Exportation, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

kin to conti. A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An Banks in Scot- " Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session nmcs rt ar ainent» intituled, k‘ An Act to revive and committed " continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, " passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled.

n An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking " Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, u for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all " Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of " Money in that Part of the United Kingdom,' for a " limited Time," was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the Whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill,

Mr. Longpresented to the House, by His Majesty s

Command,

Estimate of the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts at Home, for the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Amount of Bills which are drawn, and may be drawn, from the Settlement at New South Wales, for the Use of the fame, and which may become due in the Year 1798.

And the Titles or the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followed!, viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home,

for the Year 1798.

On the River THAMES:

95 Convicts, Average Number of the Prudmtia Hulk.

230 D0, - - - Average Number of the Stanislaus Hulk.

s.

525 Convicts, for 365 Days, at the present Allowance of

14 i d. per Day - 11,577 6 10 j

Contingent Expences, for Salary to Chaplain, Coroner's Inquests, Bounties and Cloathing to Convicts discharged at the Expiration of their several Sentences, &c. - 178 2 — f

Fees on Receipt of £ 11,755. 8 n

In LANGSTON and PORTSMOUTH Harbours;

920 Convicts, from ill January to the 31st December £. s. d. 1798, both Days included, is 365 Days, at 14 per Day - - 20,287 18 4

Contingent Expences, for Salaries to Chaplains, Coroner's Inquests, Bounties and Cloathing to Convicts discharged at the Expiration of their several Sentences, &c. 400 — < —

Fees on Receipt of £. 20,687. Sr. 4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 20th November 1797.

£ d.

11,755 8 11

329 1 6

20,687 18 4

553 8 6

Charles Long.

£ A d.

12,084 10 5

21,241 6 10

33>325 17 3

Vol. 53.

A a

An

Accounts pM fented:

Convicts.

New South Wales,

9o

2.0° Novembris.

A. 1797.

An ESTIMATE of thi Amount of Bills which are drawn, an$ may be drawn from the Settlement at New South Wales, for the Use of the fame, and which" may become due in the Year 1798.

Thirty-six Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall 20th November 1797.

J. King.

Address foa Account of Money issued pursuant to Addresses.

Account of Filins wanting for Relief to American and Kail Florida Sufferers, ordered.

Report

bupply.

Ordinary of Navy.

Ordered That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as axe of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became, due on the 10th Day of October 1797, on the several Orders made out pursuant to an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Diflensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such. Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army'or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of 1798, toge-

ther with the Sum of £.6. 5s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1798, after the same Rate of £.$. ior. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 5 of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively, in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are to be particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Eighty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year

1798-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Navy. That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Thirty-nine thousand Five hundred and Thirty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Weauand Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Marine Mutiny Bill, ordered.

Report Ways and Means.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,' for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Sir Philip Stephens, the Lord Arden, and Mr. Nepean, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mult. That, towards raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament, of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's lleign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 179S, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon all Mum which shall be made or imported, and' all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1798 to the 24th Day of June 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Land Tax. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 179S, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed;and that a propor-

tionable Cei's, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally pub thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

L

Committee of Supply.

Estimates, See. referred: Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations.

General and Stiif Officers, See.

Difference between Bri-ti£h and Irish Pjjr *

Troon in

Edit Iiriia-

Recruiting for D°.

Recruiting Lind Forces, and Contingencies, & c.

Embodied Militia and Fencible Infantry.

Contingencies, &c. for D.

Cloithing for Militia.

Fencible

Cavalry.

Extern Feed for D°.

4

Sub side nee paid to Innkeepers.

38 Geo. III. '20° Novembris. 91

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First creased Rates of Subfillence to be paid to Innkeepers, of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mn and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1798,

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Thomas Town- be referred to the said Committee.

field, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.- Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr; OrdeThat the Estimate of the Charge of Full Full Pay to

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majally's Forces,

Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. including the Officers of Independent Corps, and of

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other Draughted Regiments, from 25th December 1797 to of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. 24th Dec 1798 both inclusive, being 365 Days, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Thomas Town-be referred to the said Committee. field, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Ordered, That the E(lunate of the Charge of the Al- Allowances Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, lowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Gener3'n&c" and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Land Forces; to the Commissary General of the Muf-

ters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comp-The Order of the Day being read, for the House to trailers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster Gene-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; ral for the Year 1 798, be referred to the said Com-Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, mittee.

Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Half Pay. Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, from 25th December Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His 1797 to 24th December 179S, both inclusive, being Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1798,

365 Days, be referred to the said Committee; be referred to the said Committee. 1 4

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half D».

Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His serving at Gibraltar, in Portugal, and at the Cape of Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1798, be re-Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, ferred to the said Committee, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Ik both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Brigade in Committee. the Sendee of The States General, for the Year 1798,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General be referred to the said Committee, and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, lerv- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance, ing with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1798 — Land Sendee,

Jersey, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said be referred to the said Committee.

Committee. ( Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- UpperCanada.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the ing the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Canada, in America, from the ill of January to the Regiments of Foot for Service Abroad, from 25th 31st of D 1798, be referred to the said Com-December 1797 to 24th December 179S, both inclusive, mittee.

being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Nova Scotia.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four ing the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova

Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Fifteen Regiments Scotia, in America, from the ill of January to the

of Foot, for Service in Laf India, for the Year 1798, 31st of December 1798, be referred to the said Corn-

being 365 Days, be ref.rred to the said Committee. mittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- New Bruaf-Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot, frayirtg the Civil Establishment of the Province of wicl1, flati_>ned in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruit- New in America, from the 24th of June 1798

ing the Regiments serving in East India, from'25th to the 24th of June 1799, be referred to the said Com-December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive, mittee.

being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de St.John' *

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Re- fraying the Civil Establishment of the llland of Saint Ili- nd-

cruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land John, in America, from the ill of January to the 31st Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great of December 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Britain, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Cape Breton. ‘Committee. ing the Civil Establishment of the llland of

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the in America, from the 24th of June 1798 to the 24th of

Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps June 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

oLFencible Infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Nevrfound-

and the Islands of Scillyand Man, from 25th December ing the Civil Establishment of the llland of Newfound- laild-1797 to 24th December 798, both inclusive, being laud, in from the ill of April 1798 to the ill

365 Days, be referred to the said Committee. of April 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Con- Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Bahama tingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fert- ing the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in ltUnds‘ cible Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1798, be America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the referred to the said Committee. Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Inci-

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Cloath- dental Expences attending the fame, from the ill of ing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the January to the 31st of December 1798, be referred to the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee. said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Bermudas. Corps of Fencible Cavalry for Service in Great Britaining the Civil'Establishment of the Bermudas or Somers from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both 1/lands from the 24th of June 1798 to the 24th of June

inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Com- 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

mittee. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Dominica.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Extra ing the Civil Establishment of the llland of Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great from the 31st of December 1797 to the ill of January Britain, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Com- 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

mittee. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defray- Now South

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the in-' ing the Civil Establishment of South Wales, from Waits-Vol. 53. the

92 ao& — 2i° Novembris. A. 1797 *

American

Loyalists.

French Refugees *

Secret Service Abroad *

Light House in the Me of Man *

the 10th of October 1797 to the 10th of 1798,

be referred to the said Committee. , .

Ordered, That the Estimate of the expected Amount of Pensions and Allowances to Loyalists, for the

Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be necessary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Amount of Bills which may be drawn for the Repairs of the Pier and Light House at the Entrance of Douglas Harbour, in the Isle of Man, in the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will,' upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

through Ripley over Burage GAnd the othfcr through Knaresbrough and Boroughbridge to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse oh Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs and Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate through brough to Boroughbridge, and of several Gentlemen Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Acts, several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said respective Part of the said Road, which have been laid out so? and towards the repairing and amending the same, and that the several Sums of Money so borrowed are still due and owing, and the Tolls, by the said Acts directed to be collected on the said Part of the said Road, are in sufficient to pay off the Money borrowed and the Intea rest thereof, and to keep the said Road in Repair; and that the said Part of the said Road may be amended and kept in Repair, if a Term of Twenty-one Years be added to the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and h ve Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bill to eon- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the ftriaion'on' House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Payments by further Time, the RestriClion contained in Two Acts prefwted! of the last Session of Parliament, on Payments in Cash by the Bank, and also to continue and amend the other Provisions in the same: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mtaiis, defer Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the . whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first Southampton and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Amyatt,

Mr. George Henry Rose, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,_at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Commonable Chedzoy in-Pastures within the Parish of Chedzoy, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson. Junior, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Jolivet's Nat. Bill, presented.

Leeds, Harrowgate, and Boroughbridge Roads, Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 210 die;

Anno 38 Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Henry Jolivet: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, and from thence in Two Branches, one

Mr. Wilberforce Bird presented to the House, accord- ®in t0"n ing to Order, a Bill to continue Three several Acts, rafting th ' palfed in the last Session of Parliament, for suspending, Negotiation for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the rented. Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, M.i!t Bill, a Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, Preftntfd' certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

3 8 Geo. III. 2i° Novembris. 93

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

land Tax Bill, Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, preknted. a gyj for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service of

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Fownend, TaxonGame rom Commissioners for managing the Dutiesarifing Certificates, by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented. and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Tax on Certificates granted for killing of Game, during the present Year 1797, so far as the same can be made up.

And, then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

t

indemnity Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill, ordered. £0 indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been- omitted to be ' stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. , Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scotch Distit- The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for be confideicd. " granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distillcries in the several Parts of the Highlands of " Scotland herein particularly described, for a limited " Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries " in the respective Districts in Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Cambricks The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill, dtterrtJ. ref0ive fiself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being Ware-housed for Exportation, for a Time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report Mr. Hobart, according tt> Ojder, reported from the

&u-p,‘)'r ? Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer-

VOL. 53.

red to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Guanh and That a Number of Land Forces, including Five thou- G rnfoI" sand Seven hundred and Sixty-six Invalids, not exceed- ,

ing Forty-eight thousand Six hundred and Nine effec- '

tive Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charge of D®. That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Six hundred and Ninety-nine thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Forty eight thousand Six hundred and Nine effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Masters, and Serjeants, from the 25 th Day of December 1797 to the 24th Day of December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Forces in the That a Sum, not exceeding One Million and Twenty-five thousand Five hundred and Thirty-fi Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, in Portugal, and at The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Masters, and Serjeants, from the 25th Day of December 1797 to the 24th Day of December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Difference That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-eight thousand /rub

Two hundred Twenty-six Pounds Four Shillings and Pay.

Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for Service Abroad, from the 25th Day of December 1797 to the 24th Day of December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Recruiting for That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Two hundred Forty-four Pounds and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East Ifrom the 25th Day of December 1797 to the 24th Day of December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Recruiting That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty ncks o" thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for de- Land Forces, fraying the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for i'c-His Majesty's Land Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 179S.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, General and That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-nine thousand officer Seven hundred Twenty-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain,

Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1798.

B b Resolved,

94

2i° Ntrvembris.

A. 1797.

Embodied Militia and Fencible Infantry.

Contingencies for D°.

Cloathing for Militia.

Fencible

Cavalry.

Extra Feed for D°.

Supernumerary Oriicers.

Allowances to the Paymaster General, Scc.

Subsidence

iwtid to Inn-:c

Keepers.

Reduced Oibcers of Land Forces and Marines.

Reduced H or fe Guards.

Odicers late In the Service of The States General.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Four hundred Seventeen thousand One hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, and the Islands of Scilly and Man, from the 25 th Day of December 1797 to the 24th Day of December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixteen thousand Two hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Four thousand Five hundred and Seventy Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry for Service in Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1797 to the 24th Day of December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Four hundred Sixty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps, and of Draughted Regiments, from the 25th Day of December 1797. to the 24th Day of December 1798, botly inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eight thousand Five hundred Eighty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be-paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-three ‘ thousand Eight hundred Seventy-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-five Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1798-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several

9 *

Officers late in the Service of The States General, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon rican Fortes. Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D®.

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1798 *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance. That a Sum, not exceeding One Million and Seventy-three thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Lahd Service, for the Tear 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d®.

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service,'and not provided for by Parliament in 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D®.

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fourteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, I>.

That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-six thousand Five hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1797.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny Bill, punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ordereJ-Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Steele, and Mr.

Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to con-Reading of the Bill to continue, for a further Time, the n"e the Re Restriction contained in Two Acts of the last Session of payments by Parliament, on Payments in Calli by the Bank, and the Bank, also to continue and amend the other Provisions in the comnutted fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Totion for Tuesday last, for taking into Considerat ion, upon th Ordl- for

day Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant November, hearing New-the Petition of Peter Patten, of Bank, in the County p fi 00 Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire; and also, the Petition Neg.

of Henry Worfley, of Golborne, in the County of Lancaster, Fustian Manufacturer; and Peers Naylor, of Haydock, in the said County, Yeoman, Two of the Eledors of the Borough of Newton, in the said County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read:

And

Bill to continue Act to allow the Banks in Scotland to issue certain Notes, deferred.

Answer to Address.

Accounts

prtiented.

Prohibited Halt India Goods *

b *

to.

to.

38 Geo. III. 21 — 22" Nffvembris.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Order be discharged;

.It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and " continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, " palfed in the present Selfionwof Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking " Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain

" Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying " all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of " Money in that Part of the United Kingdom, for a " limited Time."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,2 20 die Novembris;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797 Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Monday laffc (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, imported and brought to Account, at the Coall, and Surat, and Private Trade Warehouses, in Street, Bishopgate Street, and the Baggage Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1796 to Michaelmas .1797, what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in Account in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1797: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into the Bengal Warehouse, New , Bishopgate Street, in the Port of London, from -

mas 1796 to Michaelmas 1797, alia what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Ware-house at Michaelmas 1797: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1796, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1797: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods; prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports at Michaelmas 1796, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1797: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which remained out of the Bengal and Coast WRre-houses, in New Street, Bishopgate Street, Private Trade Warehouses, and the Custom House, in, the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1796, in order to be dyed, glazed, Vot. 53.

and refreshed, what have been since delivered out, what returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1797:

And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Naval store KuJJia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1796 from Russia to Michaelmas 1797: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Dr *

Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1796 to Michaelmas 1797:

And, also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which Ship , have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas; distinguishing their Names, Tonnage, Ports "from whence they were fitted out. Ports where they Were discharged, and also the Quantity of Blubber imported in each Ship, in the Year 1797 *

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts Were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to indemnity . Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted preleni> to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, dnd Borough Towns, whose Admissions have, beert omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitots; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neg-lested to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cambrick upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty- 1 ' seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being Ware-housed for Exportation, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobarl took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report Be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the Second Malt Bill, Reading of the Bill for continuing, and granting to His c0mraiue< Majesty; certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved;

96

22° Notembris.

A. 1797.

landTax Bill,

committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee A Bill to continue Three several Acts, paired in the

of the whole House. last Session of Parliament, for suspending, for a limited

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His upon the said Bill. present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Pro-

miflory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Sum, within that Part of Britain called Reading of the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

1

Committee on Bill to continue the Restriction on Payments by the Bank.

tinue Acts respecting the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, committed.

Committee of Supply.

Estimates referred: Convicts.

New South Wales.

by a Land Tax to be raised in Great , for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a further Time, the Re-ftridion contained in Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, on Payments in Cacti by the Bank, and also to continue and amend the other Provisions in the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expences of corn-fining, maintaining, and employing, Convids at Home, for the Year 179S, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Amount of Bills which are drawn, and may be drawn, from the Settlement at New South Wales, for the Use of the fame, and which may become due in the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the " Highlands of Scotland herein particularly described, " for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties " on Distilleries in the respective Districts in-Scot laud."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " revive and continue, for a limited Time, and " amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act to allow the Banks, " and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of " Great Britain called Scotland, to itfue Notes for Sums " under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and " for indemnifying all Persons who have ifl'ued Notes " for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United " Kingdom,' for a limited Time," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the they had gone through the Bill,

Committee on Scotch Diitii-lery additional Duty Act.

Committee on

Bill to continue Act to allow the Banks in Scotland to illut certain Notes.

Committee, That and made several

Mr. Hobant reported from the Committee, That they Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

which they had di-House will please to

had come to several Resolutions reded him to report, when the receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

Tadcafterand Hal ton Dyai Road Bill, reported.

Ways and Means, deferred.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

King George the Second, and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to,

in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- had directed him to report to the House; and he read ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. the Report in his Placet and afterwards delivered the

Bill,

38 Geo. III. 2 2 Novembris.

97

Accounts ordered:

Sums for raising Seamen.

Bounties on Corn.

Accounts presented:

Produce of Customs, Excise, &c.

Customs

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Excise.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the and; distinguishing, as far as possible, the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which the House. shall have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in the Four

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Quarters ended 10th 1797: And also,

ingrossed. An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into Stamp.

the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ait Revenue, that have amounted to £.1,000, or more;

Account of the Sums paid on Account of railing in the Four Quarters ended the 10th of 1797:

Seamen in the Years ending the 10th October 1796 And also,

and the 10th October 1797. An Account of tfye Total Net Produce, paid into incident.

Ordered, That there be laid befdre this House, an the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of In *

Account of the Sums paid on Account of Bounties cidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each

for Corn imported in the Years ending the 10th October Branch; the Produce on every separate Article, the

1796 and the 10th October 1797. . Duties on which shall have amounted to £.1,000, or

more, in the Four Quarters ended the 10th of October Mr. Rofepresented to the House, pursuant to the 1797.

Directions of an Act of Parliament, Mr. Rose also presented to the House; pursuant to

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Customs, Excise, Stamps; and Incidents, for One An Account of all Additions which have been made Additions to Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1797; distin- to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the guishing, as far as possible, in each Branch; the Pro- Interest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been duce on every separate Article, the Duties on which made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing have amounted to £.1,000, or more, in the Four Quar- of an Act, 27 III. Cap. 13, as required by the ters of the said Year: And also, jid Section of the said Act; and also, of the Product An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the the 10th Day of 1797.

Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the The said Accounts are as followeth; viz-.

Four Quarters ending the 10th October 1797: And also,

Ah ACCOUNT of the Total Produce of thd Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1797; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in the Fou Quarters erf the said Year; viz.

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1797, as per Account (A.) - -

Ditto of the Excise for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of £.681,113, Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Account (B.) -

Ditto of the Stamp Duties for One Year,- ended Ditto, as per Account (C.)

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Account (D.) , -

£ s. d.

4,082,382 S 81

9,099,641 l5 if

1>937;277 H IO

>738>3°5 18

17,857,607 3 IO{

Atendu"‘ i.

In the Suril of £.2,738,303. 18 s.2 id.stated as the Amount of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included £.772,235. 51. $d. being the Amount of Imprefts and other Monies paid within the above Periods

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the 22d Day < of November 1797, by

George Rose.

VOL. 53.

C c

(A.) AA

98

22° Novembr'tS.

(A.)

J. 1797.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties oil which shall have amounted to£. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 10th 17971

SPECIE? of GOODS.

Ashes> Pot And Pearl ' Barilla

Beads, Coral.

Books, Bound and Unbound -Bottles, Glass - - *

Bristles, Undreft -

-Canes, Walking -

Capers *

Carpets, Turkey - -

China Ware -

Copper, Unwrought -Cordage -Cork - -

Corn, Oats *

'"Alrtionds, Bitter1 Aloes Epatica ----- ----- ----- Succotrina

ba

E

Q '

AffaFcetida- '-Borax, Unrefined Camphire, Unrefined Cortex Peru -

Jalap - -

Manna - -Oil, Turpentine Opium -Quicksilver -

Radix Ipecacuana Rhubarb -Saccarum Saturni Sarsaparilla - -

Succus Liquoritite Verdigrease - -

Dye Stuffs, Smalts -

Elephants Teeth - *

Feathers for Beds - -

Fruit, Lemons and Oranges

Glass Plates

''Almonds, Jordan -not Jordan

6

Cinnamon Cloves - -Cocoa -

Coffee -Currants - -

Figs - - - -Ginger -Mace - -

Nutmegs - -Pepper -

Pimento.

Prunes -

Deni a

Lexia - -

Lipari - -Smyrna -Solis -Sugar, Brown -Tamarinds - *

Tea -

.Turmerick - -

c

5 < '3

X

Net Produce, subject to Charges and Management, Bounties, Wr.

3>933 3 8

12,707 5 11 I

.433

1,127

5>5°9

20

555

.53°

2,648

* 599

5.7 3

6,626

2,640

39 »459 54 542 t »56» 661

3 835

1,156

921

2

10 8

6

11

l6

7

4

9

2

3

5

5

11

18

3

5 9

9

12

s

4 *

10 f

9

64

84

10 4

5

Si

10 — 4 9i Si 64 4 4

.723 4 2 i

928 8 Si

3,600 8 10

759 4 9

393 16 —

1,603 — 9

912 2 8

5.746 3 2 i

» 95 6 I li

9>69 5 3

2,013 8 II

4.545 7 8 i

11,219 2 4 i

5.653 6 9 i

1,700 — 3 i

1,164 10 5

38,928 16

652 5 8

1,894 l6 9

42.873 5 61

58,036 14 4 i

3'°94 5 5

7.557 2 5

1,044 9 Si

1,039 3 I 2

39.29 4 84

734 7 3

14,722 9 2

2,660 4 2 1

5.345 18 44

4,091 4 — i

1 ,687 3 5

7 2 931 4 2 4

9°4 7 5 i

32,029 3 9 i

1,476 1 1 4

Hair, Horse

----- Human -

Hats, Straw.

Hemp, Rough - - "

Hides, Horie -

- Indian

----- - Losh -

----- - Ox or Cow -

Incle, Wrought - - -Iron, Bar - - - ----- Call....

Kelp

Cambricks -

Canvas, Heffens -

----- -- Spruce -

Damask Tabling, Silesia Diaper Napkining, *

Drilling - -

Germany, Narrow, 314 - *

Lawns, French.

— — — Silesia, not Holland,?

Whited.....j

Russia, Broad, above 224-above 31 4 -above 36 -

- Narrow ----- -Towelling and Napk *

Manufactured and Unmanu-?

factured Articles of - J Mats, Russia ——

Molasses - - - - -'- -

Oil, Ordinary — - Sallad — - Train -

Paper ——

Pictures ——

Piece Goods of InMullins -

----- ----- ----- --Nankeens

— Prohibited

Powder, Hair.

Salt ——

----- Pet re - . -

Seeds, Clover - - -Shells, Mother of Pearl

Bengal, Raw - -China, Raw - -Italian, Raw - -Turkey, Thrown -

Bear, Black - -

Beaver -

Calf, Raw - - — 1 — Tann'd Deer, in Hair -Kid, Dressed ----- Undressed -

cn

.S <

Martin Otter -Raccoon Seal -Wolf -

Net Produce, subject to Charges and Management, Bounties *

fcTr.

851 -

d.

8

724 19 14

102,148

632

5.459

2,530

2>347

1,654

101,772

34°

3>24 *

9 41

5 Si

8 5 7 9 # 8, 4 4

7 9

6 11

3 6 4

14 1 4

8,584 8 9

13,086 2 3

4,269 7 10 J

2,158 3 8

575 7 9 4

>°93 12 3 I

34,126 9 0 j *

646 8 6

26,378 16 4

.7 9 6 8

6,600 9 9

9,198 1 84

1,960 8 1 4

2,37° 7 2

1,821 7 2 4

925 4 —

4,676 16 2 4

2,316 10 84

,7S4 4 — -

6,398 11 3 4

1,396 11 54

90,054 11 8

3>95° 7 —

24,596 4 3 4

760 10 2

.499 5 5

3'176 7 84

1,920 3 2 4

62,512 7 10 4

10,067 2 4

11,012 12 11 4

[17.552 3

3,988 II 44

831 I 11 4

1,648 4 5

7.527 1 9

4,789 18 9 4

638 4' . 54

5,112 9 ii 4

856 12 7 4

35 7 7 4

203 7 3 4

1,217 12 2 ,

363 5 9 4 Snufl

38 Geo. III.

220 Novembris.

99

SPECIES of GOODS.

Snuff - - v Soap, Hard - -

Spirits, Brandy

----- — Geneva

---- — Rum -

Starch - ' *

Tar - -

Thread, Sifters -Tobacco -

Tow -

Turpentine i

Wax, Bees -

Wine, Canary. - — - — French - - - - »

---- Madeira - a - -

--- — - Portugal - -

----1 — Phenish - -

— - Spanijk - -

Balks ——

Battens - -

Boards, Paling -

----- -- Scale- -

----- — Deal -i - -

----- - Deal Ends - i

Lathwood -

Mahogany - -

Marts ----- Plank, Oak -Staves ----- . Timber, Fir - -

----- -- Oak - -

Uphers ----- Wainscot Logs -

Yarn, Cotton -

--- Mohair -

hi

0

1

Net Produce, fdbjefl to Charges arid Management, Bounties,

715

,075

32,612

i3,io9

46 435

9,502

5.638

»253

154,105

3»n5

9,619

6,002

267

14,899

10,096

394,648

1,604

51.495

3.584

14,768

I>155

1,121

159,645

4,862

2,649

12,272

1 1,161

8,140

I3»524

70,118

773 . 5 7 2>524

555

2,988

12

4

19

14

9

3

6

10 18

8

18

13 8

18

1

13

3

11

7 16

r9

2

11 6

10

15

8

l9

12

12

2

8 1

4

9

10 i

__1

— 1 10

10 I

5 9

6 i 8 i

10 10 1 61 2i 4 3 i 6

.. , I *

Si

6

61

5 81

10 \

5

3 i 3 i 2

11 1 — i

Species \>f goods.

Q \

19 — i

8 6

Allum -Coals -

Cochineal - -

Indigo -

Lead - - -Salt, Rock - -Skins, Beaver -Tin -

Other Articles

Coals Coastwise....

Wine , D° ——

Remitted.from the Plantations -Received from the Inspector of? Corn Returns - 3

----- --from James Hume, Esqr 7

Sec -.....}

Wine sold by the Excise The King's Share of condemned 7 Tobacco - - - - -3

Received from the Earl 1

pool, on Account of Corn and > Grain 1791 - - - J Repaid by an Officer on Account 7 ofa small Over-payment made > to him - - - - j

Interest on Bonds....

Old Stores ——

Received from the Receivers General of the Counties, on Account of Houses and Windows by the Act of 24th of His Majesty - - -.

Sundry small Articles -

Net Produce, subject to Charges and Management, Bounties,

ttc.

1,698 81,291 806

37.867

23,721

4,726

1,106

3>302

6,962

j.

9

1

2 6 8

15

7

6

19

d.

11

7 I

7

4 i

8

10.

— I

5

601,857 I 11

75i 7 34,881 6 a

924 14 4 i

7 So — —

6,235 7 6

4,290 15 4I

50 -

8 15 — 2191

13 18 —

216,517 15 11 i

61,157 6 ,4 1

Total

5,207,588 9 IOi

GENERAL STATEMENT of the preceding ACCOUNT.

CHARGE.

Net Produce brought forward

£, s. d.

5»2° 7,588 9 101

£ 5 207,588 9 ioi

DISCHARGE.

By Bounties

— D - - - ort Corn Imported ——

— D° - - - towards railing Seamen -Re-payment on damaged and over-entered Goods Paid towards His Majesty's Civil Government in 7

Scotland - - ----- ---- 5

Paid for Inspecting Corn Imported -

Charges of Management -

c

o

U,

<L> -

3

cr

<D

O

X

W

<L>

w

O

w

.s

t/5

2

Consolidated Customs Sugar, 1791 -

Paper, 1794 -

Bricks and Tiles, 1794 Slates and Stones, 1794 Fruit and Silk, 1795 -Coals and Salt, 1795 Additional Duty on Wine, 7 ,

1796 J

Sugar and Bricks, Z3c. in- 1 eluding 5 and 10 per > 182,817 iO 6j Cent. 1796 - - - -J

Pepper, including the last 7 $ per Cent. 1 797 - -1

3»19i,956 279,204 6,526 270 i 1.937 9L585 19,041

s.

18

7

18

8

14

d.

9

— I

Si

9 *

ill

140 12

4 i 7i

35,901 4 — 1

Inspector General's Office, Custom House, London. 18th Navtm 1797

Vol. 5>

7'homas Iri'ingj Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, &c. &c.

464,490

150,102

14,745

21,93°

61,416

143

41 ,377

s.

8

d. iil 7 21

16 9I 8.ni

6 3

13 61 2 61

4,082,382 5 8i

5,207,588 9 10}

(B.) An

a 2° Novemlris.

IOO

A.

'797

(B.) An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in and

more, in the Four Quarters

DUTIES.

Auctions - - -Beer ——

Bricks and Tiles -Candles ——

Coaches built for Sale - -

Cocoa Nuts and Coffee Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice Glass ——

Hides, Skins, Vellum, and Parchment Hops ——

Malt, Perpetual....

Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar Printed Goods ——

Soap

SPirits { Forcfgn

Starch

Sweets -

Tea ——

Tobacco and Snuff -Verjuice, is with Cyder and Perry. Vinegar, is with Metheglin.

Wine ——

W'ire ——

Tea ——

Makers and Sellers of Wax Sperm. Candles, are with dies.

Makers of, and Dealers in cilcable Commodities Retailers of Spirituous Liqt Retailers of Wine

O

U

C

<u

u

V.

Tobacco and Snufc Tobacco and Snuff.

ints 1

Duties comm K

6th Jan'J 1791 $ in

and Feb'J 1794, Spirits

29th March 1794, Bricks and Tiles 6th April 1794, Paper -

18th April 1794, Glass -

24th FJy, 1795, Spirits foreign 1

24th Febry 1795, Wine -

24th Febr 1795, Cocoa Nuts -24th Febry 1795, Sweets - -

17th March 1795, Tea -

1795, Tobacco - -

1796, Wine - -

1796, Sweets - -

1796, Cocoa Nuts -1796, Tea -

r c v f British -796, Spirits |pyreign

7 th Dec'

18th April 20th June

8 th

8th Dec'

rotli Dec' i *

29th Dec' 1796, Auctions 29th Dec' 1796, Bricks -

Total of Perpetual Duties Malt, Annual - -

Total of England -

Firit Quarter, from 10th Oftr 1796, to 5th Janry 1797. Second Quarter, from $t)\ Janry 1797 fr( to 5th April 1797. 1

£i d.

25,114 43 7°3' —

438 963 — — 483,329 — —

46,805 11,298

43 313 - — 79 456

410 - — 372

10,928 6,492 -7

i 3,828 — — 1,043

24,894 — — 34 3i5

60,139 70,502

195 243 15,504

7,004 3,387

I 66,460 68,659

I 107,712 83,528

33 353 — — 210,780 I

256,849 141,972

5 253

!»534 1,589

181,501 2 5I1 853 10 ioi

' ' 87 789 81,208

15 854 25 734

697 924

r I . -;

3 915 i 2,709 — —

26,757 6,146 — . 1

141,610 7,357. —

28,592 93° — —

:e 2,256 n 1 h 1 492 —

6,9x3 35 3" —

1- 48,755 27,914 —

- 6,079 36,002 — — .

1 - 47»638 — — 29,015 —

28,239 6,768 —

3 ° 943 — 34,842 — —

8,688 — — 13 525 —

5 188 36,249 — —

48,887 27 552 — ~

- 29,787 49,729 — —

8,214 5,592 — —

980 929 —

50 020 1,812 — . —

40,137 35 011 —

97 3 4 2 555 —

985 957 —

- - - 1 314 — —

.1 - - 31,831 —

— — 23 958 — ~

' 1 = 2,242 — —

- 2,270,287 2 5 11,781,5431010 j I

16,449 — — 1

2,429,698 2 5 ;! 1,797,992 10 io5‘|

Third Quarter,

25,789 ——

804,3 73 -

964 ——

59»i°i ——

351 ——

5 >455 -

1 513 -

24,824 ——

48,244 — - —

65,662 ——

67,462 ——

3,7o8 -

33 H9 ——

83»43i ——

133,204 ——

102,860 ——

17 »9 3 3 ---

2,666 — —

270,321 18 —

75,696 ——

18,283

892

Fourth Quarter, from 5 th July 1797» to loch Oar 1797.

3>°°9

4,609

856

136

i»873

22,300 ——

22,017 ——

23 247 ——

22,012 ——

940 ——

28,747 ——

9,31° ——

23 651 — —

21,864 ——

3° 945 — — 4,920 ——

b673 ——

98,643 ——

34,468 ——

96,609 ——

1,729 ——

651 ——

117,3 9; -

23,466

— 21,906 ——

9 445 — 271 —

2,472,697 18 166,428 —

2,639,125 18 —

Total Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

£. s. d.

18,383 — — 536,912 ——

2 2»344 -

27 939 ——

518 ——

5,905 — —

3,702 ——

31,278 ——

62 773 -

2,169 ——

433,668 ——

7,611 ——

66,ou ——

93 767 ——

30 137 ——

105,950 ——

27,408 ——

3 743 ——

83 438 3 9

71 217 ——

50 363

934

4,841 — _

6,122 — 768 — 292 — 2,962 —

4 799 ——

23,592 _ __

4,090 1 -

23»327 ——

I3 943 ——

36,493 _ __ 12,064 ——

3,241 — _

23 914 ——

88,529 ——

5 367 ——

2,361 ——

61 357 ——

31,969 ——

1,624 ——

2,444 ——

874 ——

4X 939 ——

4,481 ——

23,790 ——

10,118 — ___

7,702 ——

s.

d.

92,989 ——

2»263,577 ——

81,411 ——

209,809 ——

1,651 ——

28,780 ——

x 0,086 ——

115,211 ——

241,658 ——

67,831 — —

721,877 ——

21,710 ——

234,279 ——

368,438 ——

407,474 — —

607,631 ——

50,594 ——

9 532 ——

536,114 15 1

315,910 — —

110,234

3 447

14 474 " "

2,129,113 3 9

331,825 — —

2 469,938

3 9

43 634

150 591

29 95°

8,523

69 323 ——

122,278 ——

69, 18-

121,992 ——

49,890 ——

131 02 S'----

43 787 ——

68,329 ——

122,217 ——

198,990 ----- r

24,093 — —

5 943 ——

211,832 ——

141,585 ——

198,102 ——

6,115 ——

2,839 ——

159,258 ——

59,778 ——

69 654 ——

21,803 ——

7 973 —

8,653,641 15 11 674,113 ——

9 327 754

38 Geo. III.

22° Novembris.

ioi

distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall h ve amounted to £. x,oooo, or ended ioth October 1797.

An ACCOUNT of the Duties of Excise paid into the Exchequer by the Commissioners of Excise in ,in One Year, between the ioth October 1796 and the ioth October 1797» on the Part of Scotland.

DUTIES.

Auctions -

Beer - - . - - r -

Bricks and Tiles - -

Coaches built for Sale - -

Glass -....

Hides .....- c

Malt, Perpetual Duty -, - -

Printed Goods - -

Soap ——

Spirits 1 - k

r I foreign - fc -

Starch

Tobacco and Snuff - -

Wine ——

STea - -

General - -

Spirituous Liquors - -

Plate ——

Duties comm4 1 f

6th Jan 1791 > Spirits <

22d Feby 1794J (Foreign -

29th March 1794, Bricks and Tiles

6 th April 1794, Papier - -

18th April 1794, Glass.

24th Feby 1795, Spirits Foreign"

24th FclJ 1795, Wine -

7th Dec' 1795, Tobacco -

Candles ——

18th April 1796, Wine - -

iQth.Dec' 1796, Spirits, British -

Total of Perpetual Duties -

Malt, Annual....

Total of Scotland -

Papctusl Duties Annual Duties |

✓ First Quarter, Second Quarter, Third Quarter, Fourth Quarter, Total Net

from ioth Ofr 1796, from 5th Janry 1797, from 5th April 1797, from 5th July 1797, Produce of the

to 5 th Janry \ 797. to 5 th April 1797. 1797. to ioth Octr 1797. Four Quarters.

£. s. d. £. r. d. £ d. £. s. d. £ s- d-

1,000 — — — — 2,000 1,000 4,000 — —

6,000 9,000 - — — 1,500 " 4,500 21,000 — —

1,500 ‘ . — — 1,000 2,500

500 fc - . — 500 — —

4,500 — 7,000 — — - 11,500 — —

3,000 3>000 ~ — 3,000 3,000 12,000 — —

4,500 5,000 — - — 8,500 18,000 — —

/ 7 5 00 14,000 — — 16,500 6,000 — — 44,000 — — *

5,000 9,000 1,5°° 15,500

Distillery 93. Distillery 93. 1 Distillei-y 93.,) 28,500 — —

3,000 5 — — 16,500 j 9,000 j

6,000 — - — 9,000 - 27,500 — — — ~ ' 42,5°° '

1 1 O O 0 1 — — 1,500

9,000 - 11,500 12,000 11,500 44,000 — —

3,000 ' 6 000 - 4,000 — — 3,000 16,000 — —

1,000 < — . — — __ 1,000 — - — 2,000 — —

— — — — 1,50b 1,000 — — 2,500 —

1,500 > 9,000 3,500 -T I4,0OO —

500 — — n m m " — 500

' — . — 10,000 10,000 — —

3,000 1 500 — — ' 7>S°° — — " 12,000 —

— . - 1,000 — — 1,000 —

6,000 3,000 7,000 — - — 1 3 >5 00 19,50°

- - 1 ‘ DHUIlery 95. j

— . — — — 18,000 5>5°° J 23,50°

M O 0 1 1 i;5oo " 7>5°0 ' 1,000 — — 11,500

7,500 12 000 — — 2,000 — r —: 6,000 — — 27,500

4,500 4,500 — ' — 5,500 5,500 20,000 —

— — ' 3,boo — 1,500 4,5°°

— — — 1,500 1,500 3,000

~ Distillery 96. f

3 500 — — 29,500,) 33,000

76,500 85,000 — — 175,000 109,500 446,000

1,500 5,000 — — " — — 1,500 8,oco — —

78,000 — — 90,000 175,000 111 ,000 — — 454,000

8,653,641 i5 11 446,000 — — ° 9,099,641 >5 1$ m 1 '

674,113 — _

8,000 — - — Os CO Co 1 1 ' /

i Scotland «. £t 9,781,754 15 i{

Excise Office,") London, v Z&Nov' 1797.]

ja‘ Webb, Accomp Gen1.

igDzdd by

(c .) An

Vol. 53.

102 32° Novembris. , A. 1797.

t c.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 10th of October 1797.

£ j.

Oonfolidated Duties - ft - 662,811 7 6

Insurance, 1782 k 132,704 5 7

Plate, 1784 lo -s 00 16 2

Stage Duty, &c. 1785 ' 199,852 6 10

Medicine, 1785 - a - 12,036 18 7

Game, 1785 «. - - 44.7 2 3 9 9

Attornies, 1785 % 29,201 3 8

Pawnbrokers, 1785 ft ' 4>295 5 5

Perfumery, 1786 la ft K> O O 7 6

Scotch Judges - >- ft 1,100 10 — -

Additional Game, 179! - - 18,621 5 —

Bills of Exchange, 1791 - 136,576 11 10

Receipts, 1791 - ft 43,844 16 2

Attornies, 1794 > - 18,466 — 10

Hair Powder Certificates, 1795 83.757 3 7

Additional Stamps, 1795 .45. 7° 8 2

Additional Receipts, 1795 M 6,675 6 9 '

Sea Policies, 1795 - 96,609 14 6

Horse Dealers Licences, 1795 - 1,167 II 9

Legacies, 1796 - - 37,236 18 id

Hats, 1796 ... - 59.865 l6 9

Additional Duty on Stage Coaches, 1797 27,994 2 8

Deeds, &c. 1797 . m - " 144,295 lS 6

Apprentice Duty ~ mo = 6,785 II 6

I- 1.937»2 7 7 4 10 -

Sta§ap Office,

Nor/ 10th, 1797.

y. ,pro Comptr.

(D.) An

38 Geo. III. 22° Novembris. 103

t b.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distiriguishing as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters ended thd 10th of October 1797;

Consolidated Lettes Money »

D" Salt.....- -

Seizures -

6J Lib. on Pensions - i -

1 - - D® on Salaries - - - - *

Houses and Windows ——

Houses

Hawkers and Pedlars - -

Hackney Coaches, 1711- -> -

D® ----- - - 1784 ——

Male Servants, 1785 - - - -

Four-Wheeled Carnages, D° -

Two-Wheeled D -

Horses - - - ( -

- First Fruits ——

Tenths - - - -

Alienation Duty - - *

£. s.

545.000 — —

280.000 2 1

i9>2g5 4 Si

54,525 ——

32,434 6 6£

321,866 13 4f 166,474 13 I *

4,665 ——

12,300 — —

11,800 ——

94,728 2 7 *

I5°>355 3 6i 51,100 6 '7{

103,503 6 7f

3»s33 x9 7 9,862 5

1,721 8 8

The Produce of Duties under £.i ,oooo, within the same Period, amounts to

1,964,364 13 — 1,685 19 11

1,966 050 12 nj

Imprest Money repaid by Christopher Shaw, Agent, on Account of Captain John. Alexander's Independent Company - -.

- - D# - by John Hatfell, Clerk, to the House of Commons -

- - D® by T. Rudfell, late Barrack Mailer at Corsica -

- - D° - by Lieutenant General Loftus Anthony Tottenham - - -

- - D - " by James Bruce, Esqr, Governor of Dominica -

Money paid by A. Newland, Esq', on Account of the Commissionters appointed to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills -

- - D° by Claude Scott, on account of Corn fold for the Use of Government D® - by the Commissioners for the Sale of Dutch Prizes -

- - D° - - by the East India Company, arising from D® -

- - D - - by Edward Roberts, Esq', arising from the Residue of Exchequer Fees

applicable to the Consolidated Fund ——

- - D® - - by Thomas Bullock, Esqr, Agent for the late Province of - -

t-

29I 2 IO

34 ——

450 ——

1.000 -

130 ——

101.000 ——

80.000 — -

50.000 ——

500.000 — —

38,350 2 4

1.000 — - —

?72>255 5 3 1,966,050 12 ni

2>738 3°5 18 2 *

Exchequer, the 13 th Day of November 1797.

Ex' f *

Grenville.

Vo l. 53,

An

104

22° Novembris.

A1797.

Ah ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC subsequent to the passing of an Act 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13.5 as required by the 73d Section of the incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended the icth Day of October 1797.

An ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Imereft or Annuities for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made, or any Annuities which have been created, subsequent to the passing of an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and " granting other Duties ift lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties " composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, die Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this King-u dom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of " Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt. '

By Virtue of an Act 29 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 187,000 was raised by Annuities, after the Rate of £. 7. 9J. yd. per Centum per Ann, for the Term of 18 Years from the 5th April 1789, and then to cease; which Annuities were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock-with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of the 18th and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, payable Half-Yearly at the Bank of England, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund; the Amount whereof, with the Charges of Management for the fame; for the Year ended the icth of October 1797, was - -

By Virtue of one other Act of the same Session, the Sum of 1,002.500 Was directed to be raised by Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, distributed Into Clafies, and to be paid at the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund (but by certain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments a Deficiency was occasioned, whereby the Sum oh which the Annuities were granted amounted to the Sum of £.1,002,099)» Part of which said Annuities, by an Act of the 30th Year of His said Majesty s Reign, were converted into Annuities for a certain Term of 69! Years, from the 10th of October 1790, and were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, payable at the Bank of England viz.

The Charge for the Annuities on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, for One S"

Year, from the 10th of October 1796 to the icth of October 1797 - - 42,862 1 —

Whereof has been reserved at the Exchequer for the Use of the Public, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the j. d.

Treasury, for the Quarter ended the 5th of January

1797 ----- -- 12,220 — 3i

£t d.

14,159 2 io

ReferVed allb at the Exchequer, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th of July 1797 12,286 14 6i

24,506 14 10 i

Whereby the Charge to the Public is reduced to - - 8,355 6 i£

The Charge for the Annuities and Management, payable at the Bank of England, for Annuities to continue 69 \ Years, for s. d.

One Year, ended the jothof October 1797 - - - 24,639 7 2

The Charge incurred by George Atwoody Esq', Inspector of Tontine Certificates, to defray the Expence attending the Execution of the above-mentioned Acts of Parliament - - - 700 — —

The Charge for the Clerks in the Office of the CJlerk of the Pells, for their Service in executing the said Acts, for One Year, ended the 10th of October 1797 - - 880 — —

The Charge for Necessaries furnished by the Uffier of

the Exchequer to the Officers for managing the se

Annuities 3°2 64

— ----- --- — 26,521 13

6

44 876 19 7!

59,036 251

By

38 Ge<3. III.

22° Novembris

105

DEBT, by the Interest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been made,. or Annuities created, said Act: And also, of the P R O D U C E of the several DUTIES granted for defraying the Charge

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the Annuities granted in pursuance of the following Acts; An Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities and of one other Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a " certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes Part of which Annuities were, by an Act 30 Geo. III. Cap. 45, converted into Annuities for an absolute Term of Years; viz. - '

The Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th July 1789, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of 1797 -

D® - - of the additional Duties on Carriages, granted from D®, for the same Time -

D® - - of the additional Duties on Newspapers, granted from the ift of August 1789, for the same Time -

D® - - of the additional Duties on Advertisements D°

D® - - of the additional Duty on Cards - - - D®

D® - - of the additional Duty on Dice - - - - . D®

D® — of the Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates D®

D® - - of the Duties on Probates of Wills D"

£. s. d.

15,170 4 8i

17.423 17 Hi

33.974 17 10

11,8 19 10 —

5»109 6 —

184 10 —

5,040 — —

34,575 10 —

The Amount of the Charges for Annuities, &c. as on the other Side

123,297 16 6 59,036 4 5 f

Surplus of these Duties in the Year ended the 10th of October 1797

64,261 14

Vol. S3'

E«

An

iq6

22° Novem

A.

797

By Virtue of an Act 33 Geo. III. the Sum of £.4,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1793; the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £.72 contributed and paid, to £.100 Capital Stock, after the Rate of £. 3 fer Centum per Annum, amounting to £.6,250,000, and to be added to, and make One Joint Stock with, the £. 3 per Centum Annuities, consolidated by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32j and 33 II. and several subsequent Acts, and to commence from the 5th Day of January 1793.

£. s.d.

The Charge in respect of the fame, for One Year's Annuity and Management, amounts to

Inpurfuance of an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. directing the One Hundredth Part of an Loan or Capital Stock created after the passing of the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said Capital of £. 6,250,000, and issued Quarterly to the Bank .0 {England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of - - - - 1

190,312 10 —

' 62,500 -

252,812 10 —

By Virtue of an Act 34 Geo. III. the Sum of£. 11,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the

Year 1794, upon the following Terms;

The Contibutors to be entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to £. 100 Capital Stock, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 5th of January 1794, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, consolidated by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts; which for One Year, ended the 5th July 17 97, with £. 4,950 per Annum for Management, amount to -

And to an additional Capital of £. 25, at£. 4 Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 10th of October 1793, making a Capital Stock of £. 2,750,000, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the Capital Stock of £. 4 Cent. Annuities, established by Two

Acts of the 21st and 22d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and leveril subsequent Adtsj which for One Year's Annuity, together with £. 1,237. ior. for Charges of Management, due the 10th of October 1797, amount to ——

And also to an Annuity of 11 J. 5 d.pgr Cent, on the said £. it,000,000, to commence from the said 10th October 1793, to continue for the Term of 66 ? Years, and to be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities, which, by Two Acts of the ill: and 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were granted for 99 and 9S Years, from the 5th January 1761, and the 5th January 1762 respectively, and then to cease; which Annuity for One Year, together with £. 706. 8 s. 1 \ d.for Charges of Management, due the icth October 1797, amount to ——

In pursuance of the Act 32 Geo. III. directing the One Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after the passing the said Act, there is let apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said £. 11,000,000, in £.3 per Cent. Annuities, and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of -

And in respect of the Capital of £.2,750,000, Annuities, created by the said Act 34 Geo. III. the further Annual Surq of -

And also in respect of the future actual Value of the Annuities granted for 66 Years, at the End of 45 Years, the further Annual Sum of ——

By Two Acts 34 Geo. III. for granting Annuities in lieu of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, such Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills, as were made out on or before the 31st of March 1793, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were to be entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to a Capital of£. 101, in Annuities, at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of the 24th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to commence from the 5th January 1794, whereby an Addition was made to the said Capital Stock of £. 5 per Cent. Annuities granted by the said Acts 24 and 25 Geo. III. of £. 1,926,525. 12 5 The £. s. d.

Annuity payable for the fame', together with £.866. 18 8 f for

Management for One Year, amount to

- 97,193 4

3 I

In pursuance of the above-mentioned Act of the 326 Geo. III. directing the One Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after the passing of the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said Capital of £. 1,926,525. 12 5 and issued Quarterly to

the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of -

19,265 5 —

£. r. d.

334 95° ——

111,237 10 —

63 498 1 5 r

110,000 — —

27,500 ——

9,680 ——

656,865 it 5 |

116,458 9 3

773024 — 9

By

38 Geo. III. 22° Novembris. 107

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duties directed by an Act 33 Geo. III. to be applied in Aid of the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Charge thereupon by the Annuity and Management on ,£.6,250,000, payable out of the said Fund: '

The Produce of the Additional Duties oh British Spirits, continued by the above-mentioned Act, in the Year ended the 10th Day of OSloher 1797 - - - - £ d-69,323 — —

D® - - - of the Additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, bontinued by D®, for the same Time - -- - - -- - 132,278 — —

201,601 — —

Deficiency of this Fund to answer the Charge ----- - 51,21c 10 —

- 252,812.10 —

The Produce of the following Duties, granted or continued by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated Fund by Annuities, &c. established by several Acts 34 III. for One Year, ended the iotli of

797‘-

The Net Prodilce of the additional Duties on Spirits, granted from 21st February

>794 - - - -.....'

D®

D#

D®

£>®

of the additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, granted from D° -

of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, granted from the 5th February 1794

of the additional Duties of Excise on Bricks and Tiles, granted from 28th March 1794

of the additional Duties of Customs on Bricks and Tiles, granted from D° -

D®

D"

D®

of the additional Duties on Glass, granted from the 17 th April 1794 of the Duties on Slate, Stone, and Marble, granted from the 5th 1794 - - "

of the Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences to Distillers in Scotland, £. 28,500; but the Act directs to be deducted therefrom the Annual Sum of £. 36,000.

D®

D.

of the Duties of Excise on Paper, granted from the 5th d.

April 1794 - - - - 150,525 ——

of the Duties of Customs on Paper, granted from D° - 6,526 1 5

I57>°51 1 5»

Deduct,

The Annual Sum directed by an Act 34 Geo. III. Cap. 20. to be set apart

out of Duties on Paper, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund - - 75,000 ——

D® of the Duties on Sugar - -

D® - - - of the Stamp Duties on Certificates issued for killing Game -

- - - of the Duties on Bills and Receipts, after deducting £. 128,600 per

Annum, carried to the Consolidated Fund -

- ~ - of £. 10 per Cent.on Assessed Taxes ——

69,418 ——

33.99 ——

18,466 — 10

50,890 — —

270 7 9!

43.787 ——

lI>937 >8 ii|

82,051 1 si

279,204 18 — {

63>345 >4 9

51,821 8 —

106,034 10 4!

Charge on this Fund for the Year ended the 10th of Oftoler 1797, as per Contra -Surplus -

911,219 — aj 773.324 ~ 9 >37.894 >9 5 *

Vol. 53.

The

io8

22" Novembris.

A. 1797.

By Virtue of an Act 35 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1795; the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to £.100 Stock in Annuities, at £.3 percent. to commence from the 5th of January 1795, and to be incorporated into, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, which were granted by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and by several subsequent Acts; and also to £.33. 6 s. 8 d. in Annuities, at £.4 Cent, to commence from the 10th of

October 1794, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain £.4 perCent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of Parliament of the 20th and 21st Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and several subsequent Adis} and by the said Act also to a further Annuity of 8 s. 6d. per Cent, per , for a certain Terni of 65 Years, to commence from the 10th of Oficber 1794; and also, by one other Act of the same Session, to an additional Annuity of 1 s. per Cent, per Annum for the same Time, and for the same Term, making together

jj. 6 d.per Centum per Annum, and to be together incorporated into, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, which were granted for 99 and 98 Years, from the 5th of January 1761 and the 5th of January 1762 (and then to cease) and were made One Joint Stock of Annuities with certain other Annuities by divers Acts of His present Majesty's Reign: All which several Annuities and the Charges attending the fame, are charged upon, and made payable out of, the Consolidated Fund;

The Annual Charge in respect of £. 18,000, oco, at 3 Cent, per Annum, granted by ' the said Act, commencing from the 5th January 1795, including £. 8,100 per Annum for Management, amount to ——

The Annual Charge of the said £.4. per Cent. Annuities at £.33. 6s. 8 for each £. too contributed, and making a Capital of £. 6,000,000, commencing from the 10th October 1794, including/,'. 2,700 per Annum for Management, amounts to -

The Annual Charge of 9 s.6d. per Cent, per Annum on the said £. 18,000,000, commencing ' from the said 10th October 1794, to continue 65! Years, including £.961. 17 s.6d. for Management, amounts to . ——

The One Hundredth Part of the said £. 18,000,000, to be set apart at the Exchequer, and issued to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. will amount to the Annual Sum of -

The One Hundredth Part of the said £.6,000,000 in £.4 per Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, and issued to the Bank, to be carried to the Account of the said Commissioners, will amount to the Annual Sum of - -

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, to be issued to the Bank, and to be carried to the Account of the said Commissioners, in respect of the Value of the Annuities granted for 65! Years, at the End of 45 Years, amounts to

£. s. d.

548,100 ——

242,700 ——

86,461 17 6

180,000 — —

60,000 — —

12,835 ——

By an Act 35 Geo. III. for granting Annuities to satisfy Navy and Victualling Bills, such Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills as were made out on or before the 30th September 1793, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were entitled, lor every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to a Capital of £. 108 in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 5th of January 1795; and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, established by the Acts 24, 25, and 34th Years of His Majesty's Reign, whereby an Addition Was made to the Capital of £.5 per Cent. Annuities, granted by the said Acts of.

£.1,609,897. 17J. id.: The Annual Sum payable in respect of the same amounts to - 80,494 17 10

And for Management of the fame, the Annual Sum of - - - 724 9 1

81,219 11

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the One Hundredth Part of the said Capital of £.1,609,897. 17 id. pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 32d Geo. III. will amount to 16,098 19 6

1,130,096 17 6

97>313 6 5

1,227,415 3 11

By

3$ Geo. III.

Novembris.

iocJ

The following Duties granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the 35 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated Fund in respect of the Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 35 Geo. III. from the 5th July 1795, for One Year, ended the 10th October 1797:

The Produce of the Additional Duties on WineS, from the 23d February 1795 - -

D - - of the Addidonal Duty on Sweets, from - - D -

D® - - of the Additional Duties on British Spiritsj granted from D° -

D® - - of the Additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, granted from D - -

D® - - of the Additional Duties on Tea granted from the 16th March 1795 -

D® - - of the Additional Duties on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, granted from D *

D® - - of the Duties on Fruit, Sallad Oil, Waste Silk, &c. granted from 5th JprX 1795 -

D®

D®

D®

of the Additional Duty on the Exportation of Pock Salt and Coals, granted from D® ——

- - of the Duties on Certificates Issued for using Hair Powder, granted from the

5th May 1795 ——

- - of the Additional Stamp Duties on Writs, Agreements, Indentures, &c.

granted from 5th July 1795 -

D - - of the Addidonal Stamp Dudes oii Receipts, granted from D® -

D® - - of the Stamp Duty On Sea Ihfurances, granted from - D° -

Cash brought to this Account from the Revenue of the Post Office, on £.40,000 per Annum, pursuant to an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18, for Three Quarters, ended the 10th October 1797 ——

The Produce of the Dudes of Excise on Distilleries and on Licences to Distillers in Scotland - -

Deficiency of this Fund, for the Teat ended the 10th of October 1797

b . d.

226,490 — —

5>94j — 91,8 9 — —

I33>7 7 ----- -1

211,832 — —: 24 093 — —

91,585 .8 —

!9>°41 14 41

83>757 «3 7

4$.i7o 8 6,675 6

96,609 14 6

30,600 — —

23,500 ——

1,190,244 5

~ 37>I70 18 Si

1,227 15 3 11

Vol. 53.

f f The

110

22° Novembris.

By Virtue of an Act 36 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1796, the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £.ico contributed and paid, to £. 100 Stock, in £.3 Consolidated Annuities, and to an additional Stock of £. 20 in like £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities; the "Whole to commence from the 5th July 179$, and to be consolidated and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities consolidated by the Acts 25, 28, 29, .32, and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts of Parliament; and also to a further additional Stock of £.15 for each £. 100 so paid, in Reduced Annuities, at £.3. to

be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3 pe Cent. Annuities, which were reduced from £. 4 per Cent, per Annum to £.3 per Cent, per Annum by an Act 23 Geo. II. and consolidated and made One Joint Stock with other Annuities by sundry subsequent Acts, and to commence from the 10th 1795 and also to a

further Annuity of 6s. 6d. per 'Cent, to continue for a certain Term of 64! Years, from the said 10th

1795, and then to cease; and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted for 99

and 98 Years, and by sundry Acts of Parliament with other Annuities consolidated and made One Joint Stock, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund: And by one other Act 36 Geo. III. the Sum of 7,500,006 was also borrowed for the Service of the said Year 1796, the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. ico contributed and paid, to £. 100 Stock in the said £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, and to an additional Stock of £.20 in the said £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, to commence from the 5th January 1796, and to be consolidated and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities consolidated by the said Acts 25, 28, 29, 32,

and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts; and also to a further additional Capital of £.25 perCent. for each

£.ico so paid, in Reduced Annuities, at £.3per Cent, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the said £.3 per Cent. Annuities, which were reduced from £.4 to £. 3 per Cent, by an Act: 23 Geo. II. and cen-solidated and mpde One Joint Stock with other Annuities by sundry subsequent Acts, and to commence from the 5th April 1796; and also to a further additional Annuity of 5/. 6d. per 'to continue for a certain Term of 63I Years, to commence from the said 5th April 1796, -and then to cease.

The Annual Charge in respect of £. 18,000,000, together with the additional Capital of £.20 per Cent.making together £.21,600,000 (but reduced by certain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments for £.4,200 to the Sum of £.21,595,800) in Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, from the 5th July -1795, together with £. 9,71 is. id. for Management -

The Annual Charge of the additional £.25 per Cent, in £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to £.4,500,000, from the 10th QElober 1795, with £.2,025 for Management of the same ——

The Annual Charge of the additional 6s. 6d. per Cent, on £. 18,000,000 for 641 Years, from the said 10th October 1795, together with £. 658. is. for Management The One Hundredth Part of £.21,595)800 in Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be let apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. for One Year The One Hundredth Part of £.4,500,000 in Reduced £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. for the same Time The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. in respect of the Value of the Annuities granted for 64 Years, at the End of 45 Years -

The Annual Charge in respect of £.7,500,000, together with the additional Capital of £.20 per Cent, making together £.9,000,000 (but reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments for £. 65,800, to the Sum of £.8,934,200) in Consolidated £.3 per Cent.Annuities, from the 5 th s'

January 1796, together with£.4,020. 7 s. <y\d.for Management - 272,046 7 9}

The Annual Charge of the additional £. 25 per Cent, in £. 3 per Cent.

Reduced Annuities, amounting to £. 1,875,000 (but reduced by certain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments for £. 15,375, to the Sum of£. 1,859,625) from the 5th >n71796, with£.836.16 j. 7 Id. for Management - - - - 56,625 11 7!

The Annual Charge of the additional 5 s.6d. per Cent, on £.7,500,060, for 63 J Years, from the said 5th April 1796 (after deducting the Annuity of £.42. 12/. 6d. forfeited by certain Persons not completing their whole Payments) with £. 231. 11/. for Management - - 20,813 18 6

The One Hundredth Part of £.8,934,200 in Consolidated £. 3 perCent.

Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. for One Year, from the 5th July 1796 - - - - 89,342 — —

The One Hundredth Part of £. 1,859,625 in Reduced £.3 per Cent.

Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. for One Year, from the 5th July 1796 8,596 5 —

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Act 3 2 Geo. III. in respect of the Value of the Annuities granted for 631 Years, from the 5th April 1796, at the End of 45 Years - 2,925 — —

By an Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 122. for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, such Proprietors of the said Bills as were made out on or before the 31st of May 1795, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled on or before the ill of July 1 796, were entitled, for every £.100 contained in the said Bills, to the Sum of £.105 Capital Stock, attended with Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Cent, per Amium, to commence from the 5th of January 1796; and such Proprietors of Bills made out after the 31st of May 1795, and on or before the 30th of September 1795, who should deliver

up their said Bills to be cancelled before the said ift of July 1796, should be entitled, for every £. 100 contained in the said Bills, to £. 104 Capital Stock, attended with like Annuities, after the Rate of£. 5 per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the said 5th of January 1796, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, established by the Acts 23, 24,34, and 35 Geo. III. and charged upon the Consolidated Fund; in consequence of which Act there has been delivered up,

> in Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, for which Annuities to the Amount of £. 4,414,074. 4/. 6d. have been established and become payable at the Bank of England: Which Annuities, with £. 1,986. 6 s. 8 d.amount, per Annum, to The One-Hundredth Part of £.4,414,074. 4 s.6 d. in Annuities at £. 5 per Cent, to be set apart at the Exchequer Quarterly, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. to be paid to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, is, per Annum -

k

£. s. d.

657,592 2 t

37 5 ——

59,158 2 6

215,958 ——

45,oco — —

8,460 ——

, 23,193 4 8

460,349 2 11

X

aifeed by - "lOgle i>85°>373 3 3i

38 Geo. IIL

2 2° Novembris.

Ill

The Produce of the following Duties, granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-fixch Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 36 Geo. III. from the 10th October 1796 to the 10th October

797?

The Produce of the additional Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, granted from the 17th

cember 1795 , - -

D" of the additional 10 per Cent, on Aflefied Taxes, from the 10th October 1795

D - of the New Dufy on Horses, from the 5th April 1796 - -

- - of the additional Tax on D® - - from D® -

- - > of the Tax on Horse Dealers, from the 24th December 1795

- - of the Tax on Legacies, from the 26th April 1796 - - - - .

- - of the Duties of Customs on Wines, from the 17th Jpril 1796 -

D®

D®

D®

D®.

D°

D®

D®

- - of the Duties of Excise on Wines, from — D® - — on Account of the

Stock in Hand ——

- - of the-additional Duty on Sweets, from - - - D° -

- - of the Tax on Hats, from the 5th August 1796 (after reserving 9,479. 11s.

for the Consolidated Fund) ——

D® - - of the Tax on Dogs, from the 5th July 1796 -

Reduction of the Drawbacks on Sugar (after reserving 280,029. x 8 8 in each Quarter) from the 24th December 1795 -

D® - - on the Allowance for Waste on Salt, from the 5th of January 1796 -

Deficiency of this Fund for the Year ended the 10th of 1797

A d. 161,585 ——

101,560 — 7

66,840 — —

65.79$ ——

1,167 11 9

37,236 18 10 263,140 12 71

201,102 — " 6,115 -

50,386 5 9

44.7 5 —

116,676 5 8

32,000 — —

5 2 *

702,053' 8 i{

1,850,373 3 3f

Vol. 53 *

The

I by»

1

i la

22° No'vembris. A. 1 797-

In pursuance of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 10. £. 18,000,000 were subscribed for the Service of the Year 1797 5 the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. ico contributed and paid, to the Principal Sum of1. £. 1 ii. 10/. in a Capital Stock of Annuities carrying £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, to commence fl-om the ieth of QBober 1796: And by one other Act 37 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 14,500,000 was directed to be raised by Way of Annuities for the Service of the said Year 17975 the Contributors whereof to be entitled, for. every £. too contributed and paid, to £. 100, with an additional Capital of £. 25 in the £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities and to commence from the 5th of January 17975 to an additional Capital of £. 50 in the £. 2 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, to commence from the 5th of April 1797 5 also to an additional Capital of £. lo-fer Cen!. in the Capital Stock of £.4. per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 5th of April 17975 and to a further Annuity of 6 (subject to such Deduction as is mentioned in the said Act) to continue for a certain Term of 62 Years and 9 Months, from the 5th of April 1797, and then to cease: The said several Annuities to be payable at the Sink, of England, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund:

By One other Act of the same Session of Parliament, for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of £. 1,620,000 to the Emperor of Germany, and the regular Redemption of the Capital to be created thereby, the Contributors for raising the same were entitled to an Annuity at£. 3 per Cent, after the Rate of jT. 226. lor. Capital Stock for every £. 100 contributed and paid; which Annuity, upon the Failure of depositing in the Hands of

the Bank of England sufficient Monies to pay the said Annuities, and of a Sum equal to £. 1 per Cent, per Annum on the Capital of the said Loan, is charged upon, and was made payable out of, the Consolidated Fund.

N.B. The whole Sum of £. 3,500,000 in Addition to £.14,500,000 not having been raised, a Deductioil was therefore made on the Annuity for 62 Years and 9 Months of Six Pence per Cent.

The Annual Charge on £. 20,124,843. 15/. (the Amount of £. 112. 19 at£, 5 per Cent. on £. 17,888,750, the Subscriptions paid in full on the first above-mentioned Act) with £.9,056. 3J. 7 d.for Management - -

The Annual Charge at £-3 psr Cent, on £. 18,125,000 (the Amount of £. 14,500,000 at £. 125 per Cent.)with £.8,156. 5 s.for Management - -

The Annual Charge at £.3 per Cent, on £.7,250,000, the Amount of D° at £. 50 per Cent, with £.3,262. 10/. for D# - - - - r

The Annual Charge at £. 4 per Cent, on £. 2,900,000, the Amount of D° at £. 20 per Cent.

with £. 1,305 for D° - - - - <-

The Annual Charge of 6 s. per Cent, for 62 Years and 9 Months on £. 14,500,000, with £.489. 7/. 6d. for D° - -

The One Hundredth Part of £.20,124,843. 15J. in £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, to be Quarterly set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. to be paid to the Bank, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt -

The One Hundredth Part of £.18,125,000 in Consolidated £. 3 Crw/./Annuities 5 'D° The One Hundredth Part of £.7,250,000 in Reduced £. 3 per Cent.Annuities5 D -

The One Hundredth Part of£. 2,900,000 in £. 4 per Cent. Annuities; D° - - .

The Annual Sum to be let apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. in respect of the Annuities granted for 62 iYears, from the 5th of April 1797, at the End of 45 Years, to be paid to the Bank of England, and to be by them carried to the Account of the said Commissioners for reducing the National Debt -

£ ~ 1,015,298 7 4

551,906 5 —

220,762 10 —

117>3°5 — —

4 3>989 7 ,

201,248 8 9

181,250 — —

72,500 ——

29 000 —

5>97°---

By an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap.9. for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, Transoort, and Exchequer Bills, such Proprietors of the said Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills as were made out on or before the 31st of December 1795, who should on or before the 1 ith of November 1796, deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £.100 contained in the Certificates to be made out for the Amount of the Principal and Interest of the said Bills (and so in proportion for a greater or less Sum) to £. 178. 11 s. 5 d.'in £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, to commence from the 5th of July 17965 or to £.138. i'js. 9 id. in the £.4 Annuities, to commence from the 10th of OShber 17965 or to £. 119. os. 11 id. in the £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 5th of July 1796, at the Option of such Proprietors: And the Proprietors of such Bills as were dated after the 31st of December 1795, and on or before the 30th of April 1796, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled on or before the said nth of November 1796, should be entided, for every £. 100, to £. 176. 19 . 9 in the said £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the said 5th of July 17965 or to £. 137. 18 s.7 i d.in the said £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 10th of October 1796 5 or to £..118. 6s. 10 id.in the said £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 5 th of July 179 6, at the Option of the said Proprietors: And the Proprietors of the like Bills, made out after the 30th of April 1796, and on or before the 31st of July 1796, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled on or before the said nth of November 1796, should be entitled to £. 175. 8 s. 9 d. in the said £.3 Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 5th of July 17 96 5 or to £. 136. 19 8 in the said £. 4 per Cent.

Annuities, to commence from the 10th of October 1796 5 or to £, 117. 12 11 in the said£. 5 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the said 5th of July 1796 5 and the Proprietors of such Bills as were made out after the 31st of July 1796, and on or before the 27th of October 1796, who should carry their Bills to be cancelled on or before the said 1 ith of November 1796, should be entitled to £. 173. 18 3d. in the said £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 5th of July 1796 5 or to £.136. is. 1 d. in the £. 4 Cent.Annuities, to commence from the 10th of October 17965 or to £. 116. 19 s. 2 in the said £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the said 5th of July 1796.

2>439> 79 18 7

Borne forward

M39» 79 18 7

And

22° Novembris.

38 Geo. III.

113

The Produce of the following Duties, granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 37 III. from the Commencements the said Duties to the 10th of QEtober 1797 j viz.

The Produce of the Duties of Customs on Sugar and Bricks, granted from 128th December 1796 ——

D® - - - of the Duty of Excise on Bricks made in Great Britain, from D® -

D - — of the Duty on Cocoa Nuts, from - - - - D® -

D® — - of the additional Duty on Tea, from - - - - D° 4

D® - - - of the additional Duty on British Spirits, from - - D® -

D" - - - of the additional Duty on Foreign Spirits, from - - D® - -

D® - - - of the additional Tax on Stage Coaches, granted from the 5th of January 1797

D® - - - of the additional Tax on Auctions, granted from the 28th of December 1796

D® - - - of the Tax on Deeds, granted from the 5th of January and 5th of July 1797 (after deducing £. 117,453. 15 . for 3 Quarters, pursuant' to the Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 19.) - .

D® ----- of the additional Duty on Insurance from Fire, &c. granted from the 5th of

July 1797 -.....-

- - - of the additional Duty on Deeds, granted from the ift of 1797 -

- - - of the additional Duty on Newspapers, granted from the 5th of July 1797 *

- - - of the additional Tax of £. 5 per Cent, on Customs, from 28th December 1796-

- - - of the additional Tax of Three Pence per Pound on Pepper -

- - - of the additional Taxon Inhabited Houses, from the 5th of 1797.

- - - of the additional Tax on Male Servants - D".

- - - of the additional Tax on Horses, charged by the Act 36 Geo. III. with a Duty

of 2 A.....D®.

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D® -

D®

D®

D®

- of the further additional Tax on Horses and Mules, granted from the said 5th of July 1797.

- - - of the additional Tax of £. 20 per Cent, from die 5th of 1797.

- - of the Tax on Clocks and Watches, granted from the 5th of July 1797.

- - - of the Tax on Gold and Silver Plate, granted from the 5th of July 1797.

D® - - - of the ' additional Duties on Distilleries in ,from the28th December

1796 -

D® - - of the additional Dutieioo Distilleries in ,from the 5th of July 1797.

Surplus Income of the Post Office, after reserving the Quarterly Sums of 102,639 and £. 10,000, for the Three Quarters of a Year, to the 10th of 1797 -

£. s. d. 182,817 10 61

7.973 ——

M39 — — 159,258 — —

92,778 ——

69,654 — — 27,994 2 8 21,805 "

26,842 — 6

1,009 16 —

8,359 —

23,250 6 ib

3S>90» 4 — I

33,000 ——

83.983 -

£ 777.464 — 7

VOL. 53. i G g

Account of old Duty on British bpirits, ordered.

Accounts, pre fented.

114

22° Novembris.

A. 1797.

Brought forward - -

And by the said Act, the Proprietors of any Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 31, who should on or before the said nth of November 1796, carry such Exchequer Bills to the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills to be cancelled, should be entitled, for every £. 100 (and so in proportion for every greater or less Sum contained in the Certificates to be made out for the fame) to £. 176. 19/. 9 in the said £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, recommence from the 5th of July 1706; or to£. 137. i8j. 7\d. in the said £.4per Cent. Annuities, to commence from die 10th of 1796; or to£.118. 6 s. 10id.

in the said £.5 per Annuities, to commence from the said 5th of July 1796 (at the Option of the said Proprietors.) The said several Annuities to be paid and payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

N. B. 9y a subsequent Act, a further Time was allowed to the Proprietors of the said Bills to deliver them up.

The Annual Charges at £.3. per Cent, on £. 16,441,175. 4;. 9 granted in lieu of Navy,

Victualling, and Transport Bills delivered up to be cancelled, -pursuant to the Acts 37 Geo. III. with £. 7,398. 10 s. 7 for Management ——

The Annual Charge at £.4 per Cent, on £.764,861. 5 10 granted

in lieu of D , with £.344. 3 j. 7 </. for D°

The Annual Charge at £. 5 per Cent, on £. 2,030,596. 7 j. 2d. granted in lieu of D % with £.913. 15 j. 4 for D'

The Annual Charge at £. 3 per Cent, on £. 1,999,699. 4 4 granted

in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled, pursuant to the said Acts, with £. 899. 17 s.3 d.for D *

The nnual Charge at £. 4 per Cent, on £. 104,432. 5 s. 8 d. granted in lieu of D % with £.46. 19/. \o\for D" The Annual Charge at £. 5 per Cent, on £. 270,202. 41. 8 d. granted in lieu of D % with£.121. uj. for D°

The One Hundredth Part of £. 16,441,175. 4 in £.3 Cent. Consolidated Annuities, granted in lieu of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills delivered up to be cancelled, pursuant to the Acts 37 Geo. III. to be let apart at the Exchequer pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. - - - a

D° - - of £. 764,861. 5/. tod. in £. 4 Cent. Annuities, granted in lieu of D" Bills, pursuant to the said Acts 37 Geo. III. D® - -D# - - of £.2,030,596. 7j. 2d. in £i 5 Cent. Annuities, granted in lieu of D° Bills, pursuant to the said Act 37 Geo. III. D° -D - - of £. 1,999,699. 4 . 4 d.in £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, granted in lieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled, pursuant to the said Acts 37 Geo. III. to be set apart at the Exchequer in pursuance of the Act 32 GIII. - - D° - - of £.104,432. 5 s.8 d.in £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, granted in lieu of D % - - - D° - , - - - _ _

D° - - of £.270,202. 4 s.8 d.in £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, granted in lieu of D°, - - - D® - _ - .

Presented purfliant to an Act of the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

5 00,633 3°>938

s.

d.

8

12 7

102,443 11 8

60,890 16 91

4,424 5

8 I

13,631 12 —

164,411

7,648

15 —

12 3

20,305 19 3

19,996 ig 10 1,044 6 5

2,702 — 5

£. /. d.

M39»x79 18 7

928,872 7 7 *

3,368,052 6 2f

George Roje.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Old Duty on British Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for Three Years, ending 10th October 1794, distinguishing each Year; also,

the Amount of the Old Duty on British Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for the Year ending 10th October 1797; distinguishing England from Scotland.

The House being informed that. Mr. , from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Sums pud on Account of railing Sams for Seamen in the Years ending the 10th October 1796 and Se ' the 10th October 1797: And also,

An Account of the Sums paid on Account of Bounties on Bounties for Corn imported, in the Years ending the Cwn *

10th October 1796 and the 10th October 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,

8 Geo. III.

21° — 23 Novembris.

"5

-Account of Old Duty on British Spirits,

prrfrritfrtj

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Waring, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Old Duty on British Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for Three Years, ending 10th October 1794; distinguishing each Yearj also the Amount of the Old Duty on Spirits, paid into the Exchequer, for the Year ending the 10th October 1797; distinguishing England from Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rjofe presented to the House, pursuant to their Account of Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Permanent fented! Taxes, which subsisted previous to the 5th of January 1791, in thfe Years ending the 10th October 1796 and 17 97 respectively; adding thereto, the Difference between the Produce of the Duties on Home-made Spirits in each Year respectively, and the Average Produce thereof in Three Years, ending the 10th of October 1794} and adding likewise, the Amount of the Sums paid from' the Revenue of Customs, on Account of Bounties for Corn imported, or Bounties for railing Seamen, in the Years 1796 and 1797.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth, viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, which subsisted previous to the 5th of January 1791, in the Years ending the 1 oth October 1796 and 1797 respectively; adding thereto the Dif-

ference between the Produce of the Duties on Home-made Spirits in each Year respectively, and the Average Produce thereof in Three Years, ending the 10th of October 1794; and adding likewise the Amount of the Sums paid from the Revenue of Customs, on Account of Bounties for Corn Imported, or Bounties for sailing Seamen, in the Years 1796 and 1797.

In the Years ending October 10th,

r 1796: > 797:

Produce of the Permanent Taxes which subsisted previous to 1791 £ s. d. 12,798,326 £.' s. d, 3>34i»636 4 $

Loss on the Duties of the Distillery which subsisted previous to 79i - - - 554,181 252,414

Bounties on Com, paid out of the Revenue of Customs - - - - 449,381 150,102 7 r\

Bounties paid out of the Revenue of Customs for railing Seamen - - 51,491 14,784 13 9!

3A53>379 3'»75®»937 l5 Si

zift November 1797.

George RoJe.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 53.

Jovis, 2 30 die Novembris;

Anno 38 Georgii III. U Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names Keyworth in-are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro- urt p<ti‘ prietors of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Township

ii 6 3° Novem. 1797.

Township or Liberty of in the County of

Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township or Liberty, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the Whole, 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, and which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Owners and Proprietors thereof if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and the Lord do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

ReportExpir- Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were ing Laws. appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be' revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry,' and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admission " of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, " and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act authorizing His Majesty, for, a " limited Time, to make Regulations respecting the " Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good " Hope," which was to continue in Force until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

theP&7e&fr0ra The House was moved. That the several Reports, Committee on which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from Finance the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine bfconfiJered. and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they flood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793; And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and state the Amount erf" any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expefled Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of 1798, as

far as the same can n6w be ascertained or eftitnated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and who were instrufled to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who were also instructed to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to controul the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Reports be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 7th Day of December next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Reports.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill to con-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to a aiono ' continue, for a further Time, the Restriction contained Payment b in Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, on Pay- tht Bank» ments in Calli by the Bank, and also to continue and reported amend the other Provisions in the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time/One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-mqrrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grbfied.

A Petition of the Bailiffs of the Borough of petition of the

bury, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the Bailiffs of the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Tewkdbury. are the Returning Officers of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and that, as such, they, on Saturday Afternoon, the 13th Day of this Instant November, received a Precept from the Sheriff of the said County, commanding them to elect a Burgess to serve in the present Parliament in the Place of William Dowdeswell, Esquire, who has accepted the Office of Governor of the Bahama Islands; and that the Petitioners having received such Precept, they proclaimed the Election for Wednesday the 22c! Day of this Instant November, but., not being then aware of the Act of Parliament of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which requires that, from the 25th Day of October to the 25th Day of March, the Notice of the Time and Place of Election shall be given within the Hours of Eight o'Clock in the Forenoon and Four o'Clock in the Afternoon, they did not proclaim and give Notice of the said Election until between Five and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of the said 18th 'Day, of November Instant; and that the Petitioners are advised that, for Want of having proclaimed the Election between the above statutable Hours, they cannot legally proceed to an Election under the said Precept of Election: And therefore praying. That anew Writ

for

-by

38 Geo. ItL

i'3° Novem.

r 17

for electing a Member to serve for the said Borough in mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Parliament, in, the room of the said William Doivdef- Thall appear to them, to the House: well, may be issued. And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. of

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the And they are to meetTo-morrow Morn-

Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King WiI-ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Ham the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, 4 ind for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members," might be read *

And the same was read accordingly:

.. A Petition of the Sheriff and Grand Jury assembled Petition in fa-at the General Session of Assize holden at in ceding PeU-

and for the County Palatine of La, on Saturday tion. the 26th Day of August last, was presented to the

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in House, and read $ Setting forth, That the Petitioners the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma- have been apprized of the Intention of the Justices of jesty, intituled, "An Act to, explain and amend an the Peace, acting in and for the County Palatine of " Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Lancaster, to apply to Parliament for Leave to bring in " King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the a Bill to authorize and direct the holding of an Annual " further regulating Elections of Members to serve in General and Special Session of the Peace, at a eonve Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Pro- nient central Place in the said County, with such " ceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the elect- Powers as Parliament shall think proper to grant, lot " ing and returning such Members,' so far as relates to the Purpose of enabling such Court of Session to apthe Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of point Officers, and to transact all Matters of Business Election," might be read. concerning the said County at large, by which the

And the same was read accordingly. Rates of the said County may be in anywise affected j

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in and that the Town of in the said County, ap-

the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present pears to the Petitioners to be such convenient central Majesty, intituled, An Act to limit the Duration of Place for the said Justices to assemble, and to hold such " Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regula- Annual General and Special Session for the Purposes tions touching the Election of Members to serve in aforesaid; and that the Petitioners are strongly per- Parliament for Places within England and Wales, fuaded that such intended Regulations, if sanctioned " and for Berwick-upon-Tweed; and also, for removing by Parliament, would greatly facilitate the Administra- Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns tion of Public Justice, and would be attended with being made of Members to serve in Parliament," very useful and important Advantages to the County

Lancaster Sef-tons Petition.

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table:

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the General Sessions of the Peace; in the said County; have anciently been, and are now.

at large: And therefore praying, That such Bill as will effectuate and establish the Purposes aforesaid, may be brought into the House, and that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. 7

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- P >r ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His

held Quarterly, in Four Subdivisions of the said County, Majesty, the llesolutions which the Committee had

at which the Justices, resident within their respectivfe Districts, have been accustomed only to attend; and that the said Justices of the Peace have an equal and concurrent Jurisdiction within the said County, and, from the accumulated Concerns arising from various Circumstances within the different Parts of the said County which affect the Rates thereof, the said Juf-

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolve That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tJpperCinada. That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for tices of the Peace, acting on such Occasions, found it defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the expedient that, in Addition to the said General Courts Province of Upper , in America, from the ift

of Quarter Sessions; a General Session of the Peace Day of January to the 31 ft Day of December 1798. should be Annually holden at a central and convenient Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Novafcotia. Place in the said County, for the Purpose of appointing That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Nine hun-Officers, and transacting the general Business of the dred and Fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, said County at large, in all such Matters wherein the for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Rates thereof are affected; and that the Town of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1 ft

Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New Bruns. That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hun- ltk dred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the

Rreston being such central and convenient Place, a General Session of the Peace, called the Epiphany Session, hath been for some Years Annually holden, for the Purposes aforesaid, by Adjournment from Manchester, in the said County, to the said Town of Preston, to the great Convenience and Advantage Of the County at Province of New in America, from the 24th

large

and it hath lately been found, that the said Annual Session was liable to be disturbed, and could \ not be supported, with the desired Effect, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize and direct

Day of June 1798 to the 24th Day of 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Iflanil of

St. JohnV llland.

the holding of an Annual General Session in the said John, in America, from the ift Day of January to

County, at such Time, and at such convenient central the 31st Day of December 1798.

Place, with ample Powers for establishing the fame, in such Manner as Parliament shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee i And that they do exa-Vot. 53.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cape Breton. That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty,

Establishment of H h the

for defraying the Charge of the Civil

Newfound-

land.

Bihnma

Islands.

Bermudas.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

French

Refugees.

American, Loyal ills.

Secret Service Abroad.

Bills from New South Wales.

Convi<5h.

Li ht House in the Isle of Man.

Report on Scotch Diilil lery additional Duty A&.

118

3 Novembfis.

A 1797,

the Island of Cape Breton, in Amerka, from the 24th Day of June 1798 to the 24th Day of June 1799.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That'a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred and Thirty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Wand of Newfoundland, in America, from the lft Day of April 1798 to the ift Day of April 1799.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama ljlands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Expeoccs attending the fame, from the ill Day of January to the 3ill Day of December

798-

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of tlje Civil Establishment of the Bermuda or Somers ljlands, from the 24th Day of June 1798 to the 24th Day of June 1799.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Cl rge of the Civil Establishment of the Wand of Dominica, from the 1 ft Day of January to the 31st Day of December

U98- ..

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand One hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds and Two Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1797 to the 10th Day of October 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Sixty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in the Payment of Pensions and Allowances to American Loyalists, for the Year 1798.

» Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in discharging Bills which are drawn, and may be drawn, from the Settlement at New South Wales, for the Use of the fame, and which may become due in the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Three hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts at Home, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is- the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in discharging Bills which may be drawn for the Repairs ofihe Pier and Light House at the Entrance of Douglas Harbour, in the Isle of Man, in the Year 1798,

The laid Eesolutions being severally read a Second Time, Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr, Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the llVeral Parts of the Highlands of Scotland herein parti-1 " 'cularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respecttive " Districts in Scotland," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fdlloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, which was to continue in Force until One Month after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr HobaMr. Rose, and Mn Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of,

except for the Purpose of being Warehoused for Exportation, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue,

" for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act " to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies,

" in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to itfue " Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited " Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have " issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part " of the United Kingdom,' for a limited Time," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W'here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read-the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered,

Cambricks Bill, reported.

Bill to continue to allow the Banks in Scotland to issue certain Notes, reported.

Committee on Bill to continue Acts respecting the Negotiation of Promissory Notes.

Committee oh Malt Bill.

Committee on hand Tax Bill

38 Geo. III. 23d — 24°

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Three several Acts; passed in the last Session of Parliament, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please. to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rfefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1798, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1796, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1798.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning;

Thq other Order of tlife Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction tt> the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 1796, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 179S.

'1'hen the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they fad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Voi- i3-

Novembris. 119

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 24 dieNovernbris;

Anno 38 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

MR. Blackbunie, of Lancashire, reported from the Crofsford Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trullees for putting in Execution an Act, passed Road Peti-in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late tion, reported. Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge through " the Townships of Stretford and to the Town

" of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Laneaflerf and also an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge " the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the " Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing " the Road from Crofsford Bridge to Manchester, and " for amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County " Palatine of Chef erf was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been, complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the HouTe; and1 he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Kay being examined, said, That the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme', to the Town of Manchester, was, by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth of his late Majesty, made a Turnpike Road, and although it was afterwards '

included in the said Act of the Fifth of His present Majesty, yet has been kept separate and distinct from the other Road from Crofsford Bridge to Altrincham, is managed by a different Set of Trustees, and the Tolls collected thereon have been from Time to Time, and by both the said Acts arc directed to be applied for Purposes separate and distinct from those for which the Tolls collected on the other Part of the said Road are, by the said Acts, directed to be applied; that the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts have, lo far as relates to the Road from Crofsford Bridge to Manchester, proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, togethef with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unl fs the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road, be" -continued, and further and other Powers and additional Tolls granted.

And the Witness added. That it would be more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to the said Road, if the said Acts, so far as th£ same relate to the Road from Crofsford Bridge to Manchester aldresaid (except as to the Terms thereby granted) were repealed; and further and other Powers and Tolls granted.

Ordered, That Leave be giv„en to bring in a Bill for more effectually widening, repairing, and amendiry;, the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town in the County

Tadcifter and H ilton Dy;il K ui Ii.li, pa'led.

Emberton In cloiiire Bill, committed;

Manchester, Rochdale, and J ury Roads Petition, reported.

lib

\\ Nchoem

A. 1797.

County Palatine of Laiitaftet: And that Mr. Black-burne, cf Lancashire, and Mr. , do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

An 'ihgrofled Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Ttventy-fotirth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second and the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcafer to Ha,'ton Bjal, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clatile was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Duration of the Ad.

And the said Clause was Thrice tead; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of ltyder.

Then the Amendments following were leVerally pro-poled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 2. To leave out from " Term" to " as," in 1. 5. and insert " herein after " mentioned" inltcad thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafst And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the theri next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, [24 Geo. II.] 21 May 1751, and [16 Geo. 111.] 13 May 1776, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Halt on Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered \That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Emberton, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Temple, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to Whom the Pelition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the one, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of " Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpjall, to the Town of,

* and trom the said Place called White Smithy; by " a Place called Bejjis of the Barn, to the Town of Bury,

" and from the said Place called Bcjes of the Barn to " Radc/ife Bridge, in the County Palatine of ,"

and the other, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Act, and for empowering the Trustees under the same Act to repair a Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Sharpe being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a confukrable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which ftiil remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, additional Toll Gates erected, and further Tolls granted: And the Witness further said.

That the Powert and Authorities requisite for the Improvement of the said Roads might be more conveniently executed, if the said-Acts were repealed, and comprized in One Act of Parliament, and the said Roads divided into Three separate Districts: And he added,

That it is expedient that the same Powers and Authorities should be declared to extend to the Road leading through Part of the Town of Bury, to the Dwelling House in the Occupation of the Head Master of the Free Grammar School, Doubts having arisen, whether that Part of the Road is included in the said former Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for hiore effeduaHy repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township. of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called BeJJes of the Bant, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place, called BeJJes of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge 5 and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Prefzvich, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. and Mr.

Blatkbitrne; of Lancaftire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were Report Ex-hppointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near piring Laws, expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a. further Enquiry', and had come to One other.Rcfolu-tion, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as foljoweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in

" His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their " Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite " them to Mutiny or Disobedience," which was to continue in Force until the Expiration of One Month after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart; according to Order, reported from the Malt Bill, re-j Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ported continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where + the

Land Tax Bill, reported.

BilF to continue Ach? respefring the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, repotted.

Cambricks Bill, passed.

Bill to continue Act to allow the Banks in

38 Geo. III.

2 40 Novembris.

121

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning:, if the said Bill shall be then

ingossed.

Mr Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised' in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the ' Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue Three several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rcltraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed,

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had- directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, riot being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being Warehoused for Exportation, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act passed [37 Geo. III. c. 72] 6 June 1797, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being Warehous'd for Exportation.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, for a limited " Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act to allow the " Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part " of Great Britahi called Scotland, to issue Notes for " Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; " and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued " Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the " United Kingdom,' for a limited Time," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 5. To leave out " And be it further " Enacted," and insert " and" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to ,by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed [37 Geo. III. c. 137] 20 July 1797, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, " made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, for a limited " Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act to allow the " Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of " Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums " under a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and " for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes " for small Sums of Money in that Part of the united " Kingdom,' for a.limited Time."

Ordered, That Mr. Tail do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotland to issue certain Notes, passed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Blit to con Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an D?ftMetyadl Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting ditional Duty to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the AS, pretent-several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Dif trifts in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jrfeuu.2'' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Account ordered i

Amount of

Alitfled

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Amount of afiefled Taxes for One ....

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Year, ending 5th April 1797, estimating the Chaise on Taxe». Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to continue, for a each Article for Four Quarters, and deducting the re-Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of from the Charges of Management.

VOL.

1 i

Ordered,

122

24° — 250 Novembris. A. 1797.

Number of Persons paying AiTeffed Taxes,

Amount of Duties on Windows and Houses.

Number of Persons paying D°.

Bill to continue the Rendition on Payments by the Bank, passed.

Neutral Ships and Cape of Good Hope Kill, presented.

Ordered, That there be laid_ before this. House, an 'Account of the Number of Persons who pay assessed Taxes, distinguishing the same into Clafies, according to the Amount, from Six Shillings to Four hundred Pounds, and upwards. Annually, in the Manner in which the same can be most conveniently specified.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of Duties on Windows and Inhabited Houses, imposed by Acts of the Sixth, Nineteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh of His

Srefent Majesty, for One Year, according to the latest Returns; distinguishing the Amount in each County, and in the Cities of London and , and Borough of Southwark.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Persons who pay the Duties on Windows and Inhabited Houses, imposed by Acts of the Sixth, Nineteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh of His present Majesty, distinguishing the same into Classes, according to the Amount, from Three Shillings to One hundred Pounds, and upwards, in the Manner in which the same can be most conveniently specified.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a further Time, the Restriction contained in Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, on Payments in Calli by the Bank, and also to continue and amend the other Provisions in the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 5. To leave out " And be it further " Enacted," and insert " and" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and continue, until One Month after the Conclusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act, passed [37 Geo. III. c. 91.] 22 June 179 7, for the Restrict ion on Payments of Calh by the Bank.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Acts, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to con- Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to punfihment°r Order, a to continue, for a Time to be limited, an ot Attempt Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, or Lande Sea An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Korces, pre- " Attempts to leduce Persons serving in His Majesty's tented. " Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Alie-

" giance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny " or Disobedience:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read; ftrrcd 'de Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ure‘' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned -till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 25° die Novembris;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

THE Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing, and granting to His- Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue several Acts, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited.

Malt Bill, passed.

Land Tax Bill, paired *

Bill to continue Scotch Distillery additional Duty A&, committed.

Neutral SI ios and Cape ot Good Hope Bill, committed.

Bill to continue Act for Punishment of Attempts

t

38 Geo. lit 250 — 27 *

to reduce Sea mited, an Act, passed in the Uft Session of Parliament, Force'dcom- " An Act for the better Prevention and Pu *

mitted! " nishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in " His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their " Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience," be now read *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morn ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Bill to con- Ordered', That the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue rpcain the " Three several Acts, passed in the last Session of Par-Netfotmion liament, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Ope-Not defeZ rat‘on of certa‘n Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seven-roL teenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rellraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn ing, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 2 70 cite Novembris;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

Schmiding, COHN Fredrick Peter , John Joachim

loiw«nfwonf ' DiederickWegener, and Henry J olivet, took the

0lvet' wom Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Wegener' A Bill for naturalizing John Joachim Diederick

rittedU, COm Zener-> was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr Elf or d, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Schmiding' A Bill for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding, Nat.Bdi.com- was rcat] a Second Time.

nuttc ‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &'c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

jolivet's Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Henry , was read a

Bdl, commit- Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to con- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third reneahf the Reading of the ingrossed Bill to continue Three several Negotiation of Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for fuf-Promissory pending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain ote», pal e . macje in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of, Parliament, Two several Acts, passed [36 and 37

Vol. 53.

Novembrti. 12$

Gw. III. f. 32.] 10 March 1797, and [36 and 37

Geo. III. c. 61.] 25 May 1797, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, presented to the Bfanchester, House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road Bill, presented. from the Town or Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of to the

Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Beffes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called BeJJ'es of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Lane, in

the Township of Prestwich, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That tKe Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to r gu-regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other o/oufcT'&e. Proceedings, which arile within the Counties of certain ordered. ' Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom:

And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, and Mr. Perceval, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That a Return, con- Deouty Clerk taining special Matter, had been made into the Office °o anewTwith of the Clerk of the Crown, to the last Writ which the Tewkef-was issued for the Election of a Member to serve in buiyRetun Parliament for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the said Return.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to amend Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence ft Eiecpence in Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- uons, ordered. " ment," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain and amend the said Act: And that Lord Viscount Belgrave and Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uJsfotch upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, Distillery ad-an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for jmonal Duty granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distil-lcries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

6 Ordered,

a 7° — 28° N.

Committee on

Bill to continue for Punishment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred *

Southampton Church Bill, reported.

124

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in " His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their " Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite " them to Mutiny or Disobedience," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr., Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report,' when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con fid er further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVeinesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 28® die Novembris;

Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

' R. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to

A 1797.

Ordered, That ingrafted.

the Bill, with the Amendment, be

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to s

whom the Bill for naturalizing John Joachim ported.1 '

Wegener, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with 'the Amendment, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Joli vet's Nat, Bill, reported.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Ques- . tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, d>e ingrafted.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to Chedzoy Di-whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Common- Bill reported. able Pastures within the Parish of , in the '

County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills- of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 3 Common Rights; and that the whole Number of such

M whom the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Years of the Reign Rights are 77; and that no Person appeared before the of His present Majesty, for taking down and re-build- Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Coming the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several and County of the Town of Southampton, was commit- Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him ted; That the Committee had examined the Allega- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to Amendments, in at' the Clerk's Table: Where the the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question made several Amendments thereunto, which they had severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. directed him to report to the House: and he read the , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, ingrafted, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table -

Schmlding's Nat. Bill, reported.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding, was committed; That the Committee had that the Committee had examined the Allegations of examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Parties concerned, had given their Consent to the Bill, through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the which they had directed him to report to the House; Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve-and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the him to report to the House; and he read the Report Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendment was Twice read; in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Mr. Bouverie, of Northampton, reported from the Elded inclo-

Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, p"rrje i!' re' and inclosing, a certain Waste or Common, called Elfled Marsh, within the several Parishes of Eljled and 21cotton, or one of them, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been (Complied with; and the House.

Amendments were Once read throughout,

and then a Second

Accounts pretented;

Amount of

AifelTed

Taxes *

Number of Persons paying D°.

Amount of

Duties on Windows and Houses.

Accounts pre tented a

38 Geo. Ili.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill , with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. j from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,.

An Account of the Amount of the Asseffed Taxes for One Year, ending the 5th April 1797, estimating the Charge on each Article for Four Quarters, and deducting therefrom, the Charges of Management: And also.

An Account of the Number of Persons who pay Asseffed Taxes, distinguishing the same into Claflesj according to the Amount, from Six Shillings to Four hundred Pounds, and upwards, Annually: And also,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Duties on Windows and Inhabited Houses, imposed by Acts of Sixth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-fourth of Geo. III. for One Year, ending 5th 1797; distin-

guishing the Amount in each County, and in the Cities of London and West'nii and Borough of Southwark.

And then he withdrew. 1

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he vjas called

!25

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Fisher also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. ior. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the iotb Day of October 1797, on the several Orders made out pursuant to an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Diflensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1798, together with the Sum of £ $s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1798, after the same Rate of £. 3. 1 or. per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 6. 55. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively, in which the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth} viz.

28° Novem.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's; Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To 77\omaiCotton, Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by Senhouse Wilson, Esquire, for Materials for rebuilding the Pier and Light-house at the Entrance of Douglas Harbour, in the Isle of Man ——

To George Whittam, Esquire, for making an Indent to the Votes of the House of Commons, and for defraying the Expence of printing the same - -

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, for printing 1,500 Copies of the General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons, from the Year 1774 to the Year 1790, compiled by Samuel Dunn - - - '

To John Ley, Esquire, and others, as Compensations for examining and taxing the Bills of Costs and Expences of Messrs. Wallis and Solicitors on the Part of the

Prosecution on the Impeachment of Warren Hajlings, Esquire - .

To George Brown, Esquire, for the Expence attending the Surveys of the intended Military Roads through the Counties of Inverness, Sutherland, and Part of Caithness -

To Samuel Dunn, Esquire, as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, ' in having compiled a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons, from the Year 1774 to the Year 1790 -

£. s. d.

5 391 17 10 210 ——

1,490 ——

1,350 i 6 601 7 —

1,000 ——

t

Exchequer, the 28 th Day of N 1797-

10,043 6 4

James Fisher *

Vol. 53

K k To

Money issued pursuant to Addresses.

Sums wanting for Relief to American and East Florida Sufferers *

D

cq

<-h

n'

CD

Q.

CT

o

o

o

rT

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3. 10 Centum per , for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1797, on 4he several Orders made out pursuant to an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Diflensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain; and to such Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy, See. See. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1798, together with the Sum of £.6. 5. . per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the lath Day of October 1798,' after the same Rate of £.3, 10 s. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5 s. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame.

AMERICAN CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the above-mentioned Act, which will becom'e due on the 5th Day of April 1798, together with £.6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal contained in each Order - ..

Ditto - -- -- - which will become due on the 10th October 1798 ——

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied on the several Orders made out pursuant to the above-mentioned Act, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1798, together with £.6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal contained in each Order - -

Ditto ----- ---- f - which will become due on the 10th October 1798 - - - ~ -

Exchequer, the a 8 th Day of November 1797,

OS

Principal to be paid off. Interest. Total. totals.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

22,943 15 — 803 — 7 23>746 15 7 47>°9 — 11 i

22»943 lS — 401 10 3 i 23.345 5 3 '

1,406 5 — 49 4 4f M55 9 4f 2,886 6 6 i

1,406 5 — 24 12 2 I 1,430 17

£ 49.978 7 6

James -

a 8° Novembris. A. 1797.

38 Geo. III. 28 Novembris. 127'

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bill to con- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the tinue Act for Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

Pimillimentot . c . . - .

Attempts to continue, for a lime to be limited, an Act, passed in {‘jrttMwtbe last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for xeported. ' " the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts " to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by " Sea or Land, from their Dufy and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Quel- tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrafted.

Bill to con- Mr. Hobart,'according to Order, reported from the

UHWlery'ad- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ditional Duty continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in Act, reported, he last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, was Committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the - Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was reach

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

appointment of the Petitioners, and to the manifest Danger of the Settlements in Africa, committed to their Care; and the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvement, and Extension of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on that Coast necessary thereto, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be sufficient, as well for the Expences already incurred, and not provided for, as for th extra Expences in consequence of the War, and Jikcwife for the effectual permanent Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall lctm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. *

Ordered, That the Bill to continue, for a Time to Bill to con- . be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia- £ini?

.' . , ' 1 . _ r. . „ . Punishinentot

ment, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention Attempts to " and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serv- |e(lu" Sea or " ing in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from to he rodTh'e " their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to in- Third Time. " cite them to Mutiny or Disobedience," be read the Third Time after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day-, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attended with the Proceedings Special Return to the last Writ which was issued for Return or the the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament Tewkesbury. for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of

G/ouce/ier.

And the Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, containing the said Special Return, was read; and is as followed!; viz.

M. ican Com Jriny's Petition,

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre-lcnted to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1796, examined and passed by the Cursitor Barpn of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " extending and improving the Trade to ," and

that they have invested the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast: That the Petitioners, in their Petition to the House in January 1795, having represented various increased Expences, to which their Establillimeots had been subject, as well from the Condition of their Forts and Settlements, as from the Nature of their Service, and from extraordinary Charges in Consequence of the War, and that, on Account of the fame, their Establishments were getting considerably in Debt, Parliament, taking the same into Consideration, were pleased to grant the Slim of £. 20,000 for the Service of that Year, and a like Sum for the Service of the Year 1796; and that in their Petition to the House, in December last, they represented that the said increased Expences still existed in their utmost Extent, and, in Addition to the fame, they were subject to a very considerable further Increase, owing to the advanced Price of various Articles of Merchandize and Provisions, notwithstanding which Parliament was pleased to grant no more than . 13,000 for the Service of the present Year, to the great Dii-VOL. 53.

These are to certify, That the Sheriff of the County of Gloucester hath returned the Writ to him directed, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of November Instant, for the eiefting of a Burgofs to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the said

County, in the room of HriUEl'quire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Bahama Ifands; and hath indorsed the same as follows; to wit,

I humbly certify and return to our most Serene Lord the King, that by virtue of this Writ to me directed,

I did, on the Eighteenth Day of November, in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, duly make my Precept to the Bailiffs of the Borough cf in the County within mentioned, which Precept I did, on the said Eighteenth Day of November, deliver to the said Bailiffs, whereby I required them, that because the Execution of the said Writ as to the said Borough of Tewkesbury belonged to them, they should forthwith, cause One Burgess to be elected for the said Borough, according to the Command of the said Writ, and how they should have executed the fame, they should make known to me immediately after the said Election made, so that I might certify the fame, together with this Writ and the said Precept, to our said Lord the King, in His Chancery, forthwith: And I further humbly certify, that on the Twenty-seventh Day of the said November, I did receive from the said Bailiff's a certain Return or Answer to the said Precept, which is hereto annexed.

The Answer of

John Raymond Barker,

Esquire, Sheriff.

A Copy

t

128

28° Novembris.

A. 179

A Copy of the said Return or Answer here followeth; to wit,

John Darke, Esquire, and Richard Jenkins, Gentleman, Bailiffs of the Borough of in the County of Gloucester, do hereby return and certify unto the Sheriff of the said County of That having

in the Afternoon of Saturday the Eighteenth Day of November Instant received the Precept hereunto annexed from the said Sheriff, requiring them to cause to be elected a Burgess for the said Borough, they did, from Ignorance of the Act of Parliament herein after mentioned, between the Hours of Five and Six o'Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, make Proclamation of the Election of a Burgess, to be held on the

Twenty-second Day of the same November, on which Day the said Bailiffs intended to proceed to the said Election: That before any Proceeding in the said Election, the said Bailiffs were, on the said Twenty-second Day of November, and not before, informed, that by a Statute passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, such Proclamation is required to be made, from the Twenty-fifth Day of to

the Twenty-fifth Day of March, between the Hours of Eight o'clock in the Morning and Four o'Clock in the Afternoon, and that therefore the Proclamation which had been, so as aforesaid made between the Hours of Five and Six o'Clock in the Afternoon was illegal and void: That the said Bailiffs were all'o advised that no fresh Proclamation of the said Election could then be made, so as to proceed therein within Eight Days next after the Receipt of such Precept, giving Four Days Notice thereof, according to the Form of the Statute in that same made and provided; and that x therefore no Election could legally be made of a Burgess under the said Precept: That by Reason of the Premises, the said Bailiffs did not further proceed in the Execution of the said Precept, nor cause any Election to be had, or any Return of a Burgess for the said Borough to be made according to the Tenor of the said Precept. In Witness whereof they the said John Darke and Richard Jenkins, Bailiff's of the said Borough, have hereunto set their Hands, and the Seal of Office of the said Borough, the Twenty-fifth Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

1 Bailiffs. Rtc/r Jenkins, 3

Given under my Hand, this Twenty-seventh Day of November 1797,

Joseph Baldwin, Deputy Clerk of the Crown.

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Jour-' nal of the House, of the 3d and 4th Days of December 1689, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the issuing of a Precept for eleding a Burgess for the Borough of Dorchester, in the room of Mr. Napier, then lately deceased, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of William Dowdejwell, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Bahama Islands;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of 1780, of the

Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Special Return made by the Sheriffs of the City of and on the Motion for the issuing of a YVrit for a new Election, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

/The House was also ,moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 20th Day of November 1780, of the Proceedings of the House on the presenting of several Petitions relating to the said Return, might be read.

And the same \vas read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 21st Day of November 1780, of the issuing of a new Writ for the Election of Two Citizens, to lerve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " That,"' to the End of the Question, in order to insert thele Words, " all Persons who will question the said Return,

" do question the same within Fourteen Days next," instead thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by adding at the End thereof thele Words, " after the said Return was brought into J‘ the Office of the Clerk of the Crown."

And the Question being put, That those Words Be there added;

It was resolved in' the Affirmative,.

Then the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out of the original Question Hand Part thereof; ,

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " all " Persons who will question the said Return, do question the same within Fourteen Days next after the " said Return was brought into the Office of the Clerk " of the Crown," be inserted instead thereof}

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put}

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question the said Return for the Borough of Tewkesbury, do question the same within Fourteen Days next alter the said.

Return wras brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown.

Lord Viscount Belgrave presented to the House, Bill to amend according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an anting Ex-

Ad:, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King pence at Elec-

Williamthe Third, intituled, "An Act; for preventing °"gdpre'

" Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to " serve in ParliamentAnd the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order made this Day, for reading the Third Time, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day, the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, " from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or " to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience," if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed, being read;

The said Bill, being ingrossed, was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, ,until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed [36 and 37 Geo. III. c. 70.] 6th June 1797, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to fcduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

Ordered,

Bill to continue Act for Punishmentol: Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces, passed.

Wegener's Nat. Bill, passed.

Schmiding's Nat Bill, passed.

Jolivet's Nat. Bill, passed.

PiefchePsNat.

Petition.

Southampton Church Bill, passed.

38 Geo. III. 290 129

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

Mercurti, 290 die JWovembris 5

Anno 38° Georgii III'U Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Joachim Diederick Wegener, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 4. To leave out from "notwithstanding" to the End of the Bill.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Diederick Wegener.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 3. 1. ult. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to the End of the Bill.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry Jolivei, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.3. 1. 37. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to the End of the Bill.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Henry Jo/ivet.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Augustus Frederick Piefchel was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down and re-building the Parish VoL. 53.

Church of All Saints, within the TowA and County of the Town of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. A my at tdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence:

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Hofford and Mr. Smith i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Continuing, arid granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder; and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting ari Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed [37 Geo. III. c. 137.] 20 July 1797, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, itiade " in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue for a limited Time, and " amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act to allow the Banks, and " certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under " a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and fori indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for " small Sums of Money in that Part of the united " Kingdom,' for a limited Time;" with feme Amendments to the Title of the said Bill; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act passed [37 Geo. III. c. 72.] 6 June 1797; for prohibiting the Importation of Carrtbficks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufad-ture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being ware-housed for Exportation; with feme Amendments to the Title of the said Bill; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, until One Month after the Conclusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act, passed [37 III. c. 91.] 22 June 1797, for the Rellriftion on Payments of Cash by the Bank; with feme Amendments to the Title of the said Bill; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gore Langton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Middlezoy, in the County of Somerset i And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Commonable Pallures within the Parish of Ched-zoy, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Commonable Pastures within the Parish of in the County of

Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore' Langton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

LI Xa

The Lords have agreed W

Malt Bill.

Land Ta Bill.

Bill to continue Act tef allow the Banks in Scotland to issue certain Notes, with Amendments;

Cambricks Bill, with Amendments.

Bill to continue the Rer ltri&ion on Payments by the Bank, with Amend- meats.

Middlezoy Division, cVc. Bill, piciented.

Chedzoy 0i-vition, &c. Bill, passed-

hilled Inclo-4'ure Bill, paU'ed.

Lords Amend-ments to Bill to continue the Re-llridion on Payments by the Bank, considered.

Lords Amendments to Cambricks Bi4!,-considered.

130

4 9

Novembris.

A

1797,

An iilgrofled Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Wade or Common, called Eljled Marjli, within the several Parishes of Eljled and or one of them, in the County of SuJJ'ex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting,- and inclosing, a certain Waste or Common, called Eljled Marjliy within the several Parishes of Eljled and Trotton, or one of them, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Bov.verie, of Northampton, do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Title of the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, until One Month after the Conclusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act, passed [37 III. c. 91.] 22 June 1797, for the Restriction on Payments of Cash by the Bank.

And the said Amendments were read } and afe as followeth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill,

Line 4. Leave out from "passed" to " for," in 1. 5, and insert " in the Thirty-sixth and " Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-one,

" cet, on the Twenty-second of " One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-seven."

And it appearing that the said Amendments made by the Lords, were only to rectify a Mistake made in the Title of the said Bill, with respect to the true Description of the Session of Parliament in which the Act therein mentionedpafled, the said Session being in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign:

1 he First of the said Amendments was read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other of the said Amendments being read a Second Time;

The Amendment following was proposed to be made thereunto; viz.

After the Words " in the," to insert the Words " Session of Parliament of the."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to thfe Amendments made by their Lordships to the Title of the fakl Bill, with an Amendment to one of them; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Title of the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, passed [37 Geo. III. c. 72.] 6 June 1-797, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of t he Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill,

Line 3. Leave out from " passed" to for," in 1. 4, and insert " in the Thirty-sixth and " Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two; videlicet, on the Sixth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyseven."

And it appearing that the said Amendments were made by the Lords upon the Grounds before-mentioned;

The First of the said Amendments was read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other of the said Amendments being read a Second Time

The Amendment following was proposed to be made thereunto; viz.

After the Words " in the", to insert the Words " Session of Parliament of the."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.,

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to this Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Title of the said Bill, with an Amendment to one of them; to which Amendment this lloule doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the.Title of the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed [37 Geo. III.

c.

Lords AmemN menu to llill to continue Act to allow the Banks in

- - f Scot kind to

137.] 20 July 1797, intituled, "An Act to con- issue certain ' " tinue an Act, made in this present Session of Paf- cont> *

" liament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue,

" for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed lih " the present Session oLParliament, intituled, ‘An Act " to allow the‘Banks and certain'Banking Companies,

" in that Part of Great Britain called to'issue

" Notes for Sums under'a certain Amount, for a limited " Time; and for indemnifying ‘all Persons who have " issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part " of the united Kingdom,' for‘a limited Time."

And the said Amendments were read; and are ds followeth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill,

Line 3. Leave out from " passed" to "‘'intituled," in 1. 4, and insert " in the Thirty-sixth " and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One'Hundred and Thirty-seven; ' on the

" Twentieth of July One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-seven."

And it appearing that the said Amendments were made by the Lords \ipon the Grounds before-mentioned;

The First of the said Amendments was re 'd'a Second Time; and, ' Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other of the said Amendments being read a Second Time; '

The Amendment following was proposed to be made thereunto; viz.

After the Words " in the," to insert the Words,

" Session of Parliament of the."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, lb amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to tlier Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Title of the said Bill, with an Amendment to one of them; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Kejolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Neutral S! in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Good Hop'ef House, upon the Bill to continue several Acts, relating Bill, deferred.

8 to.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Bill to continue Scotch Distillery additional Duty Act, deferred.

"The Lords have agreed to

Amendment made to their Amendments to Bank Restriction Bill,

D° to Cambricks Bill.

b° to Scotch Notes Bill.

38 Geo. III.

290 — 30° Novembris.

to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Com1 merce to and from The Cape Good Hope.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn1 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His. Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distil1 leries in the respective Districts in , was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Amendments, made By their Lordships, to the Title of the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, until One Month fter t he Con-elusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act, passed [37 Geo. III. 91.] 22 June 1797, for the -Restriction on Payments of Calli by the Bank: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Amendments, made by their Lord-Thips, to the Title of the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue until the pirft 'Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, An Act, passed [37 Geo. III. e. 72.] 6 June 1797, for prohibiting ' the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of,

except for the Purpose of being warehotifed for Exportation: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Title of the Bill, intituled, An Act to' continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed [37 Geo. 111. c. 137.] 20 July 1797, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " revive and continue for a limited Time, and amend, " an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, " intituled, ‘An Act to allow the Banks, and certain " Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a cer» " tain Amount, for a limited Time} and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small " Sums of Money in that Part of the united Kingdom, " for a limited Time."

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 53.

Jovis, 30° die Novembris 5

x

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797 *

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of Royal Atfeh the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had beeft nt the Hi.use of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned j and also empowering ;His Royal TIigh net's the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of 7ork. His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal High1 ness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor-of Great,

and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the laid Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great,

Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the iRoyal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Sendee of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight:

An Act for granting aft :Aid to His Majesty, by a ~

Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Sendee of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight:

An Act to amend and Contihue, until One Month after thei Conclusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty,1 Chapter Ninety-one, , on the

Twenty-second of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for the Restriction on Payments of Calli by the Bank:

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Commencement of: the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Thirty-' seven, videlicet, on the Twentieth of July One thousand

Seven hundred and Ninety Ycven, intituled, "An Act " to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed " in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companics, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

" to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for " a limited Time; and for indemnifying all -Persons " who have issued Notes for imali Sums of Money in "that Part of the united Kingdom,' for a limited " Time

An Act to continue., until the First Day of March,

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chap- ter Seventy-two, videlicet, on the Sixth of June One thousand -

.00 le

13 2 5°°

thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being ware-housed for Exportation.

Consideration The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Newton the Petition of Peter Pof Bank, in the County Pa-Petitions, ad- latine of Lancaster, Esquire; and also, the Petition of journed. Henry Worsley, of Golbornein the County of

Fustian Manufacturer, and Peers of in

the said County, Yeoman, Two of the Electors of the Borough of Newton, in the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Sixty-two Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

i° Decembris. A. 1797 *

Veneris, i° die Decembris;

Anno 38° Georgii 3 " Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Newton Elective Petition of Peter Patten, of , in the e Cde: 1 County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Henry Worsley, of Golborne, in the County of Lancaster, Fustian Manufacturer, and Naylor,

of Haydock, in the said County, Yeoman, Two of the Electors of the Borough of Newton, in the said Count}-, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mf. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

House to b« A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-called over. posed, That this House be called over Tomorrow Morning;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 28th Day of April 1797, of the Proceedings of the House, upon taking into Consideration the Petition of the Freeholders of the County o I Kent, complaining of an undue Election and

Return for the said County, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That this House be called over Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House. 1

Names of ab- Resolved, That, when this House shall have proceeded lent Members Tomorrow to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to be reported. for t]ie Trial of the Petition of Peter Patten, of Bank, in the County Palatine of Esquire; and also, the

Petition of Henry Worsley, of Golborne, in the County of Lancaster, Fustian Manufacturer, and Peers Naylor, of Haydock, in the said County, Yeoman, Two of the Electors of the Borough of Newton, in the said County, l'everally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, and the Names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that Purpose, Mr. Speaker do direct the Name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House; to be set aside; and that a List of the Names of such absent Members be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House, at such Time as the House shall think fit to appoint.

Those not ex- Resolved, That upon the Report of the Lift of the tiken into Names of such absent Members, the Members, for

Custody. whose Non-Attendance, on the Appointment of the said Select Committee, a sufficient Excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of Custody, without the l'pecial Order of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoi ford and Mr. Smith:

The Lord have agreed t *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Biiltocon-Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Par- Attempts to liament, an Act, passed [36 and 37 Geo. III. c. 70.

6 June 1797, for the better Prevention and Punish- with Amendment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His mans. Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience; with some Amendments to the Title of the said Bill; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Billtocon-

Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six YVeeks t, I'uec4iti

ri orr respecting the

after the Commencement of the next Session or rar- Negotiation

liament, Two several Acts, passed [36-and 37 Geo. otivomiflory III. c. 32.] 10 March 1797, and [36 and 37 Geo. Amlnd nt . III. c.61.] 25 May 1797, for suspe.nding, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promifl'ory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Britain called

England; with some Amendments to the Title of the said Bill; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Newton FJfC One hundred and Fifty-one Members being present; coiUider&LnS *

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked ;.

The Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, were read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six dalles, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Ten Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Nicholas Vansittart, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to l'erve on the said Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Major General Balfour,

being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse

for

38 Geo. III. i ° Decembris 133

for not serving on the said Committee; that he was under conditional Orders to attend his Duty at Colchester, as Major General in the Eastern District; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and Major General Nijbit Balfour having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Six other Members, theh present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right Honourable Henry Dundas being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that being One of His Majesty V Principal Secretaries of / State, he conceived it would be attended with material Interruption to Public Business, if he was obliged to attend on the said Committee; and the Substance " of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Secretary having at the

Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Thirty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to,

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of James A my att, Esquire, tThomas Skip Dyot Bucknall, Esquire, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, were drawn, who having sworn that they were severally Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Three on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); One as having voted at the Election; and One on Account of his Return to l'erve in Parliament not having been- brought in Fourteen Days.

Aud the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being tomplete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and-Agents withdrew.

Order for Cull The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, dischargeJ. being read)

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

.. Ordered; That the said Account do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for theUfe of the Members of the House:

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, who did the

not appear this Day, on the Appointment of the Select Ballot to be Committee, for Trial of the Petition of Peter Patten, of reported. Bank, in the County Palatine of Esquire j

and also, the Petition of Henry Wor, of in the County of Lancaster, Kuftian Manufacturer, and Peers Naylor, of Hay dock, in the said County, Yeoman,

Two of the Electors of the Borough of Newton, in the said County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough (which Names were set aside) be reported by Mr. Speaker, to the House, upon Monday next.

Tke House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Title of the Continue Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expira- Act for Pu-tion of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the Attempts' next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed [36 and 37 reduce sea or Geo. III. c. 70.] 6 June 1797, for the better Prevention " Forces, and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving oni ere in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth} biz.

In the Title of the Bill.

Line 3. Leave out from passed to " for" in Line 4, and insert " in the Session of Parlia-. " ment holden in the Thirty-sixth and " Thirty-seventh Years of His present Ma-' " jesty, Chapter Seventy} on the

" Sixth Day of June One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do canry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Title of the said Bill.

lanfegfie's A Petition of John James Catherine Gast on de Bardi, Nat. Petition. Marquis of Lau[L(giie, was presented to the House, and read } Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. IVigley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Piefchers Nat. Bill, presented.

Account of Number of Persons v.ho pay the Duties ©n Windows and Houses, presented.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Angiftnt Frederick Pies-chel: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Rcfoived, That the . Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr; Hunter, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door} he was called in} and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Persons who pay the Duties on Windows and Inhabited Iloules, imposed by Acts of the 6th, 19th, and 24th, Geo. III. distinguishing the same into Classes, according to the Amount, from Three Shillings to One hundred Pounds, and upwards, as far as the same can be made up.

Vol. 53.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Title of the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed [36 and 37 Geo. III. c. 32.] 10 March 1797, and [36 and 37 Geo. III. c. 61.] 25 May x797, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And the said Amendments Were read} and are as followeth} viz.

In the Title of the Bill.

Line 3. Leave out from " passed" to " for" in Line 5, and insert " in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and " Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the One Chapter Thirty-two, on " the Tenth Day of March, and the other " Chapter Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth " Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred <tnd Ninety-seven."

M m The

Lords Amendments to Bill to continue Acts reipetting the Negotiation of Pro-millbry Note , considered.

Vt mchester,

Rochdale, and Bury, Reads Bill, committed *

Benort F,x-firing Laws;

Indemnity B d, committed.

134 i° — 2° Decembris. A. 1797.

The said Amendments being fdverally read a Sedond Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Title of the said Bill.

A Bill for more effectually repairing widening, altering, and improving, the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale; and

also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called BejJ'e of the "Barn, to the Town

of Bury; and also she Road from the said Place,- called BefJ'es of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridgeand also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Town 111 ip of all

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr burne, of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee who wrere appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to thp House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to prohibit " the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, and Potatoes, " and to permit the Importation of Corn and other " Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, in any Ships " whatever, without Payment of Duty and for permitting Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Meal, imported " in order to obtain the Bounties granted by an Act " of the last Session of Parliament, but which have not " been found fit for making Bread, to be used in the " Manufacture of Starch, Hair Powder, and Blue, or " in the Dillillation of Low Wines and Spirits," as relates to the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of certain Sorts of Corn, and to the Importation of the Articles of Provision mentioned in the said Act, which was to continue in Force until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, wras, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rcfe, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neg-ledled to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. t

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole , House, upon the said Bill;

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Newton Elec-returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the "appointed! said Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Nicholas Vansittart, Esquire, and Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Right Honourable Sir Richcfrd Baronet,

Andrew Strahan, Efcfuire, the Earl Temple, Reginald Pole Cateiv, Esquire, Richard Ellison, Esquire, Sir John Stuart,

Baronet, William Elf or d, Esquire, Thomas Jones, Esquire,

William Henry Fellowes, Esquire, the Lord Macdonald,

William Me eke, Esquire, James Dawkins, Esquire, William Stuart Rcfe, Esquire, Nicholas Vansittart, Esquire,

Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of Peter Patten, of Bank, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Henry,

of Golborne, in the County of Lancaster, Fustian Manufacturer, and Peers Naylor, of Haydock, in the said County, Yeoman, Two of the Electors of the Borough of Newton, in the said County, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

1 And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said ScleCl Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted EleClions.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way, and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, defer -ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole red-House, to consider further of the Supjtly granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.,

Sabbatiy 2° die Decembris;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1797.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of Roy 1 Assent the Black Rod: to BllU-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the'Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire

of

MiddJezoy I>ivision, &c. Bill, committed.

Southwark Roarls and Streets Petition.

38 Geo. III. 1 — 4 0 De 135

of the Lords authorized by virtue of His. Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afl'ent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales His Royal Highness the Duke of r, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy; videlicet, on the Sixth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience:

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the One Chapter Thirty-two on the Tenth Day of March, and the other Chapter Sixty-one on the Twenty-fifth Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the' Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House. adjourned till Morn-

ing, Ten of the Clock.

Dunce, 40 die Decembris;

Anno 38® Georgii IIIm Regis, 1797. Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. j'on, Mr. Gore Langton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to carry into Execution Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and ,the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark ,to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the fame, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and upon the Credit thereof have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Vol. 53.

Tolls collected, have been expended in making the said Road, and keeping the fame, and the several other Roads mentioned in the said Acts, in Repair and that it wilL be of Benefit to the said Roads, and of considerable Advantage and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if a commodious Street or Carriage Road was let out and made from Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, through Three Oak Lane, and along Dockhead, to join the Turnpike Road at or near Lilliput Halt Bridge, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for that Purpose it will be necessary to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening and making a new Street or "Road from Freeschool Street, aforesaid, and for enlarging the Term granted by the said before-mentioned Acts, and making the same more effectual, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Russell,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Ciock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and others, residing in or near the Cities of London and the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesexand Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the great Increase of the Trade and Commerce of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, the present Legal Quays and Wharfs on the River Thames, and those used by Sufferance as Wharfs and Quays, are found inadequate to the Accommodation of the Shipping, which has been in a State of Increase during the last Hundred Years, and to the Purposes of landing and shipping of Goods and Merchandizes, and, from the crowded State of the River, the Navigation is much impeded, and many ln-conveniencies, Delays, and Accidents, as well as Losses and Damages, are occasioned to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London; and that, by Reason of the increased Navigation of the said River great Damages and Delays are sustained by the Owners of, and Persons interested in Ships and Vessels retorting to the said Port of London; and that the said several Grievances might be removed, if good and sufficient Wet Docks or Basons, and Cuts, with proper Outlets, and other necessary Works, were made, in convenient Situations near the said River, for the Reception and Discharge of Vessels, which would give Protection and Dispatch to Shipping, Accommodation to Commerce, and Security to the Revenue; and that, for carrying into Effect the Purposes aforesaid, it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands, Buildings, and Premisses, which cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have caused Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, to be made of the several Works necessary to be done for providing Docks, Basons, and Cuts, and other Accommodations, as aforesaid, and have raised a Subscription for carrying the same into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the said Purposes, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

London Docks, frc. Petition.

Hctherfett In cloiure Bill, reported.

Bill to coit- tinue of lait Sdlion relating to the Exportation of Com, &c« presented.

Account of Alfelfed Taxes, ordered.

Bill to amend Act for preventing Expence at Elections, deferred.

Account of AlieHed Taxes, presented.

l $6 40 Deccmbris. A. 1797.

And it is referred to Air. Manning, Sir Young, And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Comrtiittee to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk, was committed That the Committee

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 372. 4 s.whorefufed to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £.337 4 s. 6 d.who were neuter} and that the Whole of the

Lands intended to be inclol'ed, are of the Annual Value ofj£. 2,535. is.}amj that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of certain Sorts of Corn, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provision: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the expected Amount of the Assessed Taxes for the Year 1797, ending the 5th of April 1798, as far as the same can now be estimated.

'The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh YeaT of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and " Expence in Elections of Members tojerve in Parliarrient

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Hunter, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the expected Amount of the Assessed Taxes for the Year 1797, ending the 3th of April 1798, as far as the same can be estimated.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for Mr. Speaker to report to the House, the Names of the Members portofDe-' who did not appear upon Friday last, when their Nat lies feulters were called, on the Appointment of the Seled Com- J *

mittee, for Trial of the Petition of Peter Patten, of Bank, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Henry Worsley, of Go/borne, in the County of Lancaster, Fustian Manufacturer, and Peer.r

Naylor, of Haydock, in the said County, Yeoman, Two of the Eledors of the Borough of Newton, in the said County, fevefally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly -r Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Assessed Taxes for One Year ending the 5th April 1797 estimating the Charge on each Article for Four Quarters, and deducting therefrom the Charges of Management, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Persons who pay Aflelled Taxes, distinguishing the same into Classes, according to the Amount, from Six Soil-lings to Four hundred Pounds, and upwards, Annually, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Total Amount of the Duties on Windows and Inhabited Houses, imposed by Acts of Sixth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-fourth of Geo. III. for One Year, ending 5th April 1797; distinguishing the Amount in each County, and in the Cities of London and Westmittfter, and Borough of South-zvark, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Persons who pay the Duties on Windows and Inhabited Houses, imposed by Acts of the Sixth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-fourth Geo. III.; distinguishing the same into Classes, according to the Amount, from Three Shillings to One hundred Pounds, and upwards, as far as the same can be made up, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the same resolved itftlf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committer of Ways and Means.

Accounts referred. Amount of Alldred Taxes.

Number of

Pj runs paying Dv-

Amount of Duties on Windows and Houses.

Number of IVrions paying D°.

"The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Scotch Distfl-last Session of Parliament, intituh'cl, " An Act for uly AA tD " granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distil- be confidexei. " lerics, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, herein particularly described, for a limited " Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The

38 Geo. III.

4 — 5

Deccmbris.

137

Committee on Neutral Ships and Cape ot Good Hope Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered r>---- r -- tJ--r- j-'~~ D:n — the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Supply,

deferred.

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Acts, relating to the Ad million of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The 'Cape of Good Hope.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through th Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 23d Day of November lad, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon day next, to consider of the several Reports which, in the lad Seffiori of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and date the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Intered and Charges attending the fame, as they dood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each

Configuration

cf Reports from the deleft Committee on Finnnco of Hft Selhonj deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday of the Four Years preceding the 5th of 1797,

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of the Permanent Taxes which exided previous to the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several

to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 5 0 die

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

PifCchfl

(worn.

Warwick Debtors Petition.

Hetherfett Inclosure Bill, passed.

Taxes provided lor defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and date the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outdanding on the jth of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or edimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and who were indrudted to date an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the'5th of July 1786; of the

U GUST US Frederick Piefchel took the Oaths ap- Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto;

pointed, in order to his Naturalization. and of the further Progress which may be expected to

be made, as far as the same can at present be afeer-A Petition of several Debtors in the Gaol of the tained, in the Reduction of the Debt now exiding; and County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and who were also indrudted to examine and consider what read; Complaining of their Didress, and praying Relief. Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure,

Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of He-

and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can bo.

therfett, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, Time. ....

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hetherfett, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Piefcher Nat. Bill, committed.

Neutral Ships and Cape ot' Got>d Hope Biii, reported.

A Bill for naturalizing Augustus Frederick Piefchel was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Acts, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he Yol. 53.

or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon AJonday Seven-night, the 18th Day of this Indant December, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, so consider of the said Reports.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person affbffed to any of the Duties now payable on Male Servants, on Carriages, or on Horses, either separately, or together with any other Duties now placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall bt qharged Annually, during a Term to be limited, with jut additional Rate

N n of

Report Ways and Means.

A He (Ted Taxes-

Ah I Veil T-zcj.

i>°.

i38

50 Decembris.

A. 1797.

or Duty, in proportion to the Amount of the Duties (except the Land Tax) to which such Person is act'elsed, according to the last Yearly Assessment or Assessments made in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now in Force prior to the 5th Day of April 1798, and the Proportion thereof shall be as follow's; that is to say, where the Amount of the said Duties now payable shall not exceed Thirty Pounds, a Duty equal to Three Times the Amount thereof: Where the Amount of the said Duties now payable shall exceed Thirty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, a Duty equal to Three Times the Amount and One Half the Amount thereof: And, where the Amount of the said Duties now payable shall exceed Fifty Pounds, a Duty equal to Four Times the Amount thereof: And that, where any Person shall be so charged by any such Assessment made for a less Term than d Year, the additional Rate or Duty shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Assessment, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as would be payable thereon if the same were made for a whole Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-jftty, every Person adclfetl to any of the Rates or Duties now payable, and placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, such Person not being alfclfed to any of the Duties on Male Servants, Carriages, or Horses, shall be charged Annually, during a Term to be limited, with an additional Rate or Duty, in proportion to the Amount of the Duties (except the Land Tax) to which such Person is assessed, according to the last Yearly Assessment or Assessments made prior to the 5th Day of April 1798, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now in Force, and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows; videlicet: Where the Amount of the said Duties' shall be under One Pound, a Duty equal to One Half the Amount thereof: Where the Amount of the said Duties shall amount to One Pound, and shall be under Two Pounds, a Duty equal to the Amount thereof: Where the Amount of the said Duties shall amount to Two Pounds, and shall be under Three Pounds, a Duty equal to Twice the Amount thereof: And, where the Amount of the said Duties shall amount to Three Pounds or upwards, a Duty equal to Three Times the Amount thereof: And that, where any Peri-son shall be so charged by every such Assessment, made for a less Term than a Year, the additional Rate or Duty shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Assessment, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as would become payable thereon if the same were made for a whole Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, charged to the additional Rate or Duty to be irrfposed towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, shall, upon proving to the Satisfaction of Commissioners, to be appointed for that Purpose, that the Amount of his or her Annual Income, after deducting the Amount of the Duties contained in the last Assessment of the Duties now payable, is less than the Sum of Sixty Pounds, be exempted from the said additional Duty, and in all Cases where such Annual Income amounts to Sixty Pounds, or more, such Person shall be entitled to such an Abatement of the additional Duty to be granted as may be necessary to reduce the fame, in each same respectively, in the Proportions herein after Rated; that is to say: Where the said Annual Income shall appear to be not less than

£.60, but under £.65, to a Sum not exceeding One One Hundred and Twentieth Part of the fame.

£.65, but under £.70, to a Sum not exceeding One Ninety-fifth Part of the fame.

£.70, but under £.7.5, to a Sum not exceeding One Seventieth Pajj£of the fame.

£.75, but undcfl .8o, to a Sum not exceeding One

Sixty-fifth Part of the fame.

£. 80, but under £.85, to a Sum not exceeding One > Sixtieth Part of the fame.

£.85, but under £.90, to a Sum not exceeding One Fifty-fifth Part of the fame. jf.90, but under £-95, to a Sum not exceeding One Fiftieth Part of the fame.

£.95, but under £. 100, to a Sum not exceeding One Forty-fifth Part of the fame.

£.100,but under £. 105, to a Sum not exceeding One Fortieth Part of the fame.

£. 105, but under f no, to a Sum not exceeding One Thirty-eighth Part of the fame.

£.no, but under £.114;, to a Sum not exceeding One Thirty-sixth Part of the fame.

£.115, but under £.120, to a Sum not exceeding One Thirty-fourth Part of the fame.

£. 120, but under £.125, to a Sum not exceeding One Thirty-second Part of the fame.

£. 125, but under £.130, to a Sum not exceeding One Thirtieth Part of the fame.

£. 130, but under £. 135, to a Sum not exceeding

One Twenty-eighth Part of the lame.

£. 135, but under £.140, to a Sum not exceeding One Twenty-sixth Part of the fame.

£. 140, but under £. 145, to a Sum not exceeding

One Twenty-fourth Part of the fame.

£.145, but under £.150, to a Sum not exceeding One Twenty-second Part of the fame.

£. 150, but under £. 155, to a Sum not exceeding

One Twentieth Part of the fame.

£. 155, but under £. 160, to a Sum not exceeding

One Nineteenth Part of the fame.

£. 160, but under £. 165, to a Sum not exceeding

One Eighteenth Part of the fame.

£. 163, but under £. 170, to a Sum not exceeding

One Seventeenth Part of the fame.

£.170, but under £.175, to a Sum not exceeding One Sixteenth Part of the fame.

£.175, but under £.180, to a Sum not exceeding One Fifteenth Part of the fame.

£.180, but under £.185, to a Sum not exceeding One Fourteenth Part of the fame.

£.185, but under £.190, to a Sum not exceeding One Thirteenth Part of the fame.

£. 190, but under £.193, to a Sum not exceeding One Twelfth Part of the fame.

£.195, but under £.200, to a Sum not exceeding One Eleventh Part of the fame.

£.200, and upwards, to a Sum not exceeding One Tenth Part of the fame.

And where the said Annual Income shall appear to be not less than Two Hundred Pounds, every such Person shall be entitled to such an Abatement of the additional Duty now granted, as may be necessary to reduce the lame, in each same respectively, to a Sum not exceeding One Tenth Part of the said Income.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, AOfTcJ That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person who shall, by any Assessment to be made after the 5th Day of April 1708, be alfclfed in respect of the Duties now payable to a greater Amount than the Amount contained in the prior Assessment, shall be charged with a further additional Rate or Duty, in proportion to such latter Assessment, from the Commencement of the Year in which such latter Assessment shall be made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D», '

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person, not alfelfed within the Year ending on the 5th Day of April 1798, to any of the Duties now payable, and who shall be alfefi'cd to any of the said Duties in any subsequent Year, shall be charged with the like additional Rate or Duty on the Amount of such Assessment, from the Commencement of the Year in which such Assessment shall be made, and fub- je&

38 Gecx III 50 — 6° Dec 139

Assessed

Taxes,

t

Bill to continue Act of lait Session relating to the Exportation of Com, kc. committed.

Committee on Scotch Dil-tillery additional Duty Ai5t.

jedl to the like Abatement as if such Person had been assessed to the said Duties within the Year ending on the 5th Day of April 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person, whose last Assessment shall be increased by any Surcharge to be allowed, shall be charged, in respect of such increal'ed Assessment, in the like Proportion as if such Surcharge had formed a Part of the original Assessment.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, 1'hat a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. DouglasMr. Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Coiporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, lo much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of certain Sorts of Corn, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provision, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

1 The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve'itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several " Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, herein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating " the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts " in Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr! Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a ltesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mercuriiy 6° die Decembris;

Anno 38° Prayers.

Georgii

III 11 Regis, 1 7 9 7i

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Piefcliel'sNat.

whom the Bill for naturalizing Frede- Bill, reported *

rick Piejchel, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr The Lords

Pepvs: have agreed t»

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords hav agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts [24 Geo. II ] 22 May /751, and [16 Geo. 111.] 13 May 1776, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from to

Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York; with some Amendments to the Title of the said Bill; to w'hich Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengqrs withdrew *

Tadcaster and Hal ton Dyal Road Bill, with Amendments.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ventfmr Ex- Reading of the Bill, to explain and amend jn Act, made pence at Kite- in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King the

minedCOm" Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and " Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant December, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Indemnity Resolved, Thai this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Bill, d,tened. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted VoL- 53-

An ingossed Bill to continue several Acts, relating neutral Slims to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in and Cape of Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for iufp!atoj! that Purpose; and to the authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six W eeks after the Commencement of the next Session , of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five;and also, an Act, passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the Twenty-second Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and also, another Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Fourteenth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-lix relating to the Ad-

miflioq

Account of Additions to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, See. to be printed.

Committee on

Indemnity

Bill.

House acquainted that the Kin will go to St. haul's on the Thankf-giving Day.

Ref lution thereupon.

140 & Decembris. . 1797.

million of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament, holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one, , on the Twenty-

eighth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act, 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13, as required by the 72d Seftion of the said Act; and also of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended the 10th Day of October 1797, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Tijne to such Persons as have omitted to make and file A idavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mf. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ‘

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty has appointed Tuesday, the 19th Day of this Instant December, to be observed as a Day of Public Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for the many signal and important Victories obtained by His Majesty's Navy in the Course of the present War: And, for the greater Solemnity of that Day, His Majesty will go to Saint Paul's Church, as Has been accustomed in former Times in this Kingdom, to return Thanks to Almighty God for the fame; and that His Majesty hath been plealed to give the necessary Orders for providing convenient Places in the said Cathedral for the Members of this House.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to His Majesty for His Majesty's gracious Favour in communicating to this House His Intention of going to Saint Paul's Church upon the Day of Thanks.

giving appointed by His Majesty; and for having been pleased to give Orders for providing convenient Places in the said Cathedral for the Members of this House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will attend, as an House, in Saint Paul's Church, upon the Day appointed for a

Public Thanksgiving.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Manner of this House going to Saint Paul's Church on Tuesday, the 19th Day of this Instant December, and of such Regulations as may be necessary to be observed for the Preservation of Order upon that Occasion:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Steele, Mr. John Eliot, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Hobart, Sir Richard Carr Glynn, Sir Charles Bunbury: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before tin's House, a List of the Names of Persons paying Assessed Taxes to the Amount of £. 90, and upwards, Annually; distinguishing them into the following Clalfes, according to their Amount, videlicet, £.9o, and under £.100; £. 100, and under £. 150; £. 150, and under £. 200; £. 200,

and under £.250; £. 250, and under £. 300; £. 300,

and under £. 350; £. 350, and under £. 400; £. 400,

and upwards.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, was committed, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilkries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, herein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective " Districts in Scotland," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the 1 louse; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Duties imposed by, and the Powers contained in, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, which weie to continue in Force until One Month after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, should be revived and continued.

The.

House to at tend at oL. Paul's.

Committee

appointed to consider of the Manner of going the re.

Li/l of Person *

paying

ami upward *

Aiiclied

Taxes,

ordered.

Bill to continue Scotch Diliillery additional Duty Act, pe-coui-mitied.

Report on

Scotch Dil-tillery additional Duty Act.

v,

fcommittee on Bill to continue Act of last Session relating to the Exportation of Com, k.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Account of Expenditure of Money by the Board of Agriculture, ordered.

Fiefchers Nat. Bill, passed.

Jjuicaster J>ebtors Petition.

Account of $alary, &c. of the MarquU of Buckingham, ordered.

38 Geo. III. 6° — 70 D 141

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, -upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, the said A ft, is re-committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Exportation, and carrying Coast-wife, of certain Sorts of Corn, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provision, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expenditure of the several Sums of Money which have been granted by Parliament for the Support of the Board of Agriculture since the Institu-tion thereof.

1 .

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. i;i

Jovisy 70 die Decembris;

Anno 38 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Frederick Piefchel, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Augufus Frederick Piefchel.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Castle of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

of His Majesty's Exchequer by the Marquis of Buckingham, for the Years 1794, 1795, and 1796, together with an Account of all Deductions paid out of "the fame, and the Names of the Persons to whom such , Payments were made.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to amend Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable Constoccrtain " his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Num- officer, in " ber of Foreign Protestants, who have served Abroad ordered " as Officers or Engineers, to ad and rank as Officers or " Engineers, in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas and Mr. HuJkiJJ'on do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to amend last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise j££tch ?111 j " and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the King- ®r ere " dom of Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to give further Time for executing, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas and Mr. Htijkijjon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill to con-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, kting tovhe" pasted in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the B portation Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of certain Sorts reported. 6' of Corn, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provision, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed 'him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the AflHTedTaxe House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His additional Majesty certain additional Duties on the' Amount of 'pr certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next j

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving but the Word " Monday," and . inferring the Word " Thursday" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Monday" Hand part of the Question; ,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. SV't, j j8,.

Tellers for the Noes, {$J|; j J.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put »

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Orders of "the Day being read;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Indemnity Account of the Salary, Allowances, Fees, and Gratui- the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Bill. deferrri. ties, received in the Office of the Tellers of the Receipt Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices V01..53. __ Oo and

4

142 y° — 8° D 1797.

and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and forgiving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lod or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Adrpiffions duly damped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who Wave neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to con- ReJ'o/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, dm-juaPouty to consider further of the Bill to continue, for a Time Ait, deferred, to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the Several Parts of the Highlands cf Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.

t

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Land Tax Ordered, That Leave be given tp bring in a Bill for

Names Bdinm re( ify‘ng Midakes in the Names of Several of the Com-xwcWred. missioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the fameSeffien, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty, by a Land T.;x to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of ti.e Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninny-Seven," and for appointing other Commiinoners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying Such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-Seven: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor within the said Parish, and for building a Work-house, and purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Pari lb; and that another Act was passed, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to explain and amend the said recited Act; and that, no Power being given by the said Acts to recover, from the Landlords or Owners of Houses let at a leis Rent than £. to per Annum, the.

Parochial Tax to the Poor for the fame, considerable Sums of Money have been, from Time to Time, lod by the Parish, the Tenants or Occupiers being frequently very poor, so that no Sufficient Didress can be made; and that the said Acts have also, in other lle-spedts, been found defective, and require other Alterations and Amendments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter, expl :in, and amend, the said Acts, and grant further Powers for carrying the same into Efl'edt, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall Seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. MaMr. Byfig, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Several Persons, whose Names are Long Stowe thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Invlo<ure Pe~ read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish tlUon‘ of Long Stowe, in the County of Cambridge, several old Inclosures, Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are capable of very little Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested therein, and also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall Seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Charles Tor he and Air. Perceva do prepare, and

brinj in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Andover the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for WrJt the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Benjamin Lethieiillier,

Esquire, deceased.

Venerisy 8° Decembris,

Anno 38° Georgii. IIP11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

T'yefer A PETITION of Prisoners confined for Debt in

t?t'ion°rt i . the Prison near Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the . Table.

st. Leonard's A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Voo PeUtion. Parishioners, of the Parish of Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the Rest of the Housekeepers of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed

Mr. Parker Coke presented to the House, according Bintorrgu-to Order, a Bill to regulate the Trial of Caules, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arile within pieieuiedi the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, pursuant to Account of

their Order, Expenditure

An Account of the Expenditure of the several Sums the Board of of Money which have been granted by Parliament for Agriculture, the Support of the Board of Agriculture, since the In- Preienud-llitution thereof, so far as the said Grants have been received by the Board.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

6 An

38 Geo. III.

8° Decembris.

143

An ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the several Sums of Money which have been granted by Parliament for the Support of the Board of Agriculture, since the Institution thereof, so far as the said Cj rants have been received by the Board.

An ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1793.

CHARGE:

By Cash received per King's Warrant, in consequence of a Vote from the House of Commons ——

DISCHARGE:

By Fees for the Letters Patent constituting the Board-of Agriculture - -

By Exchequer Fees on Receipt of the Grant of Money ——

By Payments in Part of Surveys of Counties -

By Incidental Charges ——

Bv Official Furniture -

J

By Payment-of Stationary, in Part -

By Salaries to the Officers of the Board for £ Year, at the Rate of, -

For the Secretary - - - - £.4001

the Under Secretary - - - 200 ( .

the Fir Clerk - - - - ,5o\ Am'

the Second Clerk - - - - 80)

By Payments in Part for printing the Surveys and other Papers circulated by the Board, and of the Engravings accompanying the same - - - .

Memorandum:

A Copy of the above Account was laid before the House in April 1794.

£. d.

3,000 ——

712 I —

140 2 2

866 12 IO

56 3 I I

4i l8 —

7 I 2

4i5 — —

751 — I I

3,000 ——

An ACCOUNT t>f the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1793/4.

CHARGE:

By Calli per King's Warrant, in consequence of a Vote from the House of Commons

DISCHARGE:

By Exchequer Fees on Receipt of the Grapt of Money. ——

By Payments in Part of Surveys of Counties - .

By Payments in Part for printing the Surveys and other Papers circulated by the Board, and of the Engravings accompanying the same ——

By Salaries to the Officers of the Board for a Year, at the Rate of.

For the Secretary - - .400

the Undersecretary ----- - 200 ( , .

the First Clerk - ... ... - Ijof t" Am'

the Second Clerk ----- - 80J

By Incidental Charges - - -x -

By Official Furniture - - - - . -

By German Translat ions ——

' ' £

Memorandum; ,

A Copy of the above Account was laid before the House in January 1795.

Vol. 53.

£ -f- d.

3,000 ——

178 5 6

,870 2 --

1,407 11 6

415 ——

90 12 — 29 ——

9 9 —

3,000 ——

An

1

144

8® Decembris. A. 1797.

An ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1794/5.

CHARGE:

By Caih far King's Warrant, in coafequeace of a Vote from the House of Commons

l

DISCHARGE:

By Exchequer Fees on Receipt of the Grant of Money -

By Payments for Surveys of Counties ——

By Incidental Charges ——

By Official Furniture - -

By Salaries to the Officers of the Board for One Year, at the Bate of.

For the Secretary - £.4001

r f"L,'UlT ----- - Am.

the Fuft Clerk - - - 501 1

the Second Clerk ----- - So'

By Payments in Part for printing the Surveys and other Papers circulated by the Board, and of the Engravings accompanying the same ....

By Stationary ——

By Advertisements ——

Memorandum: ,

A Copy of the above Account was laid before the House in February 1796

£ s, d.

9

3,000 ——

59 3 6

434 8 8

108 11 —

48 X 6

830 N — —

1,252 10 1

89 12 11

77 12 4

3,000 — —

An ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1795/6.

CHARGE:

By Calli received far King's Warrant, in consequence of a Vote from the House of Commons

DISCHARGE:

By Exchequer Fees on Receipt of the Grant of Money -

By Payments for Surveys of Counties -

By Incidental Charges - - - -

By Official Furniture -

By 18 Months Salaries to the Officers of the Board, ending the 4th March 1797, at the Rate of.

For the Secretary ----- -- £.400 V

the Under Secretary ----- 200 I.

the First Clerk -.....i jo f

the Second Clerk - - - 80 J

By Extra Allowance to the First Clerk -

By Payments in Part for printing the Surveys and other Papers circulated by the Board, and of the Engravings accompanying the same - -

By Stationary - -

By Expences on the Corrected Reports ——

By - D° - on the General Report -

By - D - on Experiments on Mixtures of Bread - -

By - D - attending Experiments on Manures , -

c

£. s. d.

3,000 ——

84 6 —

30 ——

117 10 — 21 2 4

1,245 ——

21 ——

1,206 — 6

5° 5 5

56 3 ~ 112 — 6

24 10 3

31 12 —

3,000 ——

Jthn Sinclair, President.

Ordered,

38 Geo. III.

8° Decembris.

145

Bill to amend Scotch Militia Act, presented.

AssessedTaxes additional Duty Bill, deferred.

The Lords have agreed to

Southampton Church Bill.

Bill to amend Act for granting Commit-lions to certain Officers in Ameriofc, prei'ented.

Committee of Ways and Kieapj.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hufkiffonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to give further Time for executing, and for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise " and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the " Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland And the same was received; and tead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered ', That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday Morning next, the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

:Pefys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend Two Acis, made in the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down, and re-building, the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton , without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hufkiffon presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable his Majesty " to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign " Protestants, who have l'erved Abroad as Officers or " Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers, " in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolutionj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Report on

Bill to continue Act relating to the Exportation of Com, &c. further considered.

and carrying Coastwise, of certain Sorts of Corn, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provisioxi, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said: Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, specifying in what Cafes Corn may be imported without Payment of Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to'His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries, in the respective Districts in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ''

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-_ ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

_ 1

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose AdmissionS have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, of, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing -further Time for that Purpose, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Exportation, Vol. 53.

ing next. Ten of the Clock.

PP

Luite,

Committee on re-committed Bill to continue Scotch Distillery additional Duty A&.

Supply,

deferred.

Indemnity Bill, deferred.

v

Southwark Roads and Streets Petition, reported.

King's Bench Debtors Petition.

Chatteris Ferry Roads Petition.

\\6

i i° Decembrii.

A.

797;

Luna, 11° die Decembris;

Annb 38 Georgii III. H Regis. 17 97.

t

Prayers.

SIR John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to carry into Execution Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road From New Street, ill the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the fame, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliVered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was readand is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act.s Were read -. And,

John Hosier, Esquire, Treasurer to the said Trustees,

being examined} said, That they have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and upon the Credit thereof. have bbrrowed a cohsiderable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been expended in making the said Road, and keeping the fame, and the several other Roads mentioned in the said Acts, in Repair.

And the Witness furthet said. That it would be of fcorisiderable Benefit and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility if a commodious Carriage Road or Street was set out and made from Freeschool Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, through Three Oak Lane and across to join

the Turnpike Road at or near Hall Bridge, in

the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey; and for that Purpose it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands, Buildings, and Premifies: And it is proposed, that' some Alterations and Amendments mould be made to the aforesaid Acts, and the Term thereby granted, be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for1 making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Lilliput Hall Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Roa,d from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for repairing the same and other Roads adjoining: And that Sir John Frederick and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the King's Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into Execution Two Acts, made in the First and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and also One other Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and " for giving further Powers for repairing the Road from

" Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's and Somersham " Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road " from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint u Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said " Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needing worth" to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due and owing, and the said Roads cannot be kept in good and sufficient Repair, and the Debts contracted on Account thereof be discharged, unless the Term, granted by the said, recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be further continued, and some additional Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall ' seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Fellowes, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to amend Reading of the Bill to give further Time for executing, and for enlarging, the Powers of an Act, made in the tec[.' comnu last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise " and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the " Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland," be now read. . '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to a Committee of the-whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to amend Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the r- *

Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty lions to cer-King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable " his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Num- committed?'

" ber of Foreign Protestants, who have served Abroad " as Officers or Engineers, to ad and rank as Officers " or Engineers, \iri America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. N

Mr. Pole Carew, from the Scled Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Peter Patten, of Bank, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Henry JVorfley, of Golborne, in the County of Lancaster, Fustian Manufacturer, and Naylor, of Hay

in the said County, Yeoman, Two of the Electors of the Borough of Newton, in the said County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, That the Merits of the said several Petitions did in Part depend

Newton Flection, determined.

38 Geo. III. 110 Decembris,

r47

pen«J upon the Right of Election; and that thereupon the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties, to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended:

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said several Petitioners delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" That the Right of Election for the Borough of " Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is exclusively vested in the Freemen or Burgefl'es of the " said Borough; that is to say, in any Person seised " of an Estate of Freehold, in any House, Building, " or Lands, within the Borough, of the Value of " Forty Shillings a Year and upwards; and, in case of " Joint-Tenants, or Tenants in Common, no more " than One Person has a Right to vote for One and " the same House or Tenement."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Thomas Langford Brooke, Esquire, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" That the Right of voting for Members to serve in " Parliament for the Borough of Newton, in the County " of Lancaster, js in Persons having an Estate of Freehold, or for a Term, or Residue of a Term, of 99 " Years or upwards, determinable on One or more Life " or Lives, in any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, " within the Borough of Newton ;"

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Newton:

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Nezvton:

That the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of Election for the said Borough of Nezvton, have determined,

That the Right of Election for the Borough of ton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is exclusively vested in the Freemen or Burgefl'es of the said Borough, that is to say, in any Person leifed of a corporeal Estate of Freehold in any House, Building, or Lands, within the Borough, of the Value of Forty Shillings a Year and upwards; and, in case of Joint-Tenants, or Tenants in Common, that nb more than One Person has a Right to vote for One and the same House or Tenement:

That the said Select Committee have also determined.

That 'Thomas Langford Brooke, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newton, in the County Palatine of cafer:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Peter Patten, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newton:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the -said Peter Patten, Esquire, is duly elected

a Burgess to serve in fhis present Parliament for the said Borough of Newton:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Peter Patten, of Bank, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious: v

Vol. 53.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined, 1

That the Petition of the said Henry of Gol-

borne, in the County of Lancaster, Fustian Manufacturer, and Peers Naylor, of Haydock, in the said.County, Yeoman, Two of the Electors of the Borough of Nezvton, in the said County, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious: ,

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Thomas Langford,

Brooke, Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious. *

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do Nekton Re. attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last tumtobe Return for the Borough of Newton, in the County Pa- amended-latine of Lancaster, and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of Thomas Langford Brooke, Esquire, and inferring the Name of Peter Patten, Esquire, inllead thereof.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Account of count of the Expenditure of the several Sums of Mo- ®oard of ncy which have been granted by Parliament for the tob priiaed. Support of the Board of Agriculture, since the Institu-tion thereof, so far as the said Grants have been received by the Board, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the JJfe of the Members of t he House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to con-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a [ n|e£ lof Time to be limited, so much of an Act, passed in the reiating to the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Exportation, Exportation and carrying Coastwish, of certain Sorts of Corn, and to ejrn' &c‘ the Importation of several Articles of Prqvision, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 3. 1.8. To leave out " Provided always."

/ And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seven, videlicet, on the Eleventh of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-flx, as relates to the Ex- ' portation, and carrying Coastwise, of Wheat and Ry?, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provision.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords,- and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Charles Drummond, Esquire, Thomas Medstead a&4 Coulthard, Esquire, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of petition? the Open and Common Fields lying or being within, or appertaining to, the several Parishes of Medjlead and Bentworth, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within or belonging to the said several Parishes, certain Open and Common Fields, containing, by Estimation, about 380 Acres, which, in their present State, are of little Value, but, if divided, allotted, and inclosed, would be capable of great Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, under such Regulations as to the Jioqfe shall seem meet.

6 Ordered,

A

Re-committed Bill to continue Scotch Diilil-lery.additional Duty A&, reported.

Report Way and Means.

Exchequer Bills.

Bill to regulate the 'Trial of Causes, &c. committed.

Indemnity Bill, reported.

148 11° — 12° — -13

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart, Sir William Heatkand Mr. Chute, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in was

re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee- had directed him to report to the House > which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills,

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution': And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John 'Thomas Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr. Long, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, was, according to Order,' read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon , the

13th Day of February next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and, for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy

Decembris. \ 1797.

Lieutenants and Officers in the Militia, who have neg-lested to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had. made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the" Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martts, 120 d Decembris;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members w$re not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. '

Mercuriiy 130 die Decembris;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

AMOTION was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Gloucester, in the room of William Dowdeswell, Esquire, who, fence his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Bahama Blands;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 28th Day of November last, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Special Return made to the last Writ which was issued for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tezvkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, might be read.

And

Way and Means, deferred.

Supply,

deterred.

House adjourned.

Tewkesbury

Writ.

Newton Return amended.

Proceedings on East India Judicature Act.

Harfton Inclol'ure Petition.

Fiftierton, Oxford, and Maidstone Debtors Petitions.

King's An-lwer to Kefo-lution of Thanks.

38 Geo. III. 13 9 Decembris. 149

And the same being read accordingly; giving appointed by His Majesty; and for having been

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to pleased to give Orders for providing convenient Places the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for in the said Cathedral for the Members of this House) the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Ma-liament for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County jesty received the same most graciously. of Gloucester, in the room of William Dowdeswell, Ef- .

quire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, A Petition of the Right honourable Lewis Thomas Wilbarfton hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Bahama Lord , Lord of the Manor of , in the titionGPe *

lllands. County of Northampton, Impropriator of the Impropri-

ate Rectory, and Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do ' Church of Wilbarfton aforesaid, and also a Proprietor of attend this House immediately, with the last Return. Land in the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea-for the Borough of Newton, in the County Palatine of dows. Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Lane after, and amend the fame, by rating out the Name Waste Grounds, in Wilbarfton aforesaid, and the humble of Thomas Langford Brooke, Esquire, and inserting the Petition of the Reverend Henry Knapp, Clerk, Vicar of Name of Peter Patten, Esquire, instead thereof. the said Vicarage and Parish Church, Sir John Palmer,

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Baronet, Maria Alicia Adams, Hamlyn Harris, Bryan cording to Order, amended the said Return accord- Ward, and William Nichols, Proprietors also of Land in ingly. ' the said Open and Common Fields, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Clerk of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are.

Names of all the Members of the House, who had de- in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable livered in Lifts in pursuance of the Directions of an. Improvement, but, if the same were divided and in-Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of closed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the interested, according to their Interests therein, it would '

Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed be a great Benefit to them: And therefore praying, in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein men- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divid-tioned. ing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields,

under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem pro-A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are per. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parishes pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that of Harfton and Hauxton, in the County of Cambridge, Mr. Dickins and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, in, the fame.

Lammas Grounds, and other Open and Commonable v

Lands and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom Middlezoy are capable of very little Improvement; and that there the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Com- Allotment1 1 are, within the said Parishes, and in the Parishes of monable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and im- Bill, reported Little Shelford and Newton, in the said County, or some proving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands or one of them, certain Open and Common Fields, within the Parish of Middlezoy, in the County of Somerset,

Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable wascommitted; That the Committee had examined, and Lands and Waste Grounds, over which the Commoners found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative of the said Parishes, or other Persons, exercise a mixed to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that Right of Common, which, in their present State, are the Committee had examined the Allegations of the capable of very little Improvement, but, if the same Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the were allotted, divided, and inclosed, it would be of great Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

Advantage to the Petitioners and the other Persons in- to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Pro-terested therein, and also of Public Utility: And there- prietors of Common Rights and 20 Acres of Corn-fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a monable Arable Lands, who refused to sign the Bill;

Bill for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the said Lands and also, except the Proprietor of 1 Common Right and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Restric- and 11 Acres of Commonable Arable Land, who could tions, as to the House shall seem meet. not be met with ;, and that there are in the whole 98

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Common Rights, and 495 Acres of Commonable Arable pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared Mr. Charles Torke and Mr. Townfield do prepare, and before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that bring in, the fame. the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Gaol of Fiftierton: And also, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the thereunder written, being Debtors confined in the Gaol Amendments were Once read throughout; and then of the County of Oxford: And also, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Gaol of Maidstone, in the County of Kent -, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Were severally presented to the House, and read; ingrossed.

' Complaining ' of their Distress, and praying Relief. ' The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Aa for regu-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for re- ftlppfng of to lie upon the Table. " gulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in Bri- Slaves to be

" tish Vessels from, the Coast of ," might be conCdered' Lord Viscount Stopford acquainted the-House, that read., their Resolution of Wednesday last (returning the Thanks And the same being read accordingly; of this House to His Majesty for His gracious Favour Refolded, That this House will, To-morfow Morn-in communicating to this House His Intention of go- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing to Saint Paul's Church upon the Day of Thanks- to consider of the said Act.

Vox.. 53. Q q Ordered,

Member ad-iltti to bring iu Marine Mutiny bill.

Bi I ljprc tented *

Land Tax

CommissionersN mes Bill, preibnted.

Indemnity Bill, piuied.

5°

130 Decembris.

A.

797-

Ordered, That Mr. Wallace bs added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Wallace presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty'"s Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was re-» ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax " to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the " Y ar One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyseven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in -Great Br for the Service of the

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-leven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, haw been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for thit Purpose, be now read the Third Time.

« The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted'to regiftet or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough . Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnitying Deputy Lieutenants and Oliicers of tl'.e Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until the First Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- ~ eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

r

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, Biiltocon-for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Sef- DHtiilery a -fion of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty addi- ditional Duty tional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Jc:crrcJ-Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Account of

from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was ,ic

., , . , r , tj r otthe.Uaniui *

called in; and, at the2 Bar, presented to the House, of Bucr.ing-pursuant to their Order, han»,preieme<j.

An Account of the Salary, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, received in the Office of the Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by the Marquis of Buckingham, for the Years 1794, 1795 and 1796, together with an Account of all Deductions paid out of the fame, and the Names of the Persons to whom such Payments were made.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the 1 louse.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.'

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the scotch t!hiui Bill to give further Time for executing, and for enlarg- Act. ing, the Powers of an Act, made in -the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raile and embody a " Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great , " Britain called Scotland."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in thq Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign ing Commis-of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, o°fcce°sCi? taiB " An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions America.

" to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who " have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act " and rank as Officers or Engineers, in only,

" under certain Restrictions and Qualifications."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Hobarttook the Chair of the Committee. ' N

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through' the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Exch‘;qutr House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain B:ih Hilt, Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Pr unt

9 , Service

38 Geo. III.

i 3° — 14° D

5 *

Account of Salary, See. of the Marquis of Buckingham to be printed.

Turkey Company's Petition *

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply,

deterred.

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight: And the same was received; and read the Firfh Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Salary, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, received in the Office of the Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by the Marquis of ham, for the Years 1794, 1795, and 1796, together with an Account of ail Deductions paid out of the fame, and the Names of the Persons to whom such Payments were made, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House,

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for. a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants incorporated by Charters and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on this Trade with Safety, and protect His Majesty's Subj-eds in the Dominions, it has

been found necessary that an Ambassador should be sent from England to reside at Constantinople, and that Con-fuls, and Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, should be established in other Parts of Turkey where British Subjects reside, and where English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence nvheteof has beeil borne by the Turkey Company, which; together with many other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on this Trade, have of late Years amounted to about £. 8,000 per Annum; and that the Petitioners acknowledge, with Gratitude, the several Grants they formerly received from Parliament, and although they did not apply for further Assistance lo long as they found thern-iclves in a Situation to support their Expences, they are Jenfible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not declare their present Inability to support their necessary and unavoidable Expences, un-lel's relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take these Premises into Consideration, and grant‘them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

liefolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraif-ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, 'fen of the Clock; ‘

Vol. 53.

Jovis, 140 die Decembris;

Anno 38° Georgii III1 1 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

t.

A PETITION of the there-undersigned Inhabi- Newark upon tants of" the Parish of Newark u in the cVivlitionP County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Forth, That the said Town is a large, populous, and commercial Town, lying upon the great North Road from London to Edinband that the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, within the same, are not sufficiently cleanled and lighted, and many of them not properly paved; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets and Public Passages were effectually paved and kept iii Repair, and properly cleanled and lighted; and that; certain Shambles, or Shops, were several Years ago . erected and built for the Convenience of exposing Butchers' Meat to Sale, but the same have never been occupied for that Purpose; and that it would be a' great Convenience to the said Inhabitants if such Shambles, or Shops, and other convenient Places, were used for exposing Butchers' Meat to Sale, instead of the same being iold in the Public Streets; and that sundry Estates, of very considerable Yearly Value, are now vested in the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Borough, and other Trustees, and the Rents and Profits thereof, after certain Applications and Payments made thereout, are dire died to be applied for the common Good and Weal of the said Town; and that the Surplus of the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, after the several Annual Payments wherewith the same are respectively charged are made, will be considerably more than sufficient to defray all the Expences necessary and incident to the several Purposes aforesaid, and it would be for the Benefit of the said Town if the same were so applied: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets and other Public Passages in the said Town of Newark upon and for removing the Market for Butchers' Meat into the new Shambles there, and regulating the fame, and for applying Part of the Rents and Fronts of the said Trust Estates for those Purposes, with such Powers and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Manners Sutton, Mr. Sargent, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Title of the j1 aJ

Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one h ,it,m Dy.d Years,- and from thence to the End of the then next Ruid Bill> Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and en- agree tu' larging the Pow'er., of Two several Acts [24 Geo. II.]

22 May 1751, and [16 Geo. III.] 13 May 1776, lofur as the same relate to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read) and are as followeth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill,

L. 5. Leave out " [24 Geo. II.] 22 May 1751," and infiert " in the Twenty-fourth Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty King George,

" the Second."

L. 6.

t

0

L. 6.

14° Decembris.

A.

1797'

Leave out " [ 16 Geo. III.] 13 May 1776," and insert " in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Title of the said Bill.

FerryCR«ul Mr. Fe/lowesreported from the Committee to whom Petition, re. the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ported. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into Execution Two Acts, made in the First and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and also one other Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Terms of several " Acts, and for giving further Powers for repairing the " Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's and " Som'ersham Bridge, and for amending and widening, " the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out . " of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Need-

" ingworth to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the ' Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Joseph Harris being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, of which the Sum of £.2,100 now remains due; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in good and sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and" the Powers thereof altered and enlarged

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot enlarging the Term-and Powers of Three several Acts, made in tKe First and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needing-worth, to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon: And that Mr. Fe/lowes and Mr. Elford do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to eon- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third guescotch Reading of the ingrafted Bill to continue, for a Time ditional Duty to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Act, paired. Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh,

Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two, videlicet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Dpties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Middlezoy Open and Commonable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Common- Biii° p!urld. able Arable Lands, within the Parish of in

the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 21. After " direct," to insert " Provided " always."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass s And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture,' and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Middlezoy, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinjondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over- st.Sepulchre's seers of the Poor, and of the several other Persons whose Poor Petition. Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a very great and burthensome Expence, and that the providing of a convenient House or Houses for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and granting proper Powers for their Government, Regulation, and Employment, would tend to the more effectual Relief, Afliliance, and Accommodation, of such as, by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the Employment of the In-duftricus and those who are able to work, to the Correction of the Idle and Refractory, and to the Education of the Infant Poor in Habits ol industry and Religion: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, to whom London the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are {&!&, «. thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and others, re- ported. Tiding in or near the Cities of London and the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with (except lo tar as the same are dispensed with, by the Order of the House of

the

38 Geo. Ill,

14 Decemb

53

Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great " tain called Scotland," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once

the 14th Day of July, in the last Session <5f Parliament) give further Time for executing, and for enlarging the and that the Committee had examined the Matter of ' ' '

the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Eden, Esquire, being examined, said. That he has been formerly a Seaman, and a considerable Ship Owner, but is now a Merchant; that he is well acquainted read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by with the Port of London. Being asked, Whether, from One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; the great Iricrease of the Trade and Commerce of Lon-> were agreed to by the House.

don, Westminster, and Southwark, and the Parts adja- That the Bill, with the Amendments,' be

cent, the present legal Wharfs and Quays on the River ingrossed; / - , .

Thames, and those used as legal Wharfs and Quays by Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Sufferance, have not been found inadequate to the Tomorrow'Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-Accommodation of the Shipping coming thereto, and grofled.

to the Purpose of landing and shipping Goods, Wares,

and Merchandizes thereat ? he said, They have. — Being Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

asked. Whether the Shipping lying in the Port of Lon- Reading of the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money don have not increased very considerably within the last by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the One hundred Years ? he said, They have, very confi- Year One ihoufahd Seven Hundred and Ninety-eight, derably. — Being asked. Whether many Inconveniencies, be now read;

Exchequer Bills B;1I, committed *

Delays, and Accidents, as well as Losses and Damages, have not been occasioned to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London, from the crowded State of the Hiver, and from the other Circumstances before-mentioned ? he said. Yes.- — Being asked. Whether, from the very great Increase of the Navigation of the River, many heavy Damages and Delays have not been frer questly sustained by the Owners of, and Persons inte- upon the said Bill, relied- in, Ships and Vessels resorting to the Port of London ? he said, Certainly. — Being asked, Whether, if good and sufficient Wet Docks, or Basons, and Cuts, with proper Outlets, and other necessary Works, were made in convenient Situations near the River for receiving and discharging Vessels, the said several Grievances would not be removed. Protection and Dispatch given to Shipping, Accommodation to Commerce, and Security to the Revenue ? he laid. Yes.

Mr. Daniel Alexander (One of the Inspectors of Shipping for the Underwriters at Lloyds) confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And that Mr. Manning, Sir William Toung, Mr.

Hobart, and Mr. Gaujjen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House:

Resolved, That this House will, To-mofrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Committee on Act for regulating the Shipping, of Slaves *

Bill to amend Act for granting Commis-iions to certain Officer in America, reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, " who have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to " aft and rank as Officers or Engineers, in America " only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself intd a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the ship- ping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from tt the Coast of Africabe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobarl took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion; when the House will pleafd to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And that Mr: Hobart

and Sir William Dolben do fame.

prepare, and bring in, the

A Motion was made; and the Question being put. That the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now

AssefledTaxe additional Duty Bill, Committed.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth;

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his charged by Assessment, for a Tima to be limited, be Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the now reac a eCond Time 1 Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be thefi ingrossed.

Bill to amend Scotch Militia Act, reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Vot. 53.

Tellers for the Yeas, Jf" *

(Mr. Charles Yorkt: 3

Tellers for the Noes, r , \ 50.

(Mr. Alderman $ 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time, Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

R r

154 140 Decethb 1797.

Resolved, That this House will; upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Report from Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, who were appointcdto appointed to consider of the Manner of this House consider of the going to Saint Paul's Church, on the 19th

M-eros £)ay of this Inilant , and of such Regu-

saur».°" lations as may be necessary to be observed for the Pre-

servation of Order upon that Occasion; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had agreed to report, that the following are proper Regulations to be observed on the said Occasion; and he read the Report in his Place i and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was iread; and the Regulations therein mentioned are as, followeth; viz.

First, That this House do go from the House to Saint Paul's Church, on Tuesday the 10th of this Instant December, to the Solemnity of the Public Thanks-

giving.

Secondly, That the House be going to their Places prepared for them in Saint Paul's Church, on Tuesday the 19th of this Inilant by Eight o'Clock ill

the Morning.

Thirdly, That the House be called over; and that the Speaker do go last; and that no Cartiage belonging to any Member of this House be permitted to Follow that of the Speaker.

Fourthly, That the Serjeant at Arms do order Two Messengers to precede, on Horseback, the First Carriage going from the House; That, at their Arrival at Saint Paul's. One do proceed to conduct such Carriage to the Place appointed to Wait in, and the other re-tnain to attend in like Manner the last Carriage in the Procession j and that they do take into Custody any Coachman, Footman, or other Person, who may be disorderly, or violate any Orders given him, or interrupt the Execution of any Rules made for the Accommodation Or Dignity Of this House.

Fifthly, That the Members do go to Saint Paul's in their own Coaches, with a Pair of Horses only to each Coach; that no Hackney Coaches be permitted; and that each Carriage do pass. One by One, within the Chains in Old Palace Yard; and that each Member do direct his Servants to keep the Ranks during the Procession. '

Sixthly, That no Carriage, of any Sort whatever, be permitted to stand or pass between Temple Bar and Palace Yard, front Six o'Clock in the Morning till Five in the Afternoon, except th,e Carriages of such Persons as belong to the Members of either House of Parliament, and Foreign Ministers, or to the Procession of Their Majesties and the Royal Family; and that no Member of this House do come down to the House by the Strand Eastward of Saint Martin's or by Pall Mall.

Seventhly, That the Serjeant at Arms do station One or more Messengers of the House on Horseback, who may assist in preventing any Person from violating this Order, and may take into Custody any Person falsely pretending to belong'to either House of Parliament.

Eighthly, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Justices of the Peace, the Bailiff of Westminster, and other proper Officers, to assist in the Preservation of Order, and the due Observance of these Regulations; And,

Lastly, That the Serjeant at Arms, and other Officers of the House, do attend at Saint Paul's, to conduct the Members to their Seats, to prevent any Other Persons from taking Possession of the fame; and be ordered to take into Custody any Person who may violate or obstruct these Orders.

The said Regulations being read a Second Time, were agreed to by the House.

Mr. Dudley Ryder also reported. That the Lord

Mayor of Ionian had communicated to the said Committee certain Regulations for the Arrangement of Car-: riages within the City of Lond, which the Committee approved, so far as the same related to the Carriages of the Members of this House; and the said Regulations are as follow:

REGULATIONS proposed for the Accommodation of Their Majesties and the Royal Family, the Members of both Houses of Parliament, the Foreign Ministers, the Aldermen, &c. of London, and others, passing to and returning from the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, on Tuesday the 19th Day of December 1797.

That there be Three Avenues to the Church kept, with diflSnft Outlets from each, for the Carriages to pass off, and prepare to fetum.

WEST AVENUE, for Their Majesties, the Royal Family, the Members of both Houses of Parliament, and the Foreign Ministers:

That the great Street or Avenue, from Temple Bar to the Church, be reserved entirely for the Passage of Their Majesties, the Royal Family, the Members of both Houses of Parliament, and the Foreign Ministers all their Carriages to pass in single Rank, and no othet Carriage whatever to be admitted. It being understood that Their Majesties and the Royal Family Will enter the Church at the West Door, their Carriages are to drive in at the West Gate of the Church Yard, put down at the Bottom of the Steps, draw off to the North Side of the Church, and there wait until' Divine Service is over; then return to the Bottombf the Steps to take up. It is recommended that the Carriages of the Members of both Houses of Parliament, and of the Foreign Ministers, put down at the South West Gate of the Church Yard; and that they order their Servants to proceed with their Carriages on the South Side of the Church Yard Eastward, through Watling Street and Budge Row, to turn up IValbrook, pass the West Side of

the Mansion House, and return through th into

Cheapside, and to remain on the South Side of Cheapside, in Three Rows, with the Horses towards the Church, until called for.

NORTH AVENUE, for the Nobility (not in Parliament) and other Person from the West End of the Town:

That the Nobility, Gentry, and others coming into Holborn from the West End of the Town, he requested to proceed along Snow Hill and Newgate Street, turn to the Right down Warwick Lane, and then to the Left along Paternofier Ron), and be fef down at Canon , Opposite the North Door of the Church; then 'to order their Servants to proceed with their Carriages to the End of Paternofier Row, and turn round to the Left into Newgate Street, then down St. Martin's le Grand, into Aldersgate Street, keeping the Left Side of the Street to Long Lane, and return on the Right, there to remain in a Double Row, with the Horses towards Newgate Street, until Divine Service is ended; and then so return the same Way to take up.

EASTERN AVENUE, for the Corporation:

That the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, and Four Gentlemen of the Committee, proceed from the Mansion House, rather before Nine o'Clock, through Cheapside, round the South Side of Saint Parts Church Yard, and up Fleet Street to Temple Bar; put down at Messrs. Child and Company; then direct their Carriages to drive through Temple Bar, turn short about, and follow each other down Fleet Street, round Saint Parts Church , and along Cheapside, turn to the Left down King Street, and wait in Guildhall Yard till called for.

That the Aldermen and City Officers immediately follow the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, and Gentlemen of the 1 Committee,

38 Geo. III. 14® — 15 Decembris.

55

Committee, to the South Side of Saint Pants Chunk Tardy set down at the South Door of the Church, and order their Carriages to turn fiiort about, and return the same Way they came, to the Top of King Street; then turning down King Street into Guildhall Tardy continue there till called for.

That Direction Boards be fixed up, and Constables, See. placed at all the Turnings where necessary, to prevent the Coachmen mistaking their Lines.

HOURS OF ADMISSION:

That it be recommended,

To the Minor Canons and their Friends, to enter the Church, at the Dean's Gate, by Eight o'Clock:

To the Members of the Court of Common Coun cil, to enter the Church, at the North Door, by Nine o'Clock:

To the Aldermen, to enter the Church by Nine o'Clock:

To the Foreign Ministers, to enter the Church rather before Nine o'Clock, in order that their Car riages may not break into or interfere with the Procef-lion of the Members of the Houses of Parliament and the Royal Family:

To the Members of both Houses of Parliament, to enter the Church before Ten o'Clock, that Their Majesties and the Royal Family may not be flopped or impeded in going to the Church.

GENERAL DIRECTIONS:

That, in order to keep the Avenues to and from the Church as clear and open as possible, Polls with Bars or Chains be fixed at the Entrance of all the Streets and Passages on the North and South Sides of Fleet Street, Ludgate Hilly Ludgate Saint Pants

Church Tbrdy Walling Street, Budge the

Cheapside, Newgate Street, Snow Hill, Holborn up to the Bars, and Paternoster Row, and at the Entrance of all the Streets and Passages on the East and West Sides of Walbrook, King Street, Saint Martin's le Grand, and Aldersgate Street, as far Northward as the Corner of Barbican.

That Polls and Rails be fixed from the South East Corner of Paternoster Row, rounding to the North Side of Newgate Street; fronvthe North East Corner of Dow-gate Hill, cross Camion Street, to the South East Corner of IValbrook', and from the North East Corner of the Mansion Houser, cross the Street, to the South West Corner of Prince's Street j and from the South West Comer of Barbican, cross Aldersgate Street, to the South East Corner of Long Lane; and from the North East Corner of Warwick Lane, cross Newgate Street-, and that the Ends of all other Streets and Passages com municating with the Lines of the different Processions, bfe obstructed in like Manner.

That all the said Polls, Rails, and Bars, be fixed by Two of the Clock in the Morning, and continued until the whole Company shall have left th£ Church; and that no Coach or other Carriage, except those belonging to the Persons above-mentioned, be suffered to remain in any Street or Passage within the Extent of such Polls and Bars, on any Pretence whatever.

That where Two or more Lines of Carriages, coming from different Streets, in order to proceed towards the Church, are to fall into One Line, Constables and other proper Persons be Rationed, who shall direct the several Lines to advance alternately — One Carriage from each into the single Line; and shall immediately take into Custody any Coachman or other Person who shall refill or disobey such Orders as may be given for the Ob fervance of this Regulation.

That all Carriages in the North West Avenue shall advance in a single Line from Holborn Bars; and that all Carriages in the Eailern Avenue shall advance in a single Line from the Mansion House.

That Constables, and other proper Persons, be placed

Vol. 53.

to secure all the Bars and Chains in every Passage where they shall be fixed.

That Constables, and other proper Persons, be placed to keep clear and uninterrupted the Footway from the North West Avenue through Canon Alley.

That no Hackney Coach be permitted, on any Pre '

tence whatsoever, to be drawn within those Parts of the City to be inqlofed with Bars and Chains; and that the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches be requested to take away the Licence from every Coachman who shall attempt the Breach of this Regulation.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Paper thereunto annexed, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Proceedings Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, °n, East Indi for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused ti&T ure of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lifts, which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pupfuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the fame, and report to the House, Tomorrow, the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty, or more, of the said lifts.

And they are referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Aftley, Mr.

Burrow, Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Elford, Mr. Mr.

Baldwin, Mr. Holden Strutt, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Manners Sutton, Mr. GauJJen, Mr. Atkinson: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

The other Orcjer of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- BiI1 jf> amend ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, vent;„g gx-upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in pence St the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the -e *

Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge " and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in " Parliament." v

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V meris, 150 d.

Anno 38 Georgii 3 " Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

AMESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed.to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the nqxt Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen} videlicet, on the Sixteenth Day of March One- thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and also, an Act, passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty; videliceton the Twenty-second Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and also, another Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of, His present. Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six; videlicet, on the Fourteenth Day of May One thousand

Seven

The Lord *

have agreed to Neutral Ship# and Cape of Good Hope BUI./

156

15 Decefnbris.

A. 1797.

Seven hundred and Ninety-six, relating to the Admission Huntingdon: of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, First Time, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirfy-feVenth Years of His present Majesty, Chap

And the same was received; and read the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Rerwt tass

Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the leve- udica'

Rockbome and Wich-burylnclosure Bill, present «d.

Leicester Debtors Pc tition *

Account of

Persons assess -cd for Clocks and Watches, ordered.

Bounties to Matters and Surgeons of Slave Ships, to be considered.

BedwynWrit.

Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Rock borne, in the County of Southampton, and Wichbury, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Prison for the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

ter Twenty-one j videlicet, on the Twenty-Eighth Day ral Lifts, which had been delivered in at the Table, in pur of December One Thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- fuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-six, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations re- sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the spefting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of Good Hope-, without any Amendment. certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for

And then the Messengers withdrew. other Purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee

had examine the Lifts accordingly, and had directed Mr. Ashley presented to the House, according to him to report to the House the Name of every Member Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whose Name appeared in Twenty, or more, of the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lifts; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

' . wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The House w?.s moved. That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who should appear to hold, or to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be (truck o,ut of the said Report by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; .

Francis Gregor, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, John Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. ' Hiley Addington, Esquire, Sir William Young, Baronet,

Charles Dtmdas, Esquire, William Baker, Esquire, James Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Adams, Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, Daniel Account of the Number of Persons assessed to the Parker Coke, Esquire, Charles Yorke, Esquire, Charles Duties upon Clocks and Watches, together with the Rragge, Esquire, Andrew Stuart, Esquire, Sir William Total Amount of such Assessment; distinguishing be- Pulteney, Baronet, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Sir Watkin tween Clocks and Watches. Williams Wynn, Baronet, Thomas Grenville, Esquire, the

Honourable John Eliot, Charles Abbot, Esquire, William Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Drummond, Esquire, Charles Drake Garrard, Esquire, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Robert Sewell, Esquire, William Mellish, Esquire, House, to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, tholas Esquire, Sir Richard Carr Glynn, Ri-

in certain Cafes, to Mailers and Surgeons of Ships etn- chard Penn, Esquire, Richard EUifon, Esquire, John ployed in the Conveyance of Slaves in British Vessels Fane, Esquire, William Meeke, Esquire, William Elf or d, from the Coast of Africa. Esquire, Walter Wilkins, Esquire, James Brodie, Esquire,

Lord Viscount Morpeth, Sir William Lowther, Baronet, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to William Dickinson, Esquire, the Honourable Spencer the' Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Perceval, Edward Wilbraham , Esquire, Sir William the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- Dolben, Baronet, Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Francis liament for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County ville, Esquire, William Tait, Esquire. of Wilts, in the room of the Honourable Thomas Bruce,

deceased.

Bill to amefed Scotch Militia Act, patted.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Marine Mu-Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time. tytcBjU,com‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to give further Time for executing, and for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force w " in that'Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called House, upon the said Bill.

" Scotland,"be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to amend

The said Bill was read the Third Time. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, coauSf-'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late fions to cer-be. An Act to give further Time for executing, and for Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act

Chatteris ferry Road Bill, present 4.

enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "-An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom " of Great Britain called Scotland" ,

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Air. Elf or d presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three fe- be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-veral Acts, made in the First and Fourteenth Years of ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secohd, the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable his Majesty

to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers, in America only, under certain restrictions and Qualifications," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

tain Officers in America, paired.

and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, to Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County of

to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who have served Abroad as Officers " qr Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers, in America only, under certain Restrictions and " Qualifications."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion

Motion for Address rc-spe6tin the State OlHce. Neg.

38 Geo. III. ' 150 Decembm. 157

A Motion was made, and the Question being 'put, The total Number of Persons employed in the State That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Office in 1782 was Forty-eight, the Number at present to represent to His Majesty, that we observe with great employed is Sixty-six, so that the Amount of net efta-Concern the new Division of the State Office which His blished Emoluments is increased by the Sum of Majesty has been pleased to make, by the Creation of £. 14,91 £ Annum, and the Patronage augmented by the Office of a'Third Secretary of State for the War an Addition of Eighteen Places. That we cannot Department; a Department instituted for the First avoid also observing, that, by a Minute of the Board Time in the Month of July 1794, and subsequently of Treasury, dated the 14th of March 1783, it appears recognized and confirmed by an Order of His Majesty to have been His Majesty's gracious Intention to allow in- Council on the 27th of February 1795. By that to each of His Principal Secretaries of State, being the ri Order it appears, that the said War Department is put Two in Number, a Net Salary of .4,500, making to upon an Establishment, which gives to the Crown the gether a Sum of £.9,000; whereas, by the Establish-Distribution of the following new Salaries; namely,' ment' settled in Council in 1795, they have each of One of £. 6,000, One of £. 1,500, One of £.650, One them, being Three in Number, a Net Salary of £.6,000, of £.450, Two of £.300, One of £.200, One of £. 150, making together a Sum of £.18,000. We humbly and Three of.£.100. per Annum each, all of them conceive, that the Business of the State Office being Salaries free from every Deduction: divided amongst Three Secretaries instead of, as for-

That we feel ourselves called upon to observe, that merly, between Two, would rather have justified a the Business of the State Office has usually been trans- Diminution than an Increase of that Allowance, which, aifted by Two Principal Secretaries of State, and that in 1783, His Majesty considered asTufficiently liberal: the Office, commonly called the Office of Third Secre- To represent to His Majesty, that, deeply as we are tary of State, or Secretary for the Colonies, was un- impressed with the Magnitude of this increased Influ-knowm previous to the Year 1768. That, in the Year ence, there are other Circumstances attending the new 17S2, His Majesty was graciously pleased to order that Arrangement of the State Office, which we contemplate it should be suppressed; and that, by an Act, passed with still greater Anxiety:

in the Twenty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, it By the Order of His Majesty in Council in 1795, was enacted that it should be " utterly abolished and the Fees and Gratuities, heretofore received by the " taken away different Offices in the State Office, were/directed to be

With all becoming Deference, to submit to His applied towards the Expence of the Establishment, and Majesty, that the Revival of the Office of Third Secre- fixed Salaries given in lieu of them. That, much a? tary ot State can be regarded, by His faithful Com- wre approve of the Principle of this Regulation, we can-mons, without Jealously, only when arising from the not refrain from humbly representing to His Majesty, evident Necessity of the Cafe. That the new Division that, by the Application of it in the Instance before us, of the State Office, against which we humbly remon- it has been made to serve as a secret and indirect Mode strate, cannot, from what appears before us, be confi- of increasing the Influence of the Crown, and of adding dered as necessary, while, from the Profusion of Emo- to the Revenues of the Civil List, without the Know-luments with which it is accompanied, and the Nature ledge or Consent of Parliament: of the Arrangements with which it has been carried into It appears, that the Sum, annually paid from the Effect, it excites in us Feelings of deep Anxiety for the Civil List to the Support of the State Office, previous Honour of His Majesty, and the Liberty and Indepen- to the present Arrangement, was £. 14,240. That, in dence of Parliament: the Year 1795, in consequence of the new Appropria-

That it appears, that the Right honourable Henry tion of the Fees, and of the Arrangements made on Dundas did, while he performed the Duties of the Of- the Division of the Office, no more than £.3,379 was fice now filled by his Grace the Duke of Portland, to be provided for out of the Civil List, which there-known by the Name of the Home Department, transact fore gained in that Year the Sum of £. 10,861. That, every Part of the Business which has since been made by the Increase of Fees received in the Three First to constitute the separate Employrnent of a new War Quarters of the Year 1796 (the latest Period to which Establishment: That he so transacted this Business not the Accounts before us are made up) the Civil List only during a Period of Peace, but also during a long was exonerated from any Payment beyond the Sum of Period of War; namely, from the Month of February £.2,178, and even that Sum liable to be diminished by 1793 to the Month of July 1794, and that the only the Receipt of Fees in the Fourth Quarter of that additional Expence incurred, during the increased Bufi- Year; so that the Gain to the Civil List, from the ness of the latter Period, was £. 530 per Annum, being Order in Council in 1795, was in 1796 at least £. 12,072, the Salary of Four extra Clerks. - Further to represent which, added to the preceding £. 10,861, makes a Sum, to His Majesty, that the Right honourable Henry Dun- gained-to the Civil List in Two Years of the War, of das did, while Secretary of State for the Home Depart- £ 22,933, exclusive of what may have been derived % ment, not only discharge the entire Duties of that from the Operation of this Arrangement in the Years Office (including, as at that Time they did, those of 17942nd 1797, of which we possess no authentic Infertile present new War Establishment) but likewise con- mation, but which cannot be estimated at a less Sum fider himself as competent to execute the additional than was obtained in the Two Years of which we have Business of the Treasurer of the Navy, of the Chief an Account:

Commissioner for the Affairs of India, and of the Keeper That the Civil List has not, however, gained these

of the Signet in Scotland: Sums by the single Operation of bringing the Fees to

That it would have afforded us some Satisfaction' to Account, but by certain Arrangements, of a Nature have perceived, that, when a new Office was created to which we cannot contemplate without the most lively execute a Part of the Business of the Home Depart- Concern: '

ment, the Home Department had undergone a Reduc- It is with Regret we fee any Part of His Majesty's tion of Establishment proportioned to the Decrease of Civil List depending on the Generosity of His Ministers, the Duties remaining to be discharged: But we ob- and the Patronage of the Crown appearing to be dealt serve with Surprise that no such Reduction has taken out as a Matter of Bargain:

place; on the contrary, we find the Establishment to It appears that, by the Arrangement in Question, nave.been increased: the Right honourable Lord Grenville, having, as Audi-

Humbly to represent t5 His Majesty, that, in the for of the Exchequer, a Salary of £.4,000 per Annum, Year 1782, the Net Receipt of the State Office fin- and as Secretary of State a Salary of £..6,000 eluding certain Offices annexed to it) was £.26,515 per does not receive of the latter Sum more than £.3,200, Annum. The Net Receipt, now established,' is£.41,430. and consequently gives to the Civil List the Annual . Vol. 53. S f Sum

»58

150 — 18° Decembris.

4. 1797'

Ways atul Means, deferred.

Supply, ckfer red.

Exchequer Bills Bill, deferred.

Bill to amend Act for preventing Expence at Elections, deferred.

Sum of £. 2,8001 That the Right honourable Henry Dmdas, having, as Treasurer of the Navy, £. 4,000, as Commissioner for the Affairs of , £.2,000, as Keeper of the Signet in Scotland, £.1,500, and as Secretary of State a Salary of £.6,000 per , does not

in fast receive from this last Appointment more than £.z,oooo, and consequently gives to the Civil List the Annual Sum of £.4,000 $

That we humbly entreat His Majesty's Royal Attention to these Fasts, the Reiult of which is, that the Influence of the Crown has been largely and unnecessarily increased j that enormous Salaries have been afj'-signed to Persons who, by a private Arrangement, were to surrender a great Proportion of them to other Uses than those for which they were ostensibly granted; and that a large Sum has been secretly furmshed to the Civil List: without the Knowledge of Consent of Parliament: , .

That our Duty to our Country, and our Attachment to His Majesty, demand from us, particularly at the present awful Crisis, this Representation; and that we l'ubmit it to His Majesty's Royal Wisdom to take such Steps, in Regard to the Matter of it, as may appear to llis Paternal Goodness most likely to contribute to the Honour of the Crown, the Independence of Parliament, and the Security of the Constitution;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contitier further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the 20th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act " for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of " Members to serve in Parliament."

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Petition from Inhabitants of Clerkenwell for repeal of tile Clock and' Watch Duty Act.

Bradford Pe-verell Inclosure Bill, presented.

Committee on Marine Mutiny Bill.

Luna, 18° die Decembris;

Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797. Prayers.

MR Aftley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands aBd Grounds, within the Parish of Bradford Pe-verell, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill fqr. the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of -enwell, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish is a populous District, and contains about 21,000 Inhabitants; that the Clock and Watch Manufactory has for many Years been carried on therein to a very great Extent, and that nearly 7,000, being about One Third of those Inhabitants, are dependent upon the different Branches of this Manufactory for their Support; and that the Clock and Watch Manufacturers, as well as the other Inhabitants of the Parish (who are collaterally connected with them) from the Effects already produced by the Act, passed in the last: Session for granting certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, cannot but lament the serious Inconveniencies to which those Trades are thereby subjected, and the grievous Burthen which the Parish mult sustain by the greatest Part of the Workmen, formerly employed therein, having, since the passing of that Act, become unemployed.

Numbers of whom have been under the Necessity of applying to the Parish for Relief for themselves, their Families, and Apprentices, and many others mull speedily be reduced to the same deplorable Situation, J and that, if the said Act should continue in Force, the Mailer Manufacturers will be unable to carry on their Trades, a Diminution of more than one Half having already taken place in the Sale of Clocks and Watches, and of the various Articles used in the making of them, and the Sale thereof is daily decreasing; and that the Articers and Workmen, who, from these Causes, cannot obtain Employ, have already begun to emigrate, and many more will, from their Distrelfes, be induced to do the fame, and leave their Families and Apprentices chargeable upon the Parish J That the Manufactory of Clocks and Watches is of great National Importance, inasmuch as it employs so many Thousands ot Workmen, who, by the mere ingenious Operation of Manual Labour, increase the Value of BnMaterials, otherwise of small Estimation, to a very extraordinary De: gree; and that the Annual Rental of this Parish, as allblled to the Poor Rates, is £.54,780; that the different Taxes to which it is now rated amount to the Sum of £. 28,000 and upwards; and that these Taxes are to an alarming Degree becoming unproductive; and that, if the said Act should be continued, a very great Addition to the Poor Rates mult take place, in order to raise the necessary Support for those Workmen and Manufacturers, and the Persons dependent upon them, who, from the Causes before-mentioned, are and will be driven to the Necessity of applying to the Parish for Maintenance: And therefore praying the House to take this Subject into its serious Confederation, That the said Act may be repealed, and that the Petitioners may, if necessary, be heard, by themselves and their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of this their Application.

A Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint petition from Luke, in the County of Middlesex, in Vestry assembled, vestrymen of on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, par- "d0. u es' ticularly those in the several Brandies of the Clock and Watch making Trades, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the said Parish, there is a considerable Number of Poor Mechanics, and Perr fons who keep small Shops of various Delci iptions, and on a fair Calculation, it is computed there are among them some Thousands of Artificers, hitherto employed in the several Branches of the Trades of Clock and

Watch

38 Gmo. III. 18 0 Decembris. 159

Watch making; and that, fihce the passing of the Act for granting certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, the said Persons have not had Employment sufficient to enable them to provide for their respective Families and Dependents, artd many of them declare their present Support is produced by the little they have saved by Industry and Care, which Supply, unlel's they obtain Employ mud soon be exhausted; and that the Applications now daily making to the Officers of the said Parish for Relief, and the melancholy Scene exhibited by the aforesaid Persons, affords ferioUs Apprehensions that the Workhouse (already much crowded with Poor) mult soon "be enlarged to admit Numbers of those who have hitherto contributed to the Taxes, as well Parliamentary as Parochial, and if so, the Effect will be a Diminution in the Collection of the Parliamentary Taxes, and a great additional Burthen on the Inhabitants by an Increase of the Poor Rates; and, when it is considered that this dreadful Privation of Comforts is effected (in Part at lead, if not wholly) by a Tax laid on an Article, the Work of Ingenuity, both useful and ornamental, and in the Performance of which this Country is uririvalled, it is to be feared the Want of Employ will lessen, if not destroy, the Art, and the Trade, in Consequence thereof, be fevered from this Country ever after: And therefore praying the House to take this Representation into its serious Consideration, and that the said Act may be repealed, and that the Petitioners may (if necessary) be heard, by themselves and their Courifel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of this their Application.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ipfv;ehan<i A Petition of the there tmdersigned Persons eon-Debtore Peti- fined for Debt in the Gaol for the County of Suffolk, t on. at Ipfzdck: And also,

A Petition of'Prisonets confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of Nezvgat, in the City of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Didress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table;

Kewark upon Mr. Manners Sutton reported from the Committee, to Trent Paving, whom' the Petition of the there-undersigned Inhabi-ttpyrtetd.ion' tants of the Parish of Nupon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Ordets of the Hcuie, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, it not being determined to dpply to Parliament until the Time limited by the said Orders for giving the Notices was elapsed; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the ' same was read; and is>as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, zvard Smith Godfrey, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Town is a large, populous, and commercial Town, and that the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages within the same are not sufficiently cleansed and lighted, and many of them not properly paved; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and all Persons relorting thereto, if the said Streets and public Passages were effectually paved and ' kept in Repair, and properly cleansed and lighted; and-that it would also be of great Convenience to the said Inhabitants, if certain Shambles or Shops, which were several Years ago built for the Convenience of exposing Butchers' Meat to Sale, but never occupied, were now used for that Purpose.

And the Witness further said, That in order to defray the necessary Expences incident to the several Purposes aforesaid, it is proposed to apply the Surplus of the . Vol. 53.

Rents and Profits of certain Estates belonging to the Corporation of the said Town of Newark upon Trent, and that it would be for the Benefit of the said Town if the same were so applied.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circutnstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the Clirijlmas Quarter Sessions, to be holden for the County of Nottingham, and Three Times in the Newspaper called The Nottingham,

in the present Month of Dec, and in the Month of January, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Re-.port. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of proper Bounties to be allowed; in certain Cafes, to Mailers and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves in Britifft Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednes-day Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties how charged by Assessment, fqr A Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided. / .

1 The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,) JJj; } "74-

Tellers for the Noes, \ M >9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative;

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; find tha(t he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, Tor the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; -The House resolved itself into the said Committee. , Mr. Speaker, left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr; Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di retted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same'. -

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesf day Morning next.

Mr.

Committee on Bounties to Mailers and Surgeons of Slave Ships.

Committee on Aflefied Taxes additional Duty Bill.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Committee on Reports from the Select Committee on Kinauce ot'laik Seiilon, deferred.

S'lpply, deferred.

Exchequer Bills Bill, deferred.

House called over, and rocs to St. Paul's.

160

18° — 190 — ao°

A.

1797.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to tit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His' Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevfennight, the 26th Day of this inllant December, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Reports, which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and Rate the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Clxarges attending the fame, as they Rood on the 5th of January 1797; diRinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which exiRed previous to the 5th of Jamary 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and Rate the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outRanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or eRimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and who were infirudted to Rate an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 17861 of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now exilting; and who were also infirudted to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments without Detriment to the Public Services.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon H'ednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon IVMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One tliqufand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

MarttS) 19 0 die Decembris;

Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 2797.

THE House being met, in order to their going to Saint Paul's Church to the Solemnity of the Public Thanksgiving;

Refo/ved, That this House be now called over, for their more orderly proceeding to Saint Paul's Church.

Then the Members were called over, by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went to Saint Paul's Church accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Note, The House being called over, soon after Eight o'Clock in the Morning, the Members went accordingly in their Carriages from the House, along Parliament Street, by Charing the

Strand, and Fleet Street, directly to Saint Paul's Church: The Clerk 'Afliffant, the Chaplain, and Deputy Serjeant at Arms went first in one of Mr. Speaker's Carriages, being preceded by some of the Messengers of the House on Horse-back, all the Way, and also by the Constables of PVeJlminster, as far as Temple Bar. The Mem-

bers, on their coming to Saint Paul's, were conducted through the Iron Gate at the South-weR Corner, into the large Area before the Church, and from thence into the Church by the Door on the South Side of the Great WeRern Door: Mr. Speaker, in his Coach, attended by the Clerk and Serjeant at Arms, went the lass, and fat in the Middle of the North Side of the Choir, with the Mace before him (in the Place where the Lord Mayor of London usually fits) and the Clerk and Serjeant were -in the Seat below him. The Members fat in the Places provided for them, which confified of the Whole of the Gallery on the South Side of the Choir (except such Part of the back Seats thereof as were let apart for the Admirals and Naval Officers who attended this Solemnity) and One Half of the Gallery on the North Side of the Choir, at the Weffern End nearefi the Organ, which proved to be sufficient for their Accommodation. — No Interruption or Inconvenience happened during the Procession, or in any Part of this Proceeding; the Whole was conducted with perfect Regularity and good Order, and in a Manner suitable to so great and solemn an Occasion, and to the' Dignity of the House.

Mercurii, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 3S Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797-

_ *

Prayers.

(ORDERED, That the Thanks of this House be House thanks given to the Lord Bishop of L, for the excel- xiuCoin.°p lent Sermon by him preached before His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament at Paul's Church,

Ycfferday, the Day of Public Thanksgiving appointed by H is Majesty: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Burden do attend His Lordship with the Thanks of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to NfwcafHt-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, in the County of

Northumberland, in the tpom ot Charles Brandling, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three chatteri Fer-several Acts, made in the First and Fourteenth Years «7 Roy1 of the Reign of hi? late Majesty King George the Se- coranutM 2 cond *

Rockborne and Wichbury Inclosure Bill, committed.

Chelmsford Debtors Petition.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to continue Act of 1aft Session relating to the Exportation of Corn, See.

Kilburn Bridge and Sparrow's Heme Rond Petition.

Marine Mutiny Bill, reported.

38 Geo III 206 Decembris\

cond, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge, and for amend- directed him to report to the House; and he read the ing and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to Report in his Place; and afterwarde delivered the Bill; the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where branching out of the said lload near Stocks Bridge, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then through Needingworth, to 'Earith, in the County of a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Huntingdon, was read a Second Time. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellowes, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, See.: And they are to ingossed.

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker's Chamber. Mr. Hobart, according to Order, imported from the Report re.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ttf

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Maitereimd Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Cafes, to Matters and Surgeons of Ships employed in Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Rockborne, in the the Conveyance of Slaves in British Vessels from the Shipfc County of Southampton, and IVichbury, in the County of Coatt of Africa, the Resolution which the Committee

Wilts, was read a Second Time. had directed him to report to the House; which he read %

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ashley, in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Mr. Elf ord. Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Table: Where the same was read; and is as fdlloweth j at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. viz.

Resolved} ‘That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

A Petition of the there undersigned Persons, who That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to are Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol at Chelmsford, in the each Matter, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of County of Essex, was presented to the House, and every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. Coatt of Africa, upon Proof being made, that not more Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the than Two Slaves, in each Hundred, that shall have been Table. < taken on board such Ships have died, and of Fifty

Pounds to each Matter, and Twenty-five Pounds to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. each Surgeon, where not more than Three Slaves, in Walker. each Hundred, have died, within a certain Period.

Mr. Speaker, The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act upon the Question put thereupon; agreed to by the to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks from House.

the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, so much of an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in present Majesty, Chapter Seven, videlicet, on the Vessels from the Coatt of Africa, that they do make Eleventh of November One thousand Seven hundred Provision in the said Bill punuant to the said Resolu and Ninety-six, as relates to the Exportation, and tion. carrying Coastwise, of Wheat and Rye, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provision; without any Mr. Manning presented to the House, according to London Amendment. Order, a Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and j * ! *

And then the Messengers withdrew. other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Se- ed. pr *

curity of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution the Port of London: And the same was received; and an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of read the First Time.

His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's

Herne, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the A Petition of the several Persons, whdfe Names ate Petition re-House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due, on others. Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Tewkef- tion for W the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon bury, in the Coupty of Gloucester, was delivered in at the Tewkeflmiy. the said Road, which, together with the Tolls, have been Table, and read, Setting forth. That, on the lft Day applied in amending the said Road; and that the said of March 1797, the Select Committee, appointed to Road is become greatly out of Repair, and cannot be try and determine the Merits of the Petition presented effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, and by Peter Moore and Philip Francis, Esquires, complain-the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid paid off, un- ing of an undue Election and Return for the said Bo-less the said Tolls are increased, and the Term of the rough, reported to the House, " That the Right of said Act further continued: And therefore praying, " Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for increal- " said Borough is not in the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and ing some of the present Tolls, and enlarging the Term " Commonalty, of the said Borough, meaning by the and Powers of the said Act, for such Time, and in such " Word — Burgesses — that such Persons as are entitled Manner, as the House shall think proper. " to their Freedom by Servitude or Copy; and by the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " Word Commonalty — Inhabitant Householders of the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- said Borough" ----- --That the Right of Election is

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it not in the Freemen of the said Borough, and in any shall appear to them, to the House: Person seised of an Estate of Freehold in an entire

And it is referred to Mr. Maihwaring, Mr. Byng," Dwelling House within the said Borough" — and 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at " That the Right of Election is in the Freemen at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have " large, and in all Persons seised of an Estate of Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Freehold in an entire Dwelling House within the

il ancient Limits of the said Borough;" and that the Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Petitioners are advised, that the Right of Election, so

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for determined by the said Select Committee, is not the the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while "Right of Election for the said Borough: And there-Vol. 53. T t fore.

e

Report Way and Means.

Assessed

Taxes.

162 20° Decembris. . 1797.

fore, to prevent the Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, the Petitioners pray the House, That they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in this same made and provided, to oppose the Right of Election in Favour of which the said Select Committee have so reported, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House v shall seem meet, and the Nature of their same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 27th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London and also sent

to the Returning Officer of the Borough of . 7 ‘ewkesbury, according to the Directions of an Act> passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person assessed to any of the Rates or Duties now payable on Houses, Windows or Lights, or on Inhabited Houses, or on Dogs, or Clocks, Watches, or Time-keepers, to the Amount of Twenty Pounds (ex-, cept such Persons who shall be eventually made subject to a lower or other Rate of Duty) shall be charged Annually, during a Term to be limited, with an additional Aate or Duty, in proportion to the Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is assessed, according to the last Yearly Assessment or Assessments, made prior to the 6th Day of April 1798, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now in Force, and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows; videlicet, where the said Duties shall

Amount to Twenty Pounds, and shall be under Thirty Pounds, a Duty equal to Three Times the Amount and One Half the Amount thereof; where the said Duties shall amount to Thirty Pounds, and shall be under Forty Pounds, a Duty equal to Four Times the Amount thereof; where the said Duties shall amount to Forty Pounds, and shall be under Fifty Pounds, a Duty equal to Four Times the Amount and One Half the Amount thereof; and whe're the said Duties shall amount to Fifty Pounds, or upwards, a Duty equal to Five Times the Amount thereof; and that where any Person shall be so charged by every such Assessment made for a less Term than a Year, the additional Rate or Duty shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Assessment, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as would become payable thereon if the same were made for a whole Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person assessed to any of the Duties now payable on Male Servants, on Carriages, or on Horses (other than those granted on florfes and Mules by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign) shall be charged Annually, during a Time to be limited, with an additional Rate or Duty, in proportion to the Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is assessed, according to the last Yearly Assessment or Assessments, made in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now in Force prior to the 6th Day of April 1798, and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows; that is to say, where the Amount of the said Duties, now payable, shall be under Twenty-five Pounds, a Duty equal to Three Times the Amount thereof; where the said Duties, now payable, shall amount to Twenty-five Pounds, and shall be under Thirty Pounds, a Duty equal to Three Times the Amount and One Half the Amount thereof; where the said Duties, now payable, shall amount to Thirty Pounds, and shall be under Forty Pounds, a Duty equal to Four Times the Amount thereof; where the said Duties, now payable, shall amount to Forty Pounds, and shall be under Fifty Pounds, a Duty equal to Four Times the Amount and One Half the Amount thereof; and where the said Duties, now payable, shall amount to Fifty Pounds, or upwards, a Duty equal to Five Times the Amount thereof; and that where any Person shall be so charged, by any such Assessment, made for a less Term than a Year, the additional Rate or Duty shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Assessment, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as would be payable thereon if the same were made for a whole Year.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next,

Committee oa AfleiredTaxies additional Duty BilL

Committee or Exchequer Bills Bill.

Mutiny Bill, presented.

Ways and Mean;, deferred.

‘ v

38 Geo. III.

30°- — 21°

Decembris.

163

Su

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

.defer- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 21° die Decembris\

Anno 38 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797. Praters.

Nottingham A PETITION of the Debtors confined in the Debtors Pcti- jt\. Gaols of the Town and County of the Town of

Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Medstead and Bentworth Inclosure Bill, presented.

Mutiny Bill, committed.

Land Tax Commissioners Names Bill, committed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Medjlead and Bentworth, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for grant- ing an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised 1 " in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the 13th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Marine Mu- An ingrafted Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's uny Bill, pass- Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, to continue until the Twenty-

Vat. 53.

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Urallace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Chilton Di»i-thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Peti-

read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Hamlet ti«n< of Chilton, in the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset, certain Open and Commonable Pastures, containing, by Estimation, 220 Acres, or thereabouts; and there are also, within the said Hamlet; certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, containing, by Estimation,

400 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners, and others, have Rights of Common, in over, and upon the said Open and Commonable Pastures, and also have certain other Rights in, over, and upon, the said Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Open and Commonable Pastures, if the same were divided and allotted into several distinct Allotments, and the said Open and Commonable Arable Lands were exchanged, allotted, and laid together, and specific Parts and Shares thereof assigned and allotted unto and amongst the several Proprietors, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein!

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and laying together, the said Open and Commonable Arable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Dickinson, and Mr. Gore Langton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according b;u for Kgm. to Order, a Bill for regulating the thipping and carry- kting the ing of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: shv«"pre-

And the same was received; and read the First Time, rented'.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order,'reported from thd Exchequer Committee of the whole House, so whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer portea Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House was moved, That the Resolutioils, which Resolutions were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur- 4ad, amUn'.. ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted struaion to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, thereuPon might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly $ and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Person assessed to any Part of the Rates or Duties now payable on Houses, Windows

" or

164 21 — 22°

44 or Lights, or on Inhabited Houses, or on Dogs, or Clocks, Watches, or Time-keepers, to the Amount of Twenty Pounds (except such Persons who shall be " eventually made subject to a lower or other Hate of Duty) shall be charged Annually, during a Term to be limited, with an additional Rate or'Duty, in proportion to the Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is assessed, according to the last Yearly Assessment or Assessments, made prior to the 44 6th Day of April 1798, in pursuance of any Act of 44'Parliament bow in Force, and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows; videlicetwhere the said Duties shall amount to Twenty Pounds, and shall be under Thirty Pounds, a Duty equal to Three Times the Amount and One Half the Amount thereof; where the said Duties shall amount to Thirty Pounds, and shall be under Forty Pounds, a Duty equal to Four Times the Amount thereof; where the said Duties shall amount to Forty Pounds, and shall be under Fifty Pounds; a Duty equal to Four Times the Amount and One Half the Amount thereof; and where the said Duties shall amount to Fifty Pounds, 44 or upwards, a Duty equal to Five Times the Amount thereof; and that where any Person shall be so charged by every such Assessment made for a less Term than 44 a Year, the additional Rate or Duty shall be com- puted on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Assessment, and of such fur- ther Sum to be added thereto as would become payable thereon if the same were made for a whole Year."

44 Rejalved, That, towards railing the Supply granted

44 to His Majesty, every Person assessed to any of the Duties now payable on Male Servants, on Carriages, 44 or on Horses (other than those granted on Horses and Mules by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty's 44 Reign) shall be charged Annually, during a Time to be limited, with an additional Rate or Duty, in pro- portion to the Amount of the said Duties to which such Person is assessed, according to the last Yearly Assessment or Assessments, made in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now in Force prior to the 6th 44 Day of April 1798, and the Proportion thereof shall be as follows; that is to say, where the Amount of the said Duties, now payable, shall be under Twenty- five Pounds, a Duty equal to Three Times the Amount thereof; where the said Duties, now payable, shall amount to Twenty-five Pounds, and shall be under Thirty Pounds, a Duty equal to Three Times the Amount and One Half the Amount thereof; where the said Duties, now payable, shall amount to Thirty Pounds, and shall be under Forty Pounds, a Duty equal to Four Times the Amount thereof; where the said Duties, now payable, shall amount to Forty Pounds, and shall be under Fifty Pounds, a Duty equal to Four Times the Amount and One Half the Amount thereof; and where the said Duties, now payable, shall amount to Fifty Pounds, or upwards, a Duty equal to Five Times the Amount thereof; and that where any Person shall be so charged, by any such Assessment, made for a 44 less Term than a Year, the additional Rate or Duty shall be computed on the Aggregate Amount of the Sums contained in such Assessment, and of such further Sum to be added thereto as would be payable thereon if the same were made for a whole Year."

Ordered, That it be an Ihllruftion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Decemlris. A. 1797.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on whole House, to consider further of the Bill for grant- aaditional * ing to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Duty Bill. Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 2 2° dieDecentbris 5

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797.

PftAYERS.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according Stone Inclo-to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- Pr4'

tain Common Fields, in the Parish of Stone, in the ene County of Stafford, called Stone Field, and The Sandpits:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' A Biff for dividing and allotting the Open and Com- Bradford Pe-mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bradford Peverelin the County mitted. of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are whiftie thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for re- chainster, pairing the several Roads in the Counties of Somerset and &c. Roads P -Dorset respectively, herein after described, was presented tition to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, several Tolls and Powers were granted for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Whiffle Bridge, in the Parish of Barin the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminffer, in the County of D; and from the Cross, in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrot, in the County of Dorset, and from a Place called Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwitdor, to LenhamsWater, in the Parish

of Beamifter, and from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beamifter, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Wool-combe, and from Up Sydling Ewe Leaze to the Town of Cerne Abbas, and from the Town of Frampton to join the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset; and that the Trustees, authorized to put the said Act in Execution, have, in pursuance of the Trulls reposed in them, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Sums, together with the Tolls, have been applied in carrying into Execution the several Purposes of the said Act; and that the Whole of the Money so borrowed Hill remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued; and that the Petitioners apprehend it will be expedient to divert,

5 turn.

Hafnium Hill and Dorchester Roads Petition.

Worcester ' Debtors Petition.

38 Geo. III. Decembris. 165

turn, and alter, the Course and Direction of some A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. 'tie

Parts of- the Roads, therein described, by leaving out Walkerve aeree ta the Roads leading from Up Sydling Ewe Leaze to Mr. Speaker,

the Town of Cerne Abbas, and from the Town of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to amend Frampton to join the Western Turnpike Road near Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year Steepleton, and, in lieu thereof, the Road to continue of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, on that Part of the Branch of Road from Whiflle intituled, "An Act to enable his Majesty to grant tain officers Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of " Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Pro- m Amenca Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Char- " testants, who have served Abroad as Officers or En-minster, in the County of Dorset, which commences at " gineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers, in the present Turnpike Gate at the Town of Frampton, to " America only, under certain Restrictions artd Qua-a Certain Water called Grimstone Water, and from thence " lifications;" without any Amendment: And also, to take in a new Branch of Road to Grimstone Common The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act indemnity Meadoiv (the Water called Grimstone Water and Meadow to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify BlU being both in the Parish of Stratton)and on, to, and themselves for Offices and Employments, and to in-

Over, Muckleford Water, in the Parish of Bradford Pe- demnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

verell, and Muckleford, and Frampton, to join the Great omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

Western Turnpike near Steepleton, and to alter and en- within the Time directed by Law, and for extending large several of the Powers therein comprized: And the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in and Ninety-eight; to indemnify Members and Officers such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restric- in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose ad-tions, as to the House shall seem meet. millions have been omitted to be stamped according to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Law, or, having been stamped, have been lpft or mislaid, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- and for allowing' them until the Twenty-fifth Day of mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-shall appear to them, to the House: . eight, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to per-

And it is referred to Mr. Ashley, Mr. Hobart, he-: mit such Persons as have omitted to make and file And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Niqe Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for in-A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are demnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for re- Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of pairing the several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within Dorset, respectively herein after described, was presented the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an limited for that Purpose until the First Day of -Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of berOne thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; his late Majesty King George the Second, several Tolls and without any Amendment: And also,

Powers were granted for repairing and widening the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to amend

Road from the lop of Harnham Hill, near the City of to give further Time for executing, and for enlarging Sc h Militia

New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the leve- the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session of Par-

ral Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a cer- liament, intituled, "An Act to raise and embody a

tain Entrenchment on Ajkerfwell Hill, in the County of " Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great

Dorset, and which Act was further continued by ano- " Britain called Scotland" without any Amendment:

ther Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign And also,

of His present Majesty; and that the Trustees, autho- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to conti-rized to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, ditional Duty thereby granted, which Sums, together with the Tolls, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in A£. have been applied in carrying into Execution the several the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His pre- ,

Purposes of the said Acts; and that a considerable sent Majesty, Chapter One Hundred and Two;

Part of the Money so borrowed Hill remains due, and licet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand *

cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads be kept in Repair, Seyen hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His unless the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Act arc further continued: And therefore praying, Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectu- described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the ating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and un- Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scot-der such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House land; without any Amendment, shall seem meet. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said. Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- The House was moved. That the Entry in the Jour- Proceeding mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it nal of the House, of the 20th Day of March in the last nt lnd6 shall appear to them, to the House: Session of Parliament, of the ift, 3d, 4th, 5th, and 6th, biftnbutioa

And it is referred to Mr. Ashley, Mr. Hobart, he.: of the Resolutions, which were afterwards agreed to' by Brivate And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine both Houses of Parliament, respecting the Promulga- s of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have tion of the Statutes of the Realm, might be read.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And the same were read accordingly; and are as fol-

loweth; viz.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the " Resolved, That it is expedient, for the more gene-Gaol for the County of Worcester, was presented to the " ral and speedy Promulgation of the Laws, that His House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and Majesty's Printer (instead of printing 'the 1,126 Co-praying Relief. " pies of such of the Public Statutes of the Realm as

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the are now printed 1»y him at His Majesty's Expence)

Table. " should be authorized and directed to print not less

Vol. 53. U u than

i 66 i2°- — 39

" than 3,550 Copies of every Public General Statute;

200 Copies of every Public local Statute (including " Road Acts) and 200 Copies of each Private Sta-' " tute: Which, it appears, from the Statements

" contained in the Report referred to the said Committee, may be done without any additional Expence ' " to the Public."

" Resolved, That His Majesty's Printer should be authorized and directed to print and deliver, or tyansmit in like Manner, the aforesaid 200 Copies of " each Public, Local, and Private Statute, according to " a certain Mode of Distribution." -v " Resolved, That every Chief Magistrate and Head

" Officer of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate,

" in England and Wales, and of every Royal Burgh in " Scotland, and ever)7 Sheriff Clerk of the Peace, and " Town Clerk, receiving any such Copies, should preserve them for the Public Ule, and transmit them " to his Successor in Office."

" Resolved, That, for the Purpose of effectuating the " Promulgation of Private Statutes, and also of en- furing an adequate Compensation to the Clerk of the Parliament and Officers of the House of Lords (in " lieu of their Annual Average Emoluments arising from the Office Copies of such Statutes) without " bringing any new Charge upon the Public, the Par-

" ties interested in every such Statute should make good such Expence and Compensation; and that " thereupon such printed Copies of every such Statute " should be made judicially admissible in Ev idence."

" Resolved, That His Majesty's Printer should also " be authorized and directed to class the General Statutes and the Special Statutes (viz. the Public,

" Local, and Private Acts) of each Session in separate Volumes; and to number the Chapters of each Class . separately; and also to print One General Title to " each Volume, together with a General Table of all the Acts passed in that Session."

Resolved, That so milch of the said Resolutions as relates to the Printing and Distribution of Private Acts of Parliament, shall be construed to extend only to such Acts of Parliament respectively, in which a Clause shall be inserted, expressing that, at the Request of the Persons interested therein, the same is thereby declared to be a Public Act.

Ordered, That a Message be. sent to the Lords with the said Resolution, and their Lordships Concurrence desired thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the said Message.

Exchequer Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bills Bill, pa - j»eacjing Qf the Bdl (now ingossed) for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill yvas read the Third Tifne.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

V

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House,'an n'Houses of Account of the Number of Houses that are assessed as £. % and up- Inhabited Houses of £.8 a Year, and upwards, specify-wards, order- ,ing jje Number of each; videlicet. Rents of £.8 a Year — £.8 to £. 10 — £. 10 to £.15 — 15 to 2c —

£.20 to £.25 — £.25 to 30 30 to £.35 — £.35 to

£40 — £-4° to£.45 — £-45 to£.50 — £.50 to £.55 — £55 to £.60 — £.60 to £.65 — £.65 to £.70 — £.70 to

£15 — £-15 to £.80 — £.80 to 83 8_5 to £.90 —

£.90 to £.95 — £-95 to ioo ioo to £.110 — £.110 to£. 120 — .120 to 13b 130 to 140 —

-£140 to£. 150 — £. 150 to 160 — £.160 to .170 —

Decembris. 1797.

£ 170 to i80 £. 180 to £. 190 — 190 to £.200 —

£. 200 to £.220, and upwards.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further, of the Bill for granting to His Ma- Duty Bill, jesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to . be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 1 Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Ways and vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole dcfer"

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, defer-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole red *

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the Mutiny Bill,

13th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Com- deterred, rnittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 30 die Decembris;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whole Derby Debtors Names are thereunto subscribed, confined for Debt in the Gaol in and for the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That tire said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Houserefolves House this Day, adjourn till ThursdaMorning next. Thuuday!

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do make the Report AsselTedTaxes from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the nut Bin re- Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Du- po ed.' ' ties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further - Confederation upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be- printed, as

shall

38 Geo. III. 230 — 28167

shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the interested, if the said Open and Commonable Pasture House. and Turbary Lands were divided and allotted into several distinct Allotments, and also if the several Parcels And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morn- of the said Commonable Arable Lands were exchanged ing next, Ten of the Clock. and allotted and laid together, as the same would

thereby be much improved, and rendered more con *

— ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- — 1 — — venient and productive to the several Proprietors thereof,

and would be of great Public Utility: And therefore Jovis, 28° die Decembris j praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

for dividing and allotting the said Open and Comraon-Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797. able Pasture and Turbary Lands, and for exchanging,

allotting, and improving, the said Open and Common-Prayers. able Arable Lands, within the Village or Hamlet of

Catcot aforesaid, with such Powers, Regulations, and Durham writ. ff\RDER E D, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his War- Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to lerve in this suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. present. Parliament for the City of Durham, in the room Mr. Gore and Mr. Junior,

of William Henry Lambton, Esquire, deceased. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stone Inclo-fure Bill, committed.

Resolution respecting Private Acts, delivered to the JLords.

The Lords have agreed to

Exchequer Bills Bill.

Marine Mutiny Bill.

Catcot Division and Allotment Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, called Stone Field, and The Sandpits, was read a Second Time-.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Abbot reported to the House, That he had, according to Order, been with the Lords, and delivei d to their Lordships the Resolution of this House of Friday last, respecting the Printing and Distribution of Private Acts of Parliament, and desired their Lordships Concurrence thereto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Spr anger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, in the Village or Hamlet of Catcot, within the Parish of in the County of Somerset, a certain Open and Commonable Pasture, called The Catcot Allotment, lately Part of a certain Moor, called King's Sedge Moor, containing, by Estimation, 215 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners and several other Persons have, and claim to be entitled to Right of Common in respect of their several Tenements situate in the Village or Hamlet of Catcot aforesaid; and that there are also, within the said Village, certain Open and Commonable Turbary Lands, containing, by Estimation, 120 Acres, or thereabouts, whereon the Petitioners and several other Persons have, and claim to be entitled to Common of Turbary, in respect of their several Tenements situate in the said Village; and that there are likewise, within the said Village, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, containing, by Estimation, 300 Acres, or thereabouts, v.hereon the Petitioners and various other Persons have, and are entitled to, divers linall detached and intermixed. Parcels, which are very inconveniently disposed and situated for the Occupation thereof; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons

1 - 0 0

>OL. Si-

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the shipping Bill for regu-and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast ti'n heof-of Africa, be now read a Second Time. Slaves, com-

' The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. . mitted. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the 20th Day of February next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole;' House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the chester Gaol of the Castle of Chester, was presented to the 1?el't01i ret1' House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and ion praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, Petition of Clocks and Watches resident within the Cities of Lcn-don and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Weilminrter, the Vicinities thereof, whose Names are thereunto l'ub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting \Vutch forth. That, in consequence of the Act, passed in the Duty Act. last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks " and Watches," the Petitioners have sustained great Losses: That, should this Act continue in Force, they will daily be exposed to still greater Hardships; and that, from the Effects it has already produced,-they entertain the most alarming Apprehension of the Dangers to which they will be subjected: That, fmee the passing of the said Act, the Petitioners have, with much Anxiety, observed a gradual Increase in its -injurious Operation; it appears, from their own Experience, as well as from numerous Documents received from almost every Part of Great Britain, by a Committee appointed, last July, to examine and state their Grievances (which were then severely felt) that, prior to the Month of November last, a Diminution of more than One Half had taken place in the making of Clocks and Watches, and their various accompanying Ornaments, and the Implements used in making the same, and the Manufacture and Sale thereof has since decreased, and con- /

tinues diminishing so rapidly, that the Home Trade must very soon be nearly annihilated: That the Artificers in the various Branches of the Clock and Watch Manufactory, who, from the Causes before-mentioned, cannot obtain Employment, have already begun to emigrate, and many others will, from their DillrelTes, be induced, and probably encouraged by Foreigners, to do the fame; that such Artificers will be loft to this Country, and carry with them the most. valuable Secrets which have hitherto given the Manufacturers and Dealers of Great Britain a decided Superiority and Advantage in the Markets Abroad; and, if speedy and,

9 effectual

Sicklinghall and Wood hall Inclosure Petition.

Report of AC-

felted Taxes

additional

Duty Bill, further consider-cd.

168 28 0 Decembris 1797.

effectual Relief be not granted to the Petitioners, they most fcrioully apprehend a great and continued Decrease, and eventually an entire Destruction of their Foreign Trade: That the Home and Foreign Trades are particularly connected, so far as regards the Instruction and Employment of the Workmen, because, the Foreign Trade being only Periodical, the Manufacturers cannot, without the Home Trade, employ the Workmen at those Times when they are not getting up and executing Orders for the Foreign Markets: That the Cotton and Woollen Manufactories are entirely indebted for the State of Perfection, to which the Machinery used therein is now brought, to the Clock and Watchmakers, great Numbers of whom have, for Several Years past, at Times been employed in inventing and constructing, as well as Superintending, such Machinery, and that those Persons, from their Want of Employment in the Clock and Watch Trade, will also be induced to emigrate, and carry with them the important Knowledge not only of improving and encouraging, but of establishing. Cotton and Woollen Manufactories Abroad, which the Petitioners Submit will certainly be very prejudicial to the Commercial and General Interests of this Country: That the Manufactory of Clocks and Watches mult appear to be of great and peculiar National Importance, when it is considered how many Thousands of Artificers are employed therein; and that through the mere productive Operation of their Labour, the Materials used in the Machinery of those Articles are rendered from Fifty to Five hundred, and progressively, in many Instances, to more than One thousand Times their original Value: That, from these Considerations, the Petitioners are actuated by Motives of Duty, as well as Interest, to lay the foregoing Statement of Facts before the House, and, at the same Time that they intreat its Relief, to declare, that they arc desirous to contribute their full pecuniary Proportion to the Exigencies of the State, and the Support of the Constitution, but that, unless the Said Act be repealed, they will be totally unable so to do: And therefore praying, That the said Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, laying Duties on Clocks and Watches, may be repealed; and that the Petitioners may, if necessary, be heard, by themselves, and their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of this their Application.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition William Fenton Scott, Esquire, the Reverend Charles Cooper, Doctor in Divinity, Miles son, William Dawson, and Edward Whatmore, Gentlemen,

on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of, and Persons interested in, the Lands, and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Townships of Sicklinghall and Woodhall, in the Parish of O verb low, in the County of York, certain uninclosed Commons and Commonable Grounds, containing, in the Whole, 200 Acres, or thereabouts, which are, in their present State, capable of little Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the respective Proprietors, it would be greatly, to their Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforceand Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (D.), being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause (DO. the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, which directed that every Person assess'ed to the Duties on Horses, granted by Two Acts, 36 and 37 Geo. III. shall be charged with an additional Duty, equal to Twice the Amount of the Duties to which such Person is assessed, being read a Second Time, was amended.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Word " Assessed," the Words " for all Horses which he shall have kept and " used in the preceding Year."

And the Question being put, That those Words be 1 there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made 1 thereto, by adding at the End thereof these Words,

" Provided also, That no Person occupying a Farm,

" the Rent or Value of which shall be lets than£.150 " a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, shall " be chargeable with an additional Duty, greater than " the Amount of the said Duties to which such Person " is assessed for such Horses as are kept and used by " him in the Labours of Husbandry."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added; "

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause was further amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (P.), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause (P.), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, which directed that Persons prevented by Absence, Sickness, or any other unavoidable Accident, or by any other sufficient Cattle, from attending to make their Appeals, might appeal by other Persons properly authorized, being read a Second Time, was amended.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " or by any other " sufficient."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the said Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was further amended.

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Clause so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Schedule to which the Bill refers, being severally read a Second Time, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, writh Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

j Mr. John Smyth, )

(Mr. Douglas: j

(Mr. Wilberforce, \

IMr. Hawkins Browne:)

House adjourned *

38 Geo. III.

19® — 30® Decemhris.

i6p

Veneris, 2$ die Decemhris \

Anno 38® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1797.

fion of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seven;

on the Eleventh of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, as relates to the Exportation, and carrying Coastwise, of Wheat and Rye, and to the Importation of several Articles of Provision:

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of and being counted by Mr. Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of

__ Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen; , on the

not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Sixteenth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred Speaker took the Chair; and, having again Counted the and Ninety-five, and also, an Act, passed in the same House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not Year, Chapter Eighty; , on the Twenty-second

present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety -Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of five, and also, another Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth

Prayers:

'HE House met,

the Clock.

Royal Assent to Bills *

Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six; -

delic on the Fourteenth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, relating to the Admis-lion of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the Ifiuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one; , on the Twenty-eighth Day

of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations re MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of spefting the Trade and Commerce to and from The

~..... Cape of Good Hope:

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

Sabbati, 30° di Decemhris;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1797.

Prayers.

A the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme- omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications diate Attendance of tins Honourable House in the' rr.~« u.. t «... ««,i

House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De- Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House millaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Ninety-eight, to provide Admissions duly stamped; Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and

and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of His

Royal Highness the Duke of , His Royal Highness, the Duke of Gloucesterthe Lord Archbishop of

Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Portland, and the Lord Kenyon, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose until the First Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight: '

An Act to give further Time for executing, and for

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the last Session

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight:

An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and N inety-eight, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two; videlicet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, lor granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine:

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act, passed in the Sef-Yot. 33.

of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise and embody " a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland:"

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of " Foreign Protestants, who have served Abroad as " Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers, in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications :"

An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for taking down, and re-building, the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker, 1 The Lords have Commanded us to acquaint, this

X x House,

The Lords concur in R«-lolutiou refueling \atc AcU«

Mcdstead and Beritworth Inrloiurc Bill, 'Committed.

Bill to allow certain Militia Men to enlilt in other Forces, ordered.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Bill to allow certain Militia Men to enlist in other Forces, pre-s fented.

Report on Affelled Taxes additional Duty Bill, further consider-

\ ,

70 30 0 Decembris.A, 1797 *

House, That their Lordships d6 concur in the Resolution, communicated to them by Message from this House on Friday, the izd Day of this Instant December, relative to the Promulgation of the Sta tutes.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Ope A and Common Fields, in the Parishes of and

Bent worth, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Perceval, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing a certain Proportion of the Men raised in pur-l'uance of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces,' for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas',.Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Hujkijjon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House' will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

' for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing a certain Proportion of the Men, raised in pursuance of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That -the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the last of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being the Schedule to which the Bill refers, was read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, with 'several Amendments thereunto, agrefed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing a lcfler Rate of Duty to be paid for Houses used for the Reception of Lunatics.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing a Idler Rate of Duty to be paid for Houses or Rooms used for the Purpol'e of Public Resort'and Entertainment.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause- was offered to be added to the Bill, for lessening the Rate of Duty to be paid by Members of the Royal Academy of Arts.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, t<J be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Persons enrolled in the Yeomanry Cavalry , to claim an Exemption for One Horse.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Stage Coaches from the Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agtecd to by the House, be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Persons from'Payment of the Duty in respect of any Carriage which they shall have celled to use, after a certain Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the xQuestion put thereupon, agreed' to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Relief of Persons having served the Office of Sheriff1, or Offices in Corporations.

And the said Clause was Twice.read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was oftered to be added to the Bill, to allow Persons in the Yeomanry Cavalry to claim a certain Exemption.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added :o the Bill, That Person paying Composition for Hounds, shall not' be assessed at a higher Rate than in respect of such Composition.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no additional Rate shall be charged on the Amount of any Assessment made by virtue of the Provisional Cavalry Atls of last Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that Persons possessed of several Lodging , Houses shall be allefled for such Houses separately, and not on the Aggregate Amount of the Duties.'

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that any Person removing to a new built House, shall not be aUefled to a higher Rate than he was liable to in respect of the House from which he removed. ' ' 1

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that Persons removing from Houses affelled, shall' not be charge'd with the new Duty, but the actual Occupier. 1

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Home, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was- offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing further Time for entering Appeals in Cafes of Sickness or Accident.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon ihe Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be. made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Persons to appeal by their Agents, in Cafes of Sickness or Accident.

And

3 8 <3eo. III.

30° Decembthi

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ;Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Guardians and others to appeal for incapacitated Persons'.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Time for hearing Appeals against Assessments.

And the said Clatife was Twice read, with Blanks; Which being filled up, the said Clause w'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Time for . entering and hearing Appeals for Abatement on account of Income.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be uiade Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, respecting the Appointment of Collectors within the Bills of Mortality.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, appointing that the Collectors, if required, shall give Security for the Payment of the Money received by them.

And the said Clause was Twice' read, with Blanks;' Which being filled up,

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding at the End thereof these Words " Provided also, that no Security or Receipt to be given in pur-" fuance of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable " with any Stamp Duty whatsoever."

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " or Receipt."

And the Question being put, That the Words " or

Receipt" stand Part of the said first proposed Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Steely ] 34'

(Mr. John Smyth:

\ Mr. Ryder, (Mr. Perceval: } 4'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " Provided also, that no Security or Receipt to be " given in pursuance, of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever," be added at the End of the said Clause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative. ‘

And the said Clause, lo amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, appointing the Time for the Collectors making their Payments.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks? which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, £0 be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, respecting the Clerks to the Commissioners,

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be tedded to the Bill, Voi.. 53.

for Payment of reasonable Itxpenees of the Receiver General.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, so.r authorizing the Bank to give Receipts oh Account of Money paid to them towards the Supplies for the Year 1798, and that such Receipts shall be received in Payment by the Collectors of the Duties granted by this Act.

And the said Clatife was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for authorizing the Payment of Contributions into the Bank; to be applied to the Purposes of this Act. ( And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for authorizing Persons to pay Money into the Bank in advance of their Instalments.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. 1

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Methods of giving Receipts for such Payments.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be ddded to the Bill, directing that such Receipts may be given to the Collectors in Payment of the Duties imposed by this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause wds offered to be added to the Bill, directing that Persons delivering Receipts in dischargd of a certain Number of instalmeius shall have an Allowance by way of Interest.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Punishment of Persons forging Receipts.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank. And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with Words making the Offence a Capital Felony;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved', That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause,

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amend ment thereunto; which they had directed him to re port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him tp report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to'by the House; and the said Clause was added, by the House, to thq Bill.

Another

' by

172

30® Deccmbris. — -

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prolong the Time fot discharging Debts incurred for building Churches, and other Public Works, for the Relief of the Persons liable in respect thereof to the Payment of the Duties imposed by this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Blank be filled with the Word " Seven $' *

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

7 — - 'Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, 4».

So it passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the said Blank be filled with the Word " Three;"

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 138-

Tellers for the Noes, FMts,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Relief of Acting Justices of the Peace in certain Cafes, so far as relates to the Duties on Houses and Windows.

And the Question being put, that the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Persons who keep but One Horse, and no Male Servant.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up >

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting certain Houses inhabited by a Religious Society called Moravians.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt Persons who, after a Time to be limited, shall begin to keep a Carriage.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for facilitating the advancing of Money between Landlord and Tenant, for discharging the Duties imposed by this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, fJJr® \

(Mr. Ryder: $

Tellers for the Noes, J

(Mr. Pole Carew: 5

16.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

2° — 30 Januarii. . 1798.

Bill, as amended, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning neat. Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 2° die Januarii;

Anno 38° Georgii III,n Regis, 1798.

4

Prayers.

t

THE Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for allowing a certain Proportion of the Bill to alio# Men, raised in pursuance of Two Acts of the last Sef- certain lion of Parliament for augmenting the Militia, to enlist other e° into His Majesty's other Forces, for a Time to be li- Forces, co®> mited, was read a Second Time. mined.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Januarii;

Anno 38® Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Trustees for put- Doncaster

ting in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Road Petition. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from DoAcafler to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which still remains due; and that the Term ' of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and feme Amendments and Alterations made thereto: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wilberforce,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Norwich, Catlle of Norwich: And also, a‘ld

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in the Debtors Peti-Gaol, the Castle of York, in and for the County of tions,

York: And also,

A Petition

r

Petition fot confirming the Division of Ranworth Common Field.

Bozeat Inclc-ioLie Petition.

Siektinghal! InclrMure Bi prcltnted.

38 Geo. III.

3® Januarii.

'll

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol of Gloucester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying

Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Ranworth, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there being, within the said Parish, several Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which were subject to various Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Whole Year Lands, as well as the said Half Year or Shack Lands, being very inconveniently situated for the several Owners and Occupiers thereof, and the said Common Field Lands laying intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and being of little Value, the Petitioners and other Persons interested, conceiving it would be of great Advantage to all the Parties if such Rights of Shackage, Sheepwalk, and Common, were extinguished, and if all the said Lands and Grounds, Commons and Wastes, were divided, and specific Parts Or Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Proprietors, and all other Persons interested, according to their several Estates, Rights, and Interests, agreed thereto; and that by certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 18th Day of December 1797, the said Rights of Shackage, Sheepwalk, and Common, were agreed to be extinguished, and Commissioners were appointed for dividing and allotting the said Lands and Grounds, Commons and Wastes, to the several Proprietors, and all other Persons. interested, according to their several Estates, Rights, and Interests therein, and the Commissioners named in such Agreement have made their Award in the Premises, but which Agreement and Award, cannot be confirmed without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. AJiley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable George John Earl Spencer, the Right honourable Henry Earl of Suffix, the Right honourable Annabel Baroness Lucas, and the humble Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of Estates and Lands, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bozeat, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are - within the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, which, in their present State, arc incapable of any considerable Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be. given to bring in a Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, to and among the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: 'And that Mr. Dickinsand Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

! Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to VOL. 53;

Order, a Bill fot dividing and iftclosing a certain Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Sicklinghall withWoodhall, in the Parish of Kirkby

Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Persons, whole Names are there Plt‘t|on of 'unto subscribed, Copyhold arid Leasehold Tenants of hoUiTndOI>y the Manor of Rock borne or Whitsbury, or otherwise en- LeafehoUTe-titled to Lands and Hereditaments within the Parishes of Rockborne and Wliitsbury, was presented to the House, Ac. incloiu're and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allot- BlU‘ ting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fieids, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Rockborne, in the County of Southampton, and bury, in the County of Wilts; and Setting forth, That Richard Richardson, of the City of Bath, and George

Boswell, of Piddletown, in the County of Dorset, Gen-

tlemen, are appointed Commissioners for putting the AA in Execution, which Appointment was entirely without the Knowledge or Approbation of the Petitioners; and that all the Charges and Expences incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing the AA, and all other necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences, in and about carrying the same into Execution, are to be paid, borne, and defrayed, by the several Persons interested in the Lands, Grounds, and Premifies, intended to be divided arid allotted, or exchanged, except the ReAors ogthe said Parishes, which Clause the Petitioners apprehend is greatly injurious to them, and was inserted without their Knowledge or Content: And , therefore praying, That they may be permitted to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Clause, and such other Clauses in' the said Bill as they may be advised, when the said Bill shall go before a Committee.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InstruAion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

' /

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House- Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fjrtab Militia upon the Bill for allowing a certain Proportion of the Men to eniiit Men, raised in pursuance of Two Acts of the last Set- [",other I'or lion of Parliament for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr; Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- report ' mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One-; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Y y,

' \

Petition of Watchmakers of firiilol for Repeat of the Clock and Watcli Duty A6h

Debate on Motion for Third Reading of Aflefled Taxes additional Duty Bill, adjourned.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Resolution of the Lords, relative to the Promulgation of the Sututes.

30 — 4° Januarii.

174

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grolled.

A Petition of the Clock and Watch Makers of the City of Bristol ',was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, deeply impressed with a just Sense of the Necessity, at this important Crins, of supporting the extraordinary Exigencies of the State by every' Means in their Power, feel the most poignant Regret at being compelled to solicit the Interference of the House in Behalf of themselves, their Workmen, and their Families: That, in consequence of an Act, passed in the last Session, imposing an Annual Tax on Persons wearing Watches, or using Clocks, the Trade in those Branches is fo° much diminished as to amount nearly to an Annihilation thereof, whereby many excellent Workmen, with their Families, are reduced to the utmost Distress; and that the Business of the Petitioners has been already in a very high Degree affeftetf by the Tax, and they can, without Exaggeration, declare, that it will (unless speedily repealed i prive them of all Prospect of supporting themselves and Families, prevent their contributing to the present Exigencies of their Country, and eventually prove their utter Ruin: And therefore imploring the House to take their same into Consideration, and, by a Repeal of the said Act, to afford them the wished for Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Orde; of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the' Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; .

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

/ 1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of thd Clock.

Jovts, 40 die Januarii;

Anno 38® Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798. . Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Sj>eaker,

The Lords, having, taken into Consideration the ift, 3d, 4th, 5th, and 6th of the Resolutions which, in the lull Session, were agreed to by both Houses of Parliament, relative to the'Promulgation of the Statutes, and allb the Resolution of the House of Commons communicated to the Lords by Message on the 22d Day of December last, have come to the following Resolutions: Resolved, That the Copy Fee to be paid to the Clerk of the Parliaments, and the Clerk Assistant, by the Party or Parties interested in any Private Bill, who shall request a Clause to be inserted therein, that the fame

A. 1798.

may be declared a Public Act, shall be the same as is now paid, and has been established ever since the Year 1725, for the Copy of any Record or Proceeding of Parliament; videlicet, One Shilling for every Copy Sheet.

Resolved, That, in order to secure effectually to the Public 200 Copies of every such Private Bill so requested to be, and declared accordingly to be, a Public Act, the said Copy Fee'of One Shilling per Sheet shall be paid by the Party or Parties soliciting such Private Bill before the Third Reading thereof; and shall allb, before the Third Reading of such Bill, pay to His Majesty's Printer a Sum proportioned to the Rate of One Pound Five Shillings for every Twenty-five Copy Sheets that such Bill, when printed, shall contain. The Amount of such Copy Fee, and Expence of Printing, to be refunded to the Party or Parties soliciting such Bill, if the same shall not pass into a Law.

Resolved, That a Fee of Five Shillings upon every such Private Bill shall be paid to the Clerk of the Journals, the Clerk of the Papers, and the Doorkeeper attending the Private Committees, in lieu of the Emoluments which they have been used to receive from the same.

The Lords have agreed t#

Jolivet's Nat. Bill.

Schmiding Nat. Bill.

The Lord have palied Sack's Nat Bill.

The Lords have also agreed to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for naturalizing Henry Jolivel; without any Amendment: And allb, >

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lexus Sack , to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bill, read,-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing a certain Pro- Bill to allow portion of the Men, raised in pursuance of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament for augmenting the in other For-Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces, fora ces, paired. Time to be limited, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing, during the Continuance of the present War, a certain Proportion of the Men, raised in pursuance of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces, and to serve until Six Months after the Conclusion of a General Peace.'

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the . Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate on the Debate on Question proposed Yesterday, That the Bill (now in- Motion for grafted) for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited, be now read the Third Time.

And the Question being again proposed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day " Month."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

Third Reading of the Affelled Tuxes additional Duty Bill, re-' fumed.

The Noes went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

fMr. Sargent, 7

I Mr. J

fMr 7

fMr. William Smith: j So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Noes,

2O2.

75 *

Then

38 Geo. III.

6 O C /

4 — 5 Januant.

175

Bill read the Third Time *

Then the Question being put, That the said Bill be toow read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

} 196.

\ »»

So.it wa&resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.;

And the House being informed that several ingrafted Clauses were intended to be offered to be added, by Way of Ryders, and several Amendments proposed to be made, to the said Bill;

And an ingrafted Cldufe being offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for extending the Timd of appealing on Account of Income;

The said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon thri Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added t<5 the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing the Bank to give Certificates instead of Receipts.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to bd made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for prescribing the Manner

And it being near Five of the Clock on Friday of paying the Discount at the Bank, in Cales of prompt

Payment.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to And then the House adjourned till this Mofning, the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That Assessors and Col

Morning;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till this Day.

Eleven of the Clock.

Venerist 5° diJanuarii;

Anno 38 Georgii III. U Regis, 1798.

Prayer.

leftors of the present Duty shall be aiding and assisting in the Execution of this Act.

And the said Clause was brought tip, and Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

The Lerdt have agreed t6

Wegener Nat. Bill.

ttfchersN . Bill *

Ctfedzoy In dbfure Bill *

Hetherlbtt In elofure BUI.

_ , rrt. , That this House will, immediately, rel'olve

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ho If or d and Jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon t\ie

Ways and h leans, deferred.

A. Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

.The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Frederick Wegener \ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Augustus Frederick Piefchel; without any Amendment: And also, . v

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Commonable Pastures within the Parish of Chedzoyin the County o without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply gijmted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

fMr.

I Mr- William Smith:

{Mr. Wilberforce,

(Mr. Pole Carew:

S9 it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

}S7-

Affected Taxes additional Duty Bill, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on the Amount of certain Duties now charged by Assessment, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding. VOL. 53.

said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr . Hobarttook the Chair, of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thertluftto J which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

; Order id, That the Report be how received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byWay of Ryder, declaring. That Persons beginning to keep Carriages after the passing of this Act shall pay only a Angle Rate.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to exempt Hospitals and Houses for charitable Purposes.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read the Third Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to exempt Royal or Public Holpjtals.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon

the

176 5° Januarii.A. 1798.

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to exempt the Houses of Masters of Charity Schools.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It paired in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to allow an Abatement for Farm Houses on Persons leaving their Farms.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, describing Lodging Houses.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the Taid Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, respecting the Clerks to the Afflstant Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Thrice'read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for lowering the AssessV ment on the Houses of Persons living in the Country, and paying a certain Sum only for Servants, Horses, and Carriages.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time j and, upon' the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be. made Part of the BUI, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to exempt Taxed Carts.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upomthe Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to, be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting Coroners.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were feyerally proT posed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 33. To leave out " last mentioned."

Pr. 5. 1. 35. After " out" to insert " by such " Person."

Pr. 6. 1. 17. 1 v

and > To leave out " last mentioned." 18.J

Pr. 12. 1. 6. To leave out " in" and insert " for" instead thereof.

1. 29. To leave out "in" and insert "for"

instead thereof.

Pr. 13. 1. 13. To leave out from " respectively" to " without," in Line 14.

Pr. 14. 1. 2. After and" to insert " other."

1. 3./ After " fell" to insert " Wine," and to leave out from "Ale" to " and, " in Line 5, and insert " or other " Liquors by Retail" instead thereof.

1. 22. To leave out " Two" and insert " One" instead thereof, and to leave out from " Houses" to the End of Line 23.

1. 26. To leave out " Two" and insert " One" instead thereof.

1. 28. To leave out from " out" to " shall," in Line . 29, and insert " the " fame" instead thereof.

Pr. 15.

Pr. 16. Pr. 17.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1.

1.

12.

29.

34-

Si *

28.

7 *

12.

Pr. 19.

27-

5 *

34 *

Pr. 20. 1. 5;

Pr. 25. 1.

1.

1.

6.

1. 22.

Pr. 28. Pr. 30,

Pr. 44-Pr. 47. Pr. 49.

Pr. 50.

34.

24.

2.

24.

21.'

3°-

5-

Pr. 51.

Pr. 52. Pr. S3-

9 *

l7-

20,

22.

2 5 26.

35 *

37-

1.31.

To leave out from " Assessed" to " Provided" in Line 27.

To leave out " except as herein *

" after is excepted."

To leave out " Sixteen" and insert " Twenty-one" instead thereof. After " Years" to insert " and maintained by such Person at his " or her Expence."

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " Provided," in Line 3 6. After " charged" to infprt " during " such Year of Service."

After " Service" to insert " nor shall " he be liable to be so charged " after such Year of Service."

To leave out " such."

To leave out "or Value."

To leave out " Tenth" and insert " First," and to leave out " October" and insert ", November-' instead thereof.

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to "without," in Line 6. and insert " Time of hearing the " Appeal against the Assessment " to be made under this Adi" instead thereof. , '

To leave out from " Carriages" to " in," in Line 3.

After " Twice" to insert " in pursuance of an Act paffbd'in the " Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign " of His present' Majesty, and " used for the Purposes in' the " said Act mentioned, such Person duly observing the Regulations of the said Act, with ‘ " respect to such Carriages."

To leave out from " Person" to " for," in Line 24.

To leave, out " and."

After " the" to insert "immediate," To leave out " the" and insert " any" instead thereof.'

To leave out " shall" and insert " may" instead thereof.

To leave out from "Adt"'to " to," in Line 31.

After " Assessors ' to insert " and " Collectors."

After " Assessors" to insert " and " Collectors."

After " respectively" to insert "or " the Commissioners for executing "' this Act, or any Two or more " of them, where no Assistant " Commissioners are named." After " Places" to insert " or Districts."

To leave out " Assessors" and insert " Collectors" instead thereof.

To leave out " Exemption or" and insert " Income" instead thereof. After " obtain" to insert " an Exemption or."

To leave out " Aflistant" and insert " respective" instead thereof.

1 To leave out " Aflistant" and insert " respective" instead thereof.

To leave out " by" and insert " with " or without" instead thereof.

To leave out " following."

To leave out from " prevented" to " from," in Line 39.

To leave out front " Hands" to " Provided," in Pr. 54. 1. 3.

Pr. 55.

0

38 Geo. III.

fanUarii.

177

Pr- 55- J- 7 *

I. 8.

1 9.

Pr. 56. 1. 8.

1. 15.

1. 23.

1. 28. Pr. 57. 1. 9.

1. 23.

1. 24.

58. 1. 19. Pr. 59. I. 22.

I. 24.

Pr. 61. I. 1. ! 3-

L 4.

1. 12. 1. 19. 1. 20. 1. 21.

35 *

Pr. 62. 1. 9.

1. 17. Pr. 63. 1. 4. 1. 13. 1. 311.

1- 34 1. 36.

1. 38 *

Pr. 64. 1. S. 1. 32.

VOL. 53.

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " any," in Line 8.

To leav6 out " other."

To leave out " to be allowed as " aforesaid." .

'To leave out "Ten" and insert " Fifteen" instead thereof.

After- " Commissioners" to insert " for executing this Act."

After " Commissioners" to insert " for executing this Act."

To leave out " feme."

After " Belief" to insert " or of the " Person making such Declaration " on his or her Behalf."

To leave out " said," and after " Commissioners" to insert " for " executing this Act."

To leave out from " them" to " cause," in Line 36, and insert " on Proof before them, or on the " Certificate of the said Assistant " Commissioners, or any Three or t " more of them to" instead thereof. After " fame" to insert " on Proof " thereof."

To leave out the second "or" and insert " on Proof before them, or on the " Certificate of" instead thereof.

To leave out from " them" to " cause," in Line 37, and insert " to" instead thereof.

To leave out " paid" and insert " payable" instead thereof.

After " videlicet" to-insert " on the " 5th Day of Aprilthe 5th Day of

" June, the 5 th Day of the

" 5th Day of OBob the 5 th Day " of December, and the 5th Day of " February in every Year; and that "‘the Payments shall be made."

To leave out " One Week" and insert " Ten Days" instead thereof.

To leave out " One Week" and insert " Ten Days" instead thereof.

To leave out " the Whole" and insert " lo much" instead thereof.

To leave out " which" and insert " as" instead thereof.

To leave out " One Week" and insert " Ten Days" instead thereof. After " the" to insert " County."

To leave out from " required" to " the," in Line 10, and insert " by" instead thereof.

After " Parishes" to insert " give " good and sufficient Security."

To leave out " former" and insert " additional" instead thereof.

To leave out " former" and insert " additional" instead thereof.

To leave out from the second "Time" to " any," in Line 32, and insert " pay" instead thereof.

To leave out " not paid within" and insert " which he or they shall " receive after" instead thereof.

To leave out " pay the same in like " Manner."

After " Deputies" to insert " at such " Times as the said Receiver General shall appoint."

To leave out " of Collection."

After " them" to insert " such Sum " as the said Commissioners, with " the Approbation of the Com-

Pr. 67. 1. 19. 1. 21.

Pr. 68. 1. 4-1. 31.

Pr. 71. Pr- 73' Pr- 75

Pr. 76.

1. 15.

1. 6.

1. 27.

1. 9-

1. 24.

J- 33-1- 34-

if

P/- 77- 1 7-

Pr. 78. 1. 16. 1. 39-

Pr. 79. Pr. 80.

1.

1.

1. 1.

Pr. 82. 1.

Pr. 83.-I. 32 1- 37-

Pr. 86. 1. 26. Pr. 87. 1. 39-1. 40.

Pr. 89. 1. 28 Pr. 96. 1. 13

u missioners of the Treasury, shall " allow, not exceeding."

To leave out " Amount of each " such."

To leave out " added to" and insert " return together, with" instead thereof.

To leave out " added to" and insert " returned with" instead thereof. After " shall" to insert " if neectfary." *

After " Oath" to insert " or Affirmation."

After " Corporate" to insert at " any Time or Times during the " Continuance of this A<£c."

After " Persons" to insert " at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act."

To leave out from " shall" to the End of Line 15.

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Line 27. To leave out from " upon" to " the," in Line 34.

To leave out from " Payments" to the End of Line 36.

After " as" to insert " the Person " delivering the same shall indorse thereon and."

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to "the," in Line 17.

To leave out " a" and insert " any" instead thereof, and to leave out from " Sum" to " on," in P. 79. 1. r. and insert " of Money" iii stead thereof.

After " received" to insert " without " further Proof."

After " any" to insert " Certificate " or Certificates or." After"such"to insert "Certificateor." After " such" to insert "Certificate." After " or" to insert " knowingly." After " altered" to insert " Certificate or Certificates or."

32- 1

and > To leave out " of Pounds."

33- 3

To leave out " are" and insert " is" instead thereof.

After " Money" to insert " not exceeding the Sum of Eight Millions."

To leave out " of Pounds."

To leave out " for the Purchase."

To leave out " aforesaid" and insert " of the Annuities which may be " created on the Loan of the said " Sum, not exceeding Eight Millions as aforesaid" instead thereof.

After " before" to insert " the Date " of such Orders."

To leave out " Three" and insert " Ten," instead thereof.

After " Years" to insert

The Annual Value of " such Houses or other " Buildings shall be taken according to the " fair Rent at which the " same might be let " clear of all Reprizes." To leave out " Seventh" and insert " Eighth" instead thereof.

Z z Pr. 96.

7-

28.

1. 32. 1. 34-35-37-

1. 14.

7th Cafe, — Owners of " Houses or other Buildings occupying the " fame.

1. 15

178

Pr. 96. 1. 29. Pr. 97. 1. i.

1. 16.

I. 18. 1. 19.

5 — 11

After " Gains" to insert in."

To leave out " -Eighth" and insert " Ninth" instead thereof.

To leave out from " Allowances" to the Second " to" in Line 17. After " such" to insert " Child or." To leave out from " or" to the End of Line 24,' and insert " other " Relations, not making a Part " of the Family of such Appellant," instead thereof.

Januariu

A. 1798.

Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Township of Kirkby-Overblow, in the Parish of

O, in the County of York, a certain uninclosed; Common and Commonable Grounds, containing, in the Whole, One hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which are, in their present State, capable of little Improvement, and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the respective Proprietors, it would be greatly to their Advantage: And

____, _____________ therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in

Pr. 98. h 30. To leave out " Allowance by Way a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such of Pin Money," and insert Regulations as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pr. 99. 1. 14.

Payment" instead thereof.

To leave out from " Rents" to " and" in Line 15.

I.21. After " Average" to insert 3d, Deductions by Per- " The Amount of Pre " fons having Estates " for Life or Lives only,

" in Addition to any " other Deduction be-4‘ fore mentioned.

Pr. 100. 1. 8.

To leave

after " Curator" " Committee."

" miums for Insurance " paid out of their Incomes to secure a Provision for themselves " orany of their Families, " or for the Benefit of " their Creditors after " their Decease." out the first " or," and

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Certain Common sickiinghaii and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of inclosure Bill, Sickiinghaii withWoodkall ,in the Parish of commuted *

blow, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

to insert " or

I.

27.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petitions of After " Belief" to insert " having the reunto subscribed. Watch Manufacturers, Mailers, Coventry " made from the said Income no and Workmen, resident in the City of Coventry, was Ld iTndo£,

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That &.c-for the Petitioners, before the Act of the last Session was °n watda passed, for granting a Duty on Clocks and Watches, Duty Ait. were regularly employed in the manufacturing of Watches, chiefly for Home Trade, by which they earned a comfortable Maintenance for themselves and Fami-

" other Deductions than such as " are specified in the Schedule

" annexed to the said Act."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Supply, deferred.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title liesand that, by the passing of the said Act, the Peti-be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and tioners have been plunged into sudden and unforeseen

....._ - . - - --- Ruin, and the.Trade is so much injured, that the

Mailers cannot above half employ the Petitioners, whereby they and their Families are very much and unexpectedly distressed; and that the Demand for Watches is so much lessened, that the Mailers are not able to dispose of the Stock in Hand, it will be therefore im-

Contribution for the Prosecution of the War.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday possible for them to give any Employment to the Peti-

kick's Nat. Bill, committed.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Jo vis, 110 die Januarii;

Anno' 38 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

tioners, who, with their Families, will be destitute of Bread, and totally ruined, the principal Part of their Employment since the passing of the Act having been afforded by the Mailers from Motives of Charity, and in the Hope of the Duty being taken off; and that the Mailers will be so much injured by a Continuance of the Duty, that it will not be in their Power as Trades-men to support their Credit; and that the Petitioners and their Families have been, and are now, so much distressed, that, unless the said Act is immediately repealed, the greater Part of them mull, instead of a comfortable Subsistence acquired by their Industry, throw themselves and Families upon the Parishes, whose Poor Rates, collected with extreme Difficulty, already amount to Eleven Shillings in the Pound: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take into serious Consideration the Matter of their Petition, and that the said Act for granting a Duty on Clocks and Watches

_____ACl for naturalizing Lewis Sack, was read a. Se- may be repealed, and that the Petitioners may (if ne-

cond Time. ceflary) be heard, by themselves and their Counsel, at

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John the Bar of the House, in Support of this their Pcti-Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.:

Afternoon, at Five of Chamber.

And they are to meet this the Clock, in the Speaker's

Kirkby-Oyer blow inclo-lttrt Petition,

A Petition of Samuel Shore, Esquire, William Fenton Scott, Esquire, the Reverend Charles Cooper, Doctor in Divinity, John Stables, Peter. Harland, and John Pool, Gentlemen, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of, and Persons interested in, the Lands and

tion.

A Petition of the Workmen employed in the different Branches of Clock and Watch-qiaking, within the Cities of London and fV estminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the Vicinities thereof, whose Names ace thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, fully sensible of the Privilege they enjoy as British Subjects, of laying at all Times their Complaints before the Legislature of their

Country,

V

38 Geo. III.

it JanuariL

179

Country, beg Leave to solicit the serious Attention of the House to the Fails they now lay before them: That, the Encouragement which the Mechanical Arts have of late Years received in Great Britain having wonderfully operated as a Stimulus to the Industry and In genuity of the Petitioners, the Branches of Trade in

their Petition namely, the- total Repeal of the said Act,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table *

Fournier Nat. Petition *

A Petition of John Yeomah, now

which they have been employed have been rapidly im residing in the Parish of in the County of proving, both with respect to Excellence of Workman Devon, was presented to the House, and read j Pray-ship, and Extenfivenels of Demand for the Articles of ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his their Production, and the Abilities of the Petitioners Naturalization *

have been exerted in contributing to wife the Reputa- Order, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, action of their Country, and maintaining the Superiority cording to the Prayer of the said Petition i And that

it has ever been proud of, by excelling in those Arts Mr. John Pitt and Mr Hobart do prepare, and bring in,

wherein other Nations have hitherto in vain endea- the same voured to rival them; and that the Petitioners are now

under the painful Necessity of Rating to the House Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That icing's MeA that, in consequence of an Act, passed in the last Sef- he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, [n®'he calling lion, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to out of the Sup-

Clocks and Watches, all the Hopes they had enter the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the

Members of the House being uncovered) and is as fol loweth; viz.

tained, and the Advantages they enjoyed, by these Exertions, are entirely done away, and many Thou sands of the Petitioners,. who were formerly enabled to support themselves and Families with Decency and Comfort, are now, from the Want of Employment, re duced to a State of Want and Misery,. of Poverty and

GEORGER.

His Majesty thinks propef to acquaint the House of Commons, that His Majesty has received Various Ad *

Wretchedness; and that the Petitioners humbly appeal vices of Preparations made, and Measures taken, in

to the Feelings of the House, whether Men, who have formerly been accustomed to live in Credit and Reputation, and have many of them paid Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, can long endure the mortifying Circumstances of applying to their Parishes for a tcmpo-'rary Relief, or of being compelled to dispose of their

Frame, apparently in pursuance of the Design, openly and repeatedly professed, of attempting the Invasion of these Kingdoms *

His Majesty is firmly persuaded that, by the Zeal, Courage, and Exertion, of His Subjects, struggling for whatever is most dear to them, such an Enterprize, if

Furniture, and even the Implements of their Trade, to attempted, will terminate in the Confusion and Ruixl procure the Necessaries of Life for themselves and Fa- Gf those who may be engaged in it: But His Majesty, nulies; these, however, are the dreadful Alternatives to in His anxious Concern for the Safety and Welfare of which Thousands of the Petitioners are already reduced His feithful People> feels it incumbent on Him to omit by the Operation of the said Act and while the aged no suitable Precaution which may contribute to theitf among them, from the Pressure of their Misfortunes, Defence at so important ji Conjuncture His Majesty, have no other Prospect than that of spending the Re therefore, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last mainder jof their Days in a Panlh Workhouse, the Session of Parliament, for providing for the Augmenta-

younger Part, particularly the Apprentices, from there being no longer any Incentive to Industry, are unfortunately contracting Habits of Idleness, and are likely to become a Burthen, if not a Pest, to Society, of which they might otherwise have been the Ornament and Support and that the Petitioners humbly submit to the House the peculiar Hardship of their Situation in being thus suddenly deprived of the only Means of Support, and their Hopes of maintaining themselves and Fami

tion of the Militia, has thought it right to make this Communication to the House of Commons, to the end that His Majesty may cause the said Militia, or such Part thereof as He shall think necessary, to be drawn out and embodied, and to march as Occasion shall require *

G. R.

Resolved, tfemine That an humble Ad- Address

lies entirely cut off; and they beg Leave to represent dress be presented to His Majesty, to return His Ma- 1 ereuPon to the House that, unless speedy and effectual Relief jesty our dutiful Thanks for graciously communicating be afforded them, they must, either collectively or in- to this House, that He has received various Advices of dividually, be under the painful Necessity of applying Preparations made, and Measures taken, in France, appa-for Permission to quit their native.Country, and endea- rently in pursuance of the Design, openly and repeatedly your to obtain in Foreign Parts that Encouragement professed, of attempting the Invasion of these Kingdoms and Support which they unfortunately are deprived of Toaffure His Majesty, that He may rely on the con-at Home; and that the Petitioners, while they lament tinued and decided Support of this House, in this im-the Operation of the said Act upon themselves and Fa- portant Conjuncture; and that we are firmly persuaded milies, humbly beg Leave to assure she House, that that the Zeal and Courage of His faithful Subjects, they by no Means charge the Legislature with an Act struggling for all that is- most dear to them, will be of lnjustice towards them, far be it from the Petition- vigorously exerted in repelling every I.nfult, and will, ‘ ers for a Moment to suppose that it was ever the Inten under the Blessing of Providence, be effectual for dif-tion of the House to discourage the useful and ingenious appointing the ambitious and extravagant Designs of

the Enemy, and turning them to the Confusion of those who may be engaged in them.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Arts, or to injure and oppreis them as Individuals, nor can they believe that it was at all suspected by any Member of the House that such would be the unfortunate Effects of the said Act; and that, under this Con viction, the Petitioners look up to the House with Hope and Confidence, they pledge themselves to prove, if permitted, at the Bar of the House, that no Exaggeration of Fasts, no Representation of Evils which do not exist, has been suffered to appear before the Hoqfe:

And, if the Petitioners shall have succeeded in drawing the Attention of the House to the real Caule of their present Distress, they will venture to hope that the House will not long hesitate to grant them the Prayer of Amendment: Apd also Vot. 53.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting toHis Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; without any

The

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for granting an Aid for Prosecution of the War. „

180

i i ° Jamafiu

A. 1798-

Bill to allow Persons in the Supplementary' Militia to enliffc in oth'er Forces.

Lifted Inclosure Bill.

The Lords

have passed Lord Bray-,bnooke'sName Bill.

Fnzard's Divorce Bill.

Tewkesbury

Flection — Petition of Mr. Moore.

Tewkesbury

FJeft ion — Petition of Electors.

The Lords have agreed/to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing, during the Continuance of the prefect War, a certain Proportion of the Men, raised in pursuance of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces, and to serve until Six Months after the Conclusion of a General Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Waste or Common, called Eljled Marsh, within the several Parishes of Eljled and Trot ton, or One of them, in the County of Sitjfex; without kny Amendment: And also,

The Lords have palFed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Richard Lord

Braybrooke, 'Baron of Braybrooke, and Richard Henry Neville, George Neville, and William Neville, and all and every other Son and Sons of the said Richard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, and their Issue Male, respectively, when they shall respectively become beneficially entitled to the Possession, or to the Rents and Profits of certain Estates, devised by the Will of the late Right honourable John Griffin, Lord Howard Walden, and Lord Braybrooke, deceased, or shall become entitled to the Peerage of the Barony of Braybrooke, in Possession, to use and take the Surname, and bear the Arms of Griffin, pursuant to the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Fozard with Sarah Sophia Leckie, his now Wife, and to enable hifn to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at tl\e late Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of William Esquire, who

had accepted the Office of Governor of the Bahama JJlands, Christopher Codrington, Esquire, George Toilet, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that on the Close of the Poll, the Petitioner ought to have been returned as the Representative of the said Borough, inasmuch as the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and the said Christopher Codrington, Esquire, by lteafon of his Office of One of the Bailiffs of the said Borough, who are the Returning Officers of the same Borough, was disqualified from being elected at the said Election to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, but, by undue Influence, and divers corrupt and illegal Practices, has nevertheless caused himself to be returned, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in manifest Violation of Law: And therefore praying the House to take the same into their Consideration, and to do as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken info Consideration upon Thursday, the 2 ad Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of George Vaughan, William Warner, and Thomas Waring, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of William Dowdeswell, Esquire, who l\ad accepted the Office of Governor of the Bahama JJlands, Christopher Codrington, Esquire, Peter Moore, and George Tdiet, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the Bailiffs of the said Borough for the Time being are the Returning Officers of the said Borough, and by their Charter are elected annually, and continue in Office for One Year, and until Two other Persons are duly elected and sworn into the said Office; and that on the second Thwfday in October, 1796, Two Persons were duly

elected and sworn into the said Office of Bailiffs of thtf said Borough; and that on Thursday the 12th Day of October, 1797, being the feebnd Thursday in that Month, and iuph second Thursday in October being the usual Annual Day of Election of Bailiffs for the said Borough,

Two other Persons, namely John Darke, Esquire, and the said Christbpher Codrington, wefe duly elected Bailiffs

of the said Borough for the then ertftiing Year, and the said John Darke was duly sworn into the said Office; and that there hath not been at any Time since any other due Election of a Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said Borough; and that at the said late Election of a Burgess to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough after the said John Darke and Christopher Codrington had been elected Bailiff's, as aforesaid, the said John Darke and one Rich ard Jenkins, Esquire, who pretended to be One of the Bailiffs of the said Borough, took upon them to act aS Bailiffs of the said Borough, and took the Poll at the said Election of a Burgess, and have returned the said Christopher Codrington, Esquire, the Person so elected Bailiff of the said Borough, as the Representative of the said Borough; and that the said Christopher Codrington, Esquire, having by Collusion with the said pretended Returning Officers, and by divers Acts of.

Bribefy and Corruption, and divers unlawful Threats and Menaces against the Electors of the said Borough, by himself, his Agents, and others, on his Behalf, procured a colourable Majority of Votes at the said Election, which said Election and Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough are contrary to the Constitution of the said Borough, injurious to the Rights of the Petitioners, and, as the Petitioners conceive, contrary to the Law and Usage of Parliament:

And therefore praying the House to take the same into their Consideration, and to do as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken- into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant-, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Mr. Fordyce presented to the House, pursuant to the First Report Directions of an Act of Parliament, of the survey-

The First Report of the Surveyor General of His Ma- the Land"Re-jesty's Land Revenue, in pursuance of the Adl for the venue, prebetter Management of the Land Revenue of the fellte ‘ Crown. '

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read; and is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The First Report of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, in obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Management " of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for " the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents."

The Act of Parliament above referred to is one of Act 34 Ge . th Measures adopted by Government, in consequence IL in

of the Reports of

the Com mi f-lioners of the Land Revenue.

6 Geo. III. C. 87.

A new System

of Management recommended by tHofe Com-jniihoners.

Defers in the former Ma- xttgement *

* tb Report,

Page 3 .

12 th Report, Page 35-

Alterations

proposed.

tsth and 17th Reports.

In the Form of the Leases.

38 Geo. III. ii0 Januarii 181

of the Reports of the Commissioners who 'were appointed by an Act, passed in the Year 1786, " to enquire into the State and Condition of the' Woods,

" Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown," and to " suggest such Plans for the future Management and Improvement of those Estates, as they should think best calculated to render them most " productive and advantageous to His Majesty and the " Public."

Those Commissioners, after a minute and laborious Investigation, the Result of which was stated in Seventeen different Reports to Parliament, pointed out the Defects and Errors in the ancient Mode of Management, under which little Benefit had arisen to the Crown, or the Public; and recommended, instead of it, a System totally different, and from \phich a gradual Increase of Revenue, to a very considerable Amount, and many other Advantages, might be expected to arise.

The most material of those Defects were stated to

and advised that proper Clauses for the Preservation and Improvement of the Property should be introduced:

That Leases of Houses or Building Ground should *

be authorized to be granted for 99 Years, instead of Building 50 Years, to which the Crown was confined by the Tease.

Civil List Act of Queen Anne; the Power of granting Leases for that longer Term being found advantageous in the Management of private Estates:

That Leases of Houses, except where re-building Perils of A -was necessary, should not be renewed till'within 20 new 1. Years of the End of the existing Terms, nor Leases of Lands till within 5 Years; so that only One Renewal should take place in the Course of any Lease:

That no Fines should be taken for Land Estates or Proportion) Building Ground, and that the Fines to be taken for of Fine and Houses should not exceed the Proportion of One Third enU‘

Part of the Annual Value, and in no same be computed at more than the highest legal Interest c

be; '

1 ft. That Leases were granted, frequently, without having Surveys taken of the Property, and that the Surveys, when taken, were never confirmed by the Oath of the Surveyor, nor any other Means employed for ascertaining the Value of the Estates which could be attended with Expence, no Fund being provided for defraying that Charge.

2dly. That Lessees were permitted to renew their Leases, as often as it happened to suit their Convenience; and that the Expence of the Lease, which, in consequence of the Fees payable at the different Offices, is known to be great, being deducted from the Fine, was no Loss to the Tenants, but a heavy Burthen on the Estate of the Crown.

3dly. That at least Seven-Eighth Parts of the Value were taken in Fine, and only One-Eighth Part in Rent; and that the Fines were, in all Cases, computed at very high Rates of Interest; the wasteful Effect of which Mode of proceeding was, that the Crown actually received more from the One-Eighth Part let for Rent, than from the Seven-Eighth Parts for which Fines were taken.

That the new Rents to be reserved should be clear of New Rents to all Deductions, so as effectually to guard against the former Error, by which Land Tax had been very commonly Twice allowed:

That all Fees and Perquisites should be prohibited, Feestobeabo-and adequate Salaries given instead of them: Uflied *

That all the remaining Fee Farm Rents belonging to Fee Farm the Crown should be fold, and the Price invested in to the £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities: 0

That when Vacancies should happen in the Offices Number of of the Receivers, the Number should be gradually re- e lelfcned10 duced, and a less expensive Mode adopted in the Col- |yth Repo‘t

Page 20.

lection of the Rents:

That instead of the separate Offices of Surveyor Ge- A Board robe neral of the Crown Lands, and Surveyor General of the established Woods and Forests, a Board should be established, to consist of Three Commissioners, for the Management of the Whole:

And, that Reports should be made to Parliament, Reports to be at stated Periods, in which a full Account should be Par *

given of their Proceedings, and of the Improvements made, and at what Expence.

4thly. That Crown Leases were passed through various Offices, apparently instituted as Checks on their mutual Proceedings; but that no Benefit arose from th t Regulation, the Offices not having any useful Connection or Communication with each other; in consequence of which it had happened that the Land Tax was very commonly Twice allowed to the Lessee, by which Error alone a Loss was sustained of about £. 1,500 or £. 1,600 per Annum.

5thly. That no Copies, Entries, or Counterparts of the Leases were kept in the Office of the Surveyor Ge-. neral, so that the Officer to whole Care the Protection of the Estate was principally committed, had not before him the Covenants to be observed by the Lessees.

And finally, that, by injudicious Provisions in the Civil List Act of Queen Anne, those who were entrusted with the Management were restrained, in Cafes where more Latitude would have enabled them to improve the Estate; and too much Power was given to them where the Advantages of the Lessees, and the Perquisites of the Officers, could be most increased, and the Interest of the Crown most injured.

The Commissioners therefore advised that this unwise System should be abolished; and they explained very fully the Principles on which the Plan of Management and Improvement propostd instead of it was founded.

They suggested "Alterations in the Form of the Leases, Vox.. 53.

And after observing, that the Writings relative to 17th Report, the Estates of the Crown were dispersed through many Page ' different Offices of Record, and Repositories of Public Papers, and that much of their Time had been taken up, and considerable Expence incurred, in searching for them, the Commissioners advised, that in the Office office to be which they recommended to be established, should be kept and arranged, not only the Entries, Counterparts, tion of Books, and Assignments of all Leases, but all Surveys, and Surveys, and other written Documents tending to shew the Rights ,f>ocu of the Crown in any of its Estates, or Copies of them, where any Objection should be found to arise to the Removal of the Originals from the Places where they were deposited: And that distinct Calendars should be made of those Documents, and Registers of all Grants containing any Remainder or Limitation in favour of the Crown.

The Object of the Act of Parliament referred to was Objea of the to carry into Effect the System thus recommended, in 34 Geo. the Management apd Improvement of the demised Estates of the Crown, and the Sale of Fee Farm Rents:

And the Board proposed by the Commissioners of the The Execu-Land Revenue not having been yet appointed, the Exe- JeTtothe'iur-cution of those Measures has, in the mean Time, been veyor General, committed, by that Act of Parliament, to the Surveyor " uTcf the' General, acting under the Controul of the Treasury. Treasury.

The same Establishment of Officers/which it was officers ap-thought would have been necessary for the Execution of that Business under a Board, was, accordingly, ap-

3 A pointed

182

11

Januarii.

A. 1798.

pointed for his Assistance; and the House and Office formerly provided for the Surveyor General in Somerset sj G«o. III. Place, under the Authority of an Act of Parliament,

c- 31- passed in the Year 1775, having been found necessary for the Accommodation of the Offices of the Duchy of Cornwall and Duchy of , and the Pipe Office,

House and of- another House and Office have been built for the Sur-&ce provided. Veyor General, in which there is provided an arched Report tory, so as to be safe from the Danger of Fire, for the Preservation of the numerous Plans, Books, and other useful Documents relating to the Estates of the Crown, as recommended by the Commissioners in the Reports before referred to.

Particulars to Pursuing the Advice of those Commissioners, the Act aVlTIu-'0 of Parliament requires, that in every Third Year the ture. Surveyor General shall report to His Majesty, !tnd to

both Houses of Parliament, what Leases or Grants shall have beejfomade of any Part of the Land Revenue, and for what Terms; the Annual Value of the Premifies comprized in such Leases, as returned on Oath by the Persons employed to survey the lame, and the Annual Value of the same Premifies by former Surveys thereof; the Rents reserved on such Leafas or Grants; the Fines paid for the same, and upon what other Considerations such Leases shall have been granted; and the Rents and Fines which were reserved and paid for the preceding Leases or Grants: He is also required to report the Amount of all Fee Farm Rents which shall have been , sold by virtue of the said Act, the Purchase Money

paid for the same, and the Amount of the £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased there-" with; " and all such 'other Matters and Things touching or concerning the said Land Revenue, or any " Part thereof, as to the said Surveyor General shall " seem proper or necessary to be contained and set forth in such Reports."

Proceeding Under these Circumstances, and this being the First ttemwpfan PeP?rt which the Surveyor General has made to the into Execu- Legislature since the parting of that Act of Parliament, tion. he conceives it to be incumbent on him to state, not

only what his Proceedings have been in carrying the new System of Management into Effect, but what general Regulations he has proposed to the Treasury to be established for his Guidance, and that of his Successors in Office; and in order to do this in the clearest Manner, without swelling this Report to an improper Length, he will place in the Appendix Copies of some of the Memorials or Letters to the Treasury, in which the most material of those Regulations have been proposed, together with the Answers from that Board. On a Reference to those Documents, a Judgment may be more easily formed whether the Principles of that System have been uniformly kept in View, and whether the Measures which the Surveyor General has recommended are well calculated to produce, in the End, that Improvement in the Land Revenue of the Crown which the Public has been led to expect.

Progrefi of On a new Plan of Management of a Property such rSnude- 35 that of the Crown, chiefly granted on Leases, ending prod ob tfae at different, and some at very distant Periods, it is ob-v ous that the actual Improvement, in point of Reve-ixain. nue, can proceed no falter than the Leases expire; except in Cafes where, by Treaty and Arrangement with the Lessees, they may be induced to surrender their present Grants, by obtaining a Share in the Advantages -of the Improvements projected; a Mode of accelerating those Improvements which, since the parting of the late Act of Parliament, has been tried with Success.

Th« principal The principal Object in the Outset is, to introduce K nnin to "uch Rules and Precedents, and to establish such a titabiifii p'o- Course of Practice in the Business of the Office, as, , A cn confirmed by Uniformity in the Proceedings, may ore caj. render it difficult, at any future Time, to depart from 6

that Plan of Improvement, and revert to the former wasteful Management.

After these preliminary Observations, which the Cir- The demifed cumstances seemed to call for, the Surveyor General cfow how ‘ humbly reports to this Honourable House, That the situated. demised Estates of the Crown, which comprehend the greater Part of what is under his Management, consist of a great Number of Manors, Lands, and Houses, dif-perfect in almost every County of England and Wales.

The most valuable Part of that Property is situated in London and Westminster, in which there are about London and 1,900 Houses belonging to the Crown, exclusive of the Westminster. Palaces, Public Offices, and other Buildings of a Public Nature, and of Houses possessed in Right of Offices; and besides Lands of very considerable Extent, so closely adjoining to the Town as to make it probable that, after Peace shall be restored, a great deal may be fot as Building Ground.

This being the Part of the Crown's Estate not only The earliest of the greatest Value at present, but susceptible also of t[ suj1£"due the greatest Improvement, it naturally called for the provoneat. earliest Attention.

Many entire Streets belong to the Crown, and considerable Districts most advantageously situated, but co-. vered with Buildings of very little Value, the Accels to them in many Places inconvenient, and the Streets or Lanes narrow and irregular.

Under these Circumstances, it appeared obvious that Necessity of the Property could not be brought to its highest State GenendPlan of Improvement solely by a Consideration of the fepa- madeofthi rate Parts comprized in different Leases, as Applications Part of the might be made for Renewals; and that a general View roperty should be taken of the Whole, before determining what Leases should be renewed, or what Alterations or Improvements might be practicable and advantageous.

But though there were detached Plans of almost every Part of the Crown's Property in Houses and Building Ground, there was no accurate General Plan of the Whole, from which the relative Connection between the different Parts could be traced: Nor, indeed, A General could such a Plan have been necessary under the former System of Management. The Idea of any Improve- the former ment of the Property, by an Enlargement or Alteration Management, of the Streets, the Removal of any Buildings irregularly situated, the opening of any new Accel's to them, or altering the Size or the Number of the Houses, I'o as to accommodate them to the Demand, or the Taste of the Times, seems not to have occurred, or, if it did occur, to have been deemed impracticable.

The Changes which had taken place in the Manner of leafing this Part of the Property had, indeed, an of-pofite Tendency, and had rendered any such Improvement much more difficult. Formerly a considerable Number of Houses, often entire Streets, and in some Instances several Streets, were granted in One Lcale; and these reverting to the Crown at the same Time,'

Alterations of this Nature might have been found easily practicable: But it had happened that, where a Lessee had fold his Interest in any One or more of the Houses comprized in his Lease, the separate Parts of the Property had been afterwards considered as distinct Estates, and reversionary Leases of those Parts had been granted separately to the Purchasers, without any Care having been taken that the Leases of the different Parts should terminate at the same Time; and thus, in every such Instance, a new Obstacle had been thrown in the Way of the general Improvement.

To prevent the Continuance of that Evil, and to Such a Han remedy it as far as might be practicable, the Surveyor General represented those Circumstances in a Memorial appendix, to the Treasury; and proposed, that a General Plan . (a.)

should

38 Geo. III.

11

Januarii.

i83

and the Opinion of Arch iteiSts taken, as to Alterations and Improvements.

Ordered by 4be Treasury. Appendix N® iv (B.)

Flan taken in confluence.

Imped intents to the immediate Progreis of Improve-

Various Improvements luggeited by the Surveyor General.

In Whitehall and Scotland Yards.

Appendix, N° s.

laMaryfeone Park Bi e.

Appe nd ix, K« 3. (A.) K» 3- (B.)

should be made of the Whole of the Crown's Eftatd in London and Westriiinster % , and that gradually, or a£

Applications for Grants or Renewals of Leases should occur, the Opiniop and Report of an Architect of Eminence might be obtained, not relative to the State and Value of the Property applied for only, but to the Street or District in which it was situated, and to the Improvements w4»ich were practicable; advising, at the same Time, that in every future Report of the Surveyor General to the Treasury, Reference should be had to the Opinion of the Architect who had been employed, and that a Copy of so much of that Opinion as might be necessary should be transmitted with the Report.

This Proposal having met with the Approbation of the Treasury, Two Surveyors of Eminence, employed in the ordinary Business of the Office, were authorized to make a General Plan of the Crown's Estate in London and Westminster; a Measure which, though attended with some Expence, was extremely necessary, not only for the Object which has been mentioned, but as affording the belt Means of ascertaining the Boundaries of the Property of the Crown, and the best Security against Encroachments.

Such a Plan has accordingly been made; and many Alterations have occurred, which, when completed, will not only greatly increase the Value of the Crown's ' Estate, but contribute to the Accommodation of the Public, and the Ornament of the Capital; — Consider-tions which, undoubtedly, are confident with the Dignity of the Crown, and which it becomes the Duty of those who are entrusted with the Management of its Estate to attend to.

Those Alterations and Improvements cannot, however, be rapidly made; because, in most of the instances of this Nature, there is some existing Lease to interrupt or delay the Execution. All that can be done is, to fix on the Plan of Improvement, and to take Care that no Lease be granted to counteract it; so that the Alterations may be begun when the first Leases in those Parts fall in, or when a Re-building becomes necessary, and may proceed gradually, as other Leases shall expire or be surrendered,

- Pursuing this System of Improvement, sundry Memorials have been presented to the Treasury by the Surveyor General, proposing Alterations and Improvements in different Parts of the Town, and in the Lands adjoining to it; and Architects have been invited to offer Plans, some of which have been approved of, and some Progress has been made in carrying them into Effect.

Within the Limits of the ancient Palace of Whitehall there is a considerable Space of Ground, partly open, and partly covered with Houses, many of which are old and ruinous, and which are held during Pleasure, yielding no Rent to the Crown, but attended with an Expence to support them. By removing those Houses, and granting Leases of the Ground for building, according to a Plan proposed to the Treasury by the Surveyor General, the Crown would obtain Rents to a very considerable Amount, and that would be made one of the most beautiful Quarters of the Town. The House and Office built for the Surveyor General, are the Beginning of an intended Street leading to the River, and opening a View of Saint Paul's and Black-friar's Bridge.

The Crown is possessed of a large Estate, formerly called Marybone Park, adjoining on the South to Portland Place and Harley Street; over which it is probable that, on the Return of Peace, the Town may be extended.

In consequence of a Report of the Surveyor General, relative to the Steps to be taken for the Improvement

Vojl. 53. ' '

of that Estate, he has been authorized by the Treasury to offer a considerable Reward to any Architect who shall produce a Plan for an Addition to the Town in that Quarter, which, after being laid before His Majesty, shall be adopted; and, with this View, a very accurate Plan has been taken of that Ground, and an Engraving has been made of it, in order that Copies may be given to such Architects as may be willing to offer Plans for the proposed Improvements. The Extent is no less than 543 Acres, and the Situation and Form of the Ground extremely beautiful; and if the Plan adopted shall be such as to induce Builders to give a Preference to that Situation, a great Part of it may be covered with valuable Houses at no very distant Period, and yield an Income which it would, at present, seem extravagant to mention.

The Crown had been in the Practice of granting Grants of Licences during Pleasure to the Proprietors of Houses adjoining to the Parks, to inclose small Pieces of confident Ground for their Accommodation, reserving Rents of with the Act j only a few Shillings a Year, by Way of Acknowledgment,. for the Preservation of the Crown's Right to the *

Ground; and on these there were several Examples of Bow Windows, or other Buildings having been raised, in Addition to the adjoining Houses. Grants of this Kind did not seem to be confident with the Spirit Of the Act of Parliament lately passed for the Improvement of the Crown's Estate; nor did the Property noradvan-held under them seem to be put into a State that could w tk '

be advantageous to any of the Parties interested. The Crown received little or no Rent for it; the Continuance of the Grant, after it had been made, was considered as no Favour; and the Resumption would have been felt as an Injury: The Property being held by no certain or legal Tenure, would not, on a Sale, bring any considerable Price; and it could not be agreeable to the Possessors to hold Property dependent on the Will of another, however small the Chance might be of its being resumed.

With the View to put an End to a Practice liable to so many Objections, the Surveyor General addressed a Representation to the Treasury on this Subject; proposing that all Persons who had such Grants should be informed that they might have Leases on Conditions authorized by the Act. This Suggestion having been adopted, Applications were very soon made by the Proprietors of all the Houses adjoining to the Green for Leases of those Gardens which have been since inclosed at their Charge; and, in consequence of this Improvement, the Houses on that Side of the Park are rendered much more pleasant, the Inhabitants are accommodated, the Park is ornamented, and Rents to the Amount of about jf. 400 a Year are added to the Land Revenue of the Crown, without incurring any Expence whatever.

At the West End of Piccadilly, adjoining to Hyde Parky the Houses in Hamilton Street, which are in a ruinous State, are intended to be removed, and the Ground appropriated to the building of one Row of Houses, of a Size fit for that Situation, preserving the View over the Park, by preventing any thing from being raised to the West that might obstruct the Pro-speft; and at the upper End of that Row, and behind all the Houses from thence to the Gate into Hyde Park, the Inhabitants are to be accommodated with Gardens, similar to those in the Green Park; and the Increase of Rent, in consequence of these Alterations, will be very considerable.

In several Places where the Streets are narrow and Alterations inconvenient, and the Houses old and ruinous, Altera- b7

tions are proposed to be made, by preventing some streets, and Houses from being rebuilt, and rebuilding others on an making new improved Plans which will at the same Time add to °Pe"iniki c#

the

Leases proposed and accepted instead of such Grants.

Appendix,

N *

Consequence of that Alteration.

Appendix, N° 5. slid Class II. of N° 9.

Improvements near Hyde Park Corner.

Improvement inTich-boroe Street.

Appendix, N° 6.

Effected at a small Expence to the Crown.

Beneficial Consequences to the Crown' Estate.

The portioning of Alte- , rations, in some Cafes, no Disadvantage to the Crown.

Reason of no great Improvement being jret made in Land Estates belonging to the Crown.

Separation of mixed Rights, and Sale of the Crown's Interest in some Forcfts, strongly recommended

I84

I i° Januarit.

A. 1798.

the Accommodation of the Public and the Value of the rest of the Area for new Buildings. A more parti-, cular Description of those intended Improvements is purposely avoided here, left it might have the Effect of mcreasing the Difficulties which stand in the Way of their being soon accomplished, by inducing the present Holders of the Leases to demand unreasonable Conditions, as the Price of their Concurrence in the Plans proposed.

An Example of this Kind of Improvement is now going on in the Street called Street (formerly

called Shug Lane) which is a very great Thoroughfare for Carriages from the Houses of Parliament, the Theatres, etc. to the principal Streets and Squares in the North West Quarter of the Town, and to the Crown's Estate of Marybone Park. That Street was so narrow and irregular as to occasion frequent Interruptions, and great Inconveniencies, both to the Inhabitants and to Passengers. In order to remove those In donveniencies, the Whole of one Side of the Street being the Property of the Crown, and the Houses very old, it was directed by the Treasury, on the Recommendation of the Surveyor General, that on renewing the Leases, the Houses should be rebuilt, and the Fronts let back, so as to widen the Street Ten feet. More than Half of that Side of the Street is already rebuilt on this improved Plan, partly in consequence of the Expiration of former Leases, and partly by Treaty with the Tenants for the Surrender or Renewal of Leases which had several Years to run. This has been effected without any other Expence to the Crown than the small Sum of £. 90, towards making a new Common Sewer; and Arrangements are making for completing that Improvement, so soon as the remaining Leases shall expire, or the Parties can be treated with on reasonable Terms for rebuilding the rest of the Houses.

It is obvious that this Improvement, and others which the Surveyor General is attempting in the same Line, must tend to increase the Value of the great Extent of Building Ground belonging to the Crown, by rendering the Communications with the Parts before mentioned more easy and convenient; and, if the same Mode of Proceeding shall be continued, and uniform Attention shall be given, these Objects may be accomplished with very little Expence, and the Rents of the Crown's Estate be greatly increased.

The postponing of the granting of Leases in those Districts at present under Lease, and in which Alterations are intended to be made, but where it shall be found difficult to make Arrangements with the Lessees on reasonable Conditions, can be of no Disadvantage to the Crown. Leases of Houses are allowed by the Act of Parliament to be renewed at any Time within Twenty Years of the Expiration of the existing Terms; and it is immaterial to the Crown at what Time, prior to the End of a subsisting Lease, a new Lease shall be granted. No Loss can arise from deferring a Renewal, except to the Officers, who, being paid by Fees, may suffer by the Delay.

Leases of Land Estates are not allowed to be renewed till within Five Years of the End of the existing Terms, except for erecting new Buildings, or for some other Purpose of Improvement; and no Renewal has been applied for of any very considerable Estate, since the passing of the Act; so that no great Improvement can yet have arisen from the Renewal of Leases of Property of that Nature.

But one of the Objects the most anxioully recommended by the Commissioners before referred to, was, tp promote as much as possible the Separation of all mixed Rights in the same Property; and that in those Forests in which the greater Part of what formerly belonged to the Crown had been granted away, and in

In Rockingham Forest.

9th Report, Commissioners Land Re-, venue.

which the Rights reserved Were found to be of little bXthe Com Advantage to the Crown, or which were unfit to be 'e iTnTjte-kept as Nurseries of Timber for the Navy, the remain- venue, ing Rights of the Crown should be fold, at a fair Price, to the Persons to whom the rest had been granted, so that the Property, having but one Owner, might be brought to the highest State of Improvement it was capable of attaining.

Arrangements have been made, and Acts of Parlia- Measures in fiient passed, for accomplishing these Objects within consequence, the Forest of Rockingham, and in some Parts of the Fpreft of Sherwood, as well as in sundry Manors belonging to the Crown, or in which the Crown is interested.

In Rockingham Forest, which contains Three Bailiwicks, each subdivided into several Walks, there are large Tracts of Woodlands which formerly belonged to the Crown, but which have long been alienated in Perpetuity. Those Woodlands, however, remained subject to the Pasturage of the King's Deer, and the Cattle of the Commoners; and in One of the Walks, the Oak Trees of a certain Size are excepted to the Crown, though the Underwood and the Soil of the Woodlands are granted in Fee. The Offices of Forester or Keeper of the different Walks are also granted in Perpetuity; and in each Walk there are inclosed Pasture Lands called Lawns, in the Whole of considerable Extent, appropriated to the Feeding and Preservation of the Deer, and not subject to Rights of Common.

These Lawns are possessed by the Keepers of the respective Districts; and, in some of them, the Soil and entire Property of the Land are claimed by the Grantee of the Keeperships, though the Custody only is considered to be granted. Ia the Walks of Sulehay and

Morehay, within the Bailiwick of C the Woodlands

and the hereditary Keeperships belong to the Earl of

Westmorland; in the Walk of Westha within the same

Bailiwick, they belong to the Earl of; in

ing Woods Walk, within Brigjiock Bailiwick, they are

the Property of the Earl of Upper OJfory; and in the different Walks, within the Bailiwick of,

the Keeperships, with a great Part of the Woodlands, belong to George Finch Hatton, Esquire. In order to put an End to the Mixture of- Rights existing in this Property, and to the Destruction of the Woods from the Bite of the Deer and Cattle, Acts have been passed forfetting out Lands in Compensation for the Common Rights in the Bailiwicks of Brigjiock and Cliffe, and in Part of the Bailiwick of Rockingham, and for enabling

His Majesty to grant to Lord West Lord Exeter, Lord OJfory, and Mr. Hatton, all the remaining

Rights of the Crown within their respective Districts, for a full and adequate Consideration.

By Means of the various Grants from the Crown within this Forest, a Diversity of Interests is created in each separate District; and, consequently, in the Sale of the remaining Rights of the Crown, the Objects of Treaty are different with each Party. In the Investigations which the Surveyor General found necessary for ascertaining those Rights, preparatory to the Sale,

Questions have arisen respecting the Interests claimed by the Grantees in some of the Walks; and those Questions having been agreed to be referred to Arbitration, a Statement of the'Matters in Dispute has been prepared by the Surveyor General, by the Direction of the Treasury, and is now under the Consideration of the Arbitrators. In the mean Time, the allotting of Lands, in Compensation for the Rights of Common, is going on under the Direction of the Commissioners appointed for that Purpose; and Surveyors have been directed to value the Rights of the Crown, preparatory to the fixing of the Price to be paid for them. The Money arising from the Sale of those Rights is directed to be laid out in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consoli-

dated

Vide Article 7. 10. 17. 18. 19.10. in Appendix, N° 8.

Acts for Sale of the Crown' Rights there.

Diversity of Interests in each District, and Objects of Treaty different with each Party.

Appendix,

7.

Progress and expected Con -sequences of that Measurr,

In Sherwood Forest.

A6> for In-

cloftores, and otherPurpoies of Improvement, relating to the Crown's Estate.

Appendix,

N'$.

Proceedings fel:-five to Leases of the den.ited Elites, &c.

Con rfe of Proceedings iu

38 Geo. III. ii° Januarii. 185

dated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England-, and there is Reason to expect that, besides the important ObjeA of freeing so exten-five and valuable a Trad of Woodlands from Incumbrances which have rendered them of very little Value to the Owners, a considerable Addition to the Produce of the Land Revenue will arise from the Sale of Rights, which at present produce no other Advantage to the Crown than the Supply of a few Brace of Deer for His Majesty's Larder.

In the Forest of Sherwood the Forestrial Rights belonging to His Majesty extend over large Tracts of Commons and other Lands, of which the Soil does not belong to the Crown; and Acts have been passed for the Division and Inclosure of Lands in Eight different Parishes within the Bounds of the Forest, and for setting out Allotments of Land in Compensation for the Forestrial Rights.

The different Acts which have been passed since the Appointment of the present Surveyor General, for the Division and Inclosure of Lands within Manors belonging to the Crown, and for the Drainage, Embankment, Improvement, Exchange, and Sale of Lands, making Navigable Canals, and other Purposes, in which the Interests of the Crown are concerned, and which were referred from the Treasury to the Surveyor General, for his Confutation and Report, previously to His Majesty's Consent being given thereto, are enumerated in a Schedule annexed to this Report. Among them are several which embrace Objects of considerable Magnitude, and which are likely to be productive of much Benefit to the Country, and Improvement to the Land Revenue; particularly the Act for the Inclosure of the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Isle of Axholme, in the County of Lincoln, which contain about 12,000 Acres, estimated to be worth not less than 20 s. per Acre, and considered to be improveable to more than Twice that Amount.

The Surveyor General will now, in obedience to the Ad first referred to, state to this Honourable House what Proceedings have been had relative to the granting of Leal'es of any Part of the Land ltevcnu'e of the Crown, since the Commencement of that Ad, and what Trcgress has been made in the Sale of Fee Farm Rents.

Many Applications for Leases having been made to the Treasury, and referred to the Surveyor General, he proceeded upon them according to the Directions of the Ad, and the Rules laid down by the Treasury. He ordered Surveys to be taken, and verified on Oath; and made such Enquiries as were necessary to enable him to judge whether any Alteration would tend to the Improvement of the Property; and on many of these Applications, on which the Surveys and Enquiries have been completed, he has reported to the Treasury the State of Fads, and the Value of the Premisses, with his Opinion on what Terms and Conditions such Leases might be granted

In the official Course of proceeding in granting Leases from the Crown, after the Terms and Conditions on which a Lease shall be granted have been approved by the Treasury, a Warrant is issued from that Board, directing the Surveyor General to make forth a Con-fcat, or lend to the proper Auditor for a Particular of ‘the Premiil'es, and to rate the fame, in order to the passing of the Leaie; and to suggest what Covenants Clauses, and Provisoes, are proper to be inserted therein. The Constat, or Particular, and an Instrument called The Rate, in which are specified the Term of Years, the Rent, and the Fine, or other Consideration for granting the Lease, together with the Covenants ;and Conditions judged proper to be inserted, are transmitted by the Surveyor General to the Treasury, and fjom thence to the Clerk of the Pipe, with another

ypJ-. 53.

Warrant from that Board, directing him to cause the Lease to be prepared accordingly.

On the greater Part of the Reports so made by the Surveyor General, Warrants have been issued from the Treasury, directing the Leases applied for to be granted on the Terms by him proposed; and sundry Conftats, Particulars, and Rates, with Warrants from the Treasury thereon, have been transmitted to the Pipe Office, ib order that the Leases might be prepared: But it has happened that, by reason of some Doubts suggested by the Deputy Clerk of the Pipe, relative to the Provisions of the Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue, and also to the Rate of Stamp Duties to which Leases from the Crown are made haole, by the Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, none of those Leases have yet been perfected, or passed under the Seal of the Exchequer.

The Surveyor General, however, thinks it his Duty to lay before this Honourable House, an Account of such Leases as havp been agreed for on the Part of the Lessees, and confirmed by Orders of the Board of Treasury. The Particulars of these Leases are contained in a Schedule annexed to this Report; in which are specified, the rel'pedive Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, agreed to be demised; to whom, and for what Terms of Years; the Annual Value of the Premisses, as reported by Surveyors upon Oath; the Rents to be reserved and Fines to be paid to the Crown, together with the Sums agreed to be expended by the Lessees in new Buildings or Repairs, or other pecuniary Considerations for granting each Lease,

The Leases comprized in that Schedule are of Two Classes; the first containing Houses or Lands already in Leaie from the Crown, or which have been heretofore granted by Lease; and the other containing Lands or Hereditaments which have not before been in Lease. The Values of the Estates in the First Clals are con-trafted, in the Schedule, with the Values of the same Premisses by the latest Surveys- made prior to the Applications for the new Leases, and with the Rents and Fines for the preceding Leases thereof.

From this Schedule it appears, that the Leases of the First Class, which are 36 in Number, comprize Lands and Tenements of the Value of £. 3,491. 10 6 d. per

Annum, according to the Estimates of Surveyors adhng on Oath; that the Rents to be reserved on the new Leases are of the Net Annual Amount of £. 1,852. 7 7

and that the Fines to be paid for the same amount to £.5,065; that the Values of the same Premisses, by the latest Surveys, or other Accounts previously exist> ing in the Office of the Surveyor General, was no more than £.1,766. 16 s.8d. per Annum-, that the Rents reserved by the former Leases were only £, 239. 12 r. 11 per Annum, and being subject to the full Deduction of Four Shillings in the Pound for Land Tax, which, from the Cause already mentioned, has been very commonly Twice allowed, would produce clear about £.191 per Annum-, and, that the Fines for the former Leases amounted to £.1,374. i8j. 10 The Second Class contains 21 Leases, comprizing Lands and Tenements of the Value of £.556. i6j, 10 for which Rents are to be reserved amounting to £.547. 19 8 per Annum. No Fines are payable for the Leases in this Clals, except in One Instance, in which the Sum is £.87, Upon the Leases in the First Class, the Increase in the reserved Rents is £. 1,612. 14 8 per Annum, beyond

those which were before payable; and the Addition to the Rents in both Classes, is £.2,160.- 14 4 per

Annum, exclusive of £.5,152. for Fines.

Besides the Leases which have been'a<ftually agreed for on the Part of the Lessees, and confirmed by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, many other Applications for Leases have been made to that Board, and 3 B referred

No Leases from the Crown com pleted since the Ad 34. Geo. III,

owing to Doubts on the Construaion of certain

Aa.

Leases ordered to be granted.

Appendix,

Value of the

Estates, and increased In- come on thofo Leases *

Leases applica for, and Terms proposed, but the Proceedings thereon deferred,

Ii Januariu ' A. 1798.

referred to the Surveyor General. Surveys and Valuations of the Estates have been made in consequence, and Terms for new Leases proposed by the Surveyor Arl»"oi3C' General to the different Applicants. A Schedule of ,0' these is also inserted in the Appendix. There are 38 new Leases proposed to be granted of Estates which have been before in Lease. The Value of those Estates, as now certified upon Oath, is £.9,240. 5J.

Annum. The Net Amount of the Rents proposed to be reserved by the new Leases is £. 5,250. 19 r. 11 d. per Annum, and the Fines amount to the Sum of £. 15,769. The Annual Value of the same Estates, by the former Surveys or Estimates, was £.5,411. 5 . the old reserved Rents were only £.594. $s. 8d. per , which was reduced, by the Deduction for Land Tax, to about £.485; and the Fines for the same Leases amounted to £.5,972. 8 a 4 There are also, included in the Applications comprized in this Schedule, feme Parcels of Ground which have not yet been in Lease. These are certified on Oath to be of the Annual Value of £. 131. or. j and Rents amounting to £.106. i8r. per Annumare proposed to be reserved for them. Some of the Parties who have agreed to the Terms proposed for new Leases, have requested, for Reafiwis of private Convenience, to defer for some Time the Completion of them; from others no Answers have yet been received; and a few have declined to take Leases on the Terms which have been offered to therm If, however, the Holders of the present Leases of these Estates should decline renewing them, there is little Reason to doubt that new Leases will be readily taken by the Under Tenants, or others; and that the Advance in the Annual Rents and Fines will be not less than the foregoing Comparison gives Reason to expect.

Applications Many other Applications for Leases, and Papers on Reference on various Subjects connected with the Business of this other Subjects, Department, have been referred from the Treasury to she office'oP the Surveyor General, and are now depending in his the Surveyor Office. These are particularized in a separate Schedule General. annexed to this Report; and Directions have been given 1 by the Surveyor General for Surveys to be taken of the 11' Estates respectively applied for, and other Enquiries set

on foot, for obtaining the Information judged necessary, according to the Nature and Circumstances of each Cafe, preparatory to the making of Reports to the Treasury.

Fee Farm The Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents which

and stock ' bave been sold by the Surveyor General since the Com-purchased, mencement of the Act, are specified in an Account in- "m Geo in sorted n the Appendix. A Memorial was presented 3 Appndix, by the Surveyor General to the Treasury, stating, that Nu 1 . since the Act of Parliament enjoined that the Produce N° ' of the Sale of those Rents should be laid out in the Purchase of Stock, it was of little Consequence at what Rate the one should be fold, if the Proportion to the other should be preferred; and therefore proposing, that the Surveyor General should, at all Times, be authorized to fell Fee Farm Rents at a Rate which should' be £.10 per Centum at least, higher than the Current

Price of £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities. Unfortunately, the State of the Public Funds, for the greater Part of that Period, has been particularly unfavourable to the Sale of such Rents, the Price of Stock being considerably lower than the lowest Prices allowed by the Act to be taken for the Rents. The Net Annual Amount of the Rents disposed of within the Pe riod above-mentioned is £. 148. 14J. o The Sum which the Sale of them has produced is £.3,866. 14J. 6d. and the Amount of the £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased therewith is£. 5,891. 10s. 6 producing an Annual Dividend of £. 176. 14J. 10 .; and this being added to the Stock purchased by the late Commissioners of the Land Revenue makes a Capital of£,iii,66x. 8s. 9 d.Consolidated Bank Annuities,

arising from the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, and Handing in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England.

A farther Addition has been made to that Fund, by Lands granted, the Sale of some Lands belonging to the Crown, situ- 111 tce ated at Painshill, in' the County of Surrey, the greater Part of which were intermixed with the Freehold Lands of the Proprietor of the Estate of; and, in

consequence of very irregular Proceedings in this Office at the Time of granting the last Lease, were rendered hardly distinguishable from the private Property. After much Pains bellowed in the Attempt, a Sale of the Crown's Part of the Estate seemed to be the most advisable Mode of Settlement. An Act of Parliament was accordingly parted, in the Thirty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for enabling His Majesty to grant the Inheritance"of the Premilfes to Trustees named in the Will of Benjamin Bond iJopkins, Esquire, for a full and adequate Consideration, to be al'certained by the proper Officers of the Crown., The Value of these Lands, on granting the last Lease thereof, was rated at £. 50 per Andum, but the Fine paid for a Term of 211 Years, was only £. 200, and the Rent reserved £.6. 16 4

On a Survey and Valuation made upon Oath, preparatory to the Sale, the clear Value was estimated at £. 102. 18 a 3 d.per Annum. The Inheritance of the Premilfes, with the Timber thereon belonging to the Crown, was valued by the Surveyor General at the Sum of £.3,193. 17 s.id. and upon Payment of that Sum Consideratioa into the Bank of England, with the Approbation of the Mone>Pa"L Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Premilfes were granted, by Letters Patent, dated the 3d of May 1797, to George Chamberlai Esquire, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever; and the Price was inverted in the Purchase of stock pur.

£. 5,334. 4-f. 1 d. £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Bank tiere"

Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, yielding Dividends to the Amount of

£.160. os. 6d. per Annum.This increases the Capital Total of Stock

Sum so purchased to £. 116,995. 12s- 10d. the Divi- Purthiled-

dends whereof, amounting to £.3,509. 17 4

Annum, are applicable to the same Uses as the Produce of the Rents and Lands flood appropriated to before

the Sale took place.

The Abolition of Fees and Perquisites in all the Of- Fees and Per-fices employed in the Management of the Land Reve- <‘mluC4‘

nue, recommended by the Commissioners before-mentioned, and the Establishment of adequate Salaries in > lieu of them, has not yet taken place. An Attempt was made to accomplish an Arrangement for that Purport with those who hold Patent Places entitled to Fees, in which, by Desire of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Surveyor General gave his Assistance; and Clauses to that Effect were prepared and inserted in the Bill for the better Management of the Crown's Estate, when it was presented to Parliament in the Year 1794: But, after much Pains had been taken, the Attempt proved unsuccessful; and that Measur, which would undoubtedly be beneficial, was necessarily postponed, and those Clauses consequently struck out of the Bill.

In the mean Time, however, the Burthen of Fees is Burthen of

' P..... l ..

lessened; for, under the former System, Leases were renewed as often as the Leffecs deli red; and as the Expence of the Lease is paid by the Crown, the Officers, for the Sake of the Fees, and the Lessee, for the Prolongation of his Term without Expence, had a common Interest in obtaining frequent Renewals; and that Evil was increasing. There can now be but One Renewal during the Course of a Lease even for 99 Years, unlel's where a Re-building is necessary; and it is probable that, from this Circumstance alone, the Expence of Fees, which should doubtleffs be abolished altogether, will not, under the present System, exceed One Third Part of what it formerly was.

7 . The

Fees lelTtned#

38 Geo. III.

11

Januarii.

187

Recluction in the Number of Receivers.

171I1 Report, Pu e 20.

The Recommendation of those Commissioners to re- to the Crown in England and Wales, let for a Share of duce the Number of Receivers of the Land Revenue the Ore raised, of which, whatever Expedition may be has been adopted by the Treasury, as far as it has yet entertained, there can be no Ground for any Compu-been practicable. V acancies have happened by the tation of the Amount.

Deaths of Three of the Receivers, and no Successors have been appointed; but the Persons who acted as their Deputies have been authorized to collect the Rents, upon such Conditions that a Saving is made of the greater Part of the Salaries and Allowances to the late Receivers.

Cafes in which the Obtain-ment of the

Value of the demised Estates, Sec. as citimated by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Appendix, N 14.

jrith Report, Page 43.

Value of the

whole Landed Ellate of the Crown by the Estimate of those Com-iniilioners.

17th Report, Page 15.

be expected, under a careful Management, to yield, at the Expiration of the present Leases, an Income of about £. 200,000 per Annum; or, at least, that the Value of the demised Estates, with the Dividends of Stock expected to arise from the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, which they computed at £. 12,000, would amount to that Sum.

In their 17th Report the Commissioners express themselves as follows: " If the remaining Fee Farm " Rents shall be disposed of at Thirty Years Purchase, " being the Rate at which Angle Rents have hitherto " been fold, the Sum of Three per Centum Consoli-

dated Bank Annuities purchased with the Produce " of the Sale may be increased to about £. 400,000; " If the Metropolis shall continue to increase, and shall

Causes o Waste in Forests.

Produce of the Lard Revenue during the present Reitrn.

17th Report, Page 5. Comparative Value of the demised Estates, See. according to recent Surveys,

It is true that, in some Cafes, where Houses of great Value have been built on Ground belonging to the Crown, at a Time when no adequate Term remained of fuUVaiufof the existing Leases (the Power of the Crown having f°me Ettate been limited to 50 Years, which is generally allowed to " 1,0 pone be too short a Term for Buildings of Value) the Lords The Surveyor General, having thus Rated what Mea- of the Treasury have thought it just and reasonable to sures have been adopted by Government, in confe- prolong those Leases to an Extent proportioned to the quence of the Reports of the Commissioners of the Land Rate or Quality of the respective Houses, reserving only Revenue, and what his own Proceedings have bee in an adequate Rent for the Ground. The general Rules carrying into Execution the Plan for the better Ma- for regulating the Extent of Term to be granted by the nagement of the demised Estates of the Crown, thinks Crown in Building Leases of Houses of different Rates, it not improper, in this Place, to mention, that the by adapting the Length of the Term to the Size and Commissioners of the Land Revenue gave it as their Quality of the Buildings, were ascertained by the Trea-Opinion, that, if the Plans they had suggested should fury, in consequence of a Memorial on that Subject be followed, the demised Estates of the Crown might from the Surveyor General; and in all the Instances in which Leases of Houses already built have been prolonged at a Ground Rent only, upon the Principle of allowing to the Lessees a fair Enjoyment of their Improvements, proportioned to the Sums which they have expended for the Advantage of the Crown's Estate, the Time when the Value put by the Surveyors upon such Houses will be obtained by the Crown, mull, consequently, be postponed beyond the Term of the existing Leases: But these are Circumstances which were not in the View of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; and fo‘ remarkable a Coincidence of their Estimates, with the Valuations of the Property by actual Surveys, made on Oath, so far as Experience has hitherto gone (and those Surveys are no less than 118 in Number) must tend to shew that the Expectation of such an In-71 ujc iwciiupuiia ,uau w,muuc «, -- crease of Revenue was not given to the Public without

be extended over any considerable Part of the Lands.

r> 1 . v . 1 1 minute and attentive Consideration.

belonging to the Crown near to it, as it has already

been over adjoining Lands not more conveniently The Waste in the Woods and Forests was represented situated; and if the Value of the Produce of Land by those Commissioners to have been occasioned by shall continue as high as it has been of late Years, great Abuses on the Part of the subordinate Officers, all which it seems reasonable to expect, the Produce by Extravagance in the Execution of Works, Neglect of the Forests and demised Estates of the Crown will of the Wood and Timber then standing, and the Want gradually increase j and we think it not too sanguine oflnclosures to protect and bring forward a Succession; to suppose, that the Income to be derived from the — a Waste compensated by no Return or Advantage of whole Property which has been under our Enquiry, any Kind to the Crown.

comprehending the Crown Lands, the Forests, and Jn every Measure which has been submitted to the rmproye.

Consideration of Parliament for carrying into Effect the.

Plans of Improvement of the Forests proposed by those Commissioners to be kept as Nurseries of Timber for It was farther Rated, in the same Report, that, from the Navy, Reference has been previously made to the the Commencement of the present Reign, there had Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and considerable

Pains have been taken by him to prepare and arrange Matters for the Consideration of the Treasury. Unfortunately, the most important of those Meal'ures was defeated, by the Opposition given to the Bill for the Improvement of the New; and that valuable Part of the Property of the Crown remains a Prey to every Depredation to which it had, for lb long Time, ] been exposed.

In their Report on the Forest of Dean, the Commis- Forest of belonging to the Crown, by the latest Surveys or other sioners represented, that the making and repairing of Dean. Accounts previously existing in his Office, the Surveyor Roads in that Forest had been attended with enormous ld Report, General has the Satisfaction to find, that if the Value Expence to Government, without producing any Ad-of the Estates not yet surveyed shall be found, on tak- vantage to the Forest; and they recommended, that ing frefti Surveys, to bear a similar Proportion to the the Roads should in future be made and kept in Repair Whole, which he has no Reason to doubt, the Total by Turnpikes, or otherwise, and not at the foie Ex-Value of the demised Estates will amount to about pence of the Crown. This Plan has since been adopted,

£, 189,250. per Annum-,to which, if there be added the after much Negotiation, and an Arrangement made Sum which the Commissioners of the Land Revenue with the principal Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood expected to arise from the Dividends of Stock pur- of the Forest, by which the Crown is completely ex-chafed with the Price of Fee Farm Rents, the Whole onerated from that Charge, in Consideration of paying will amount to about £. 201,250. per Annum, without the first Expence of forming the new Roads, which are reckoning any Thing for the Value of Mines belonging afterwards to be kept in Repair by Turnpikes, agreeably Vol. 53. to

the Dividends of Stock purchased with the‘Price of Fee Farm Rents, may, finally, rife to £. 400,000. per Annum."

meats in Forests proposed to be kept as Nurseries of Timber for the Navy.

of

no

arisen from all those Branches a clear Revenue more than £.6,133. 4J> 4 d. p

On an Examination of the Values now put by the Surveyors acting under the Authority of the Surveyor General, on those Parts of the Estate of the Crown of which Surveys, have been made preparatory to their being.granted in Lease, and on comparing them with the former Valuations of the same Estates, and also with the Values put on the Whole of the demised Estates

New Forest.

Page 31. Page 4J.

188

n° Januarii, A. 1798.

Article 14. in tt) the Suggestioft of the Commissioners; and an Act Appen x, Parliament has been passed for carrying it into

Execution.,

Source of De- In the Management of the demised Estates the De oktManage- e< s were represented in the same Reports to be of a ment of de- different Kind. They were stated not to be imputable naied Estates. to the Conduct of the Officers, but to the System;

and though Leases were granted for Rents and Fines very inadequate to the Value of the Estates, yet some Return might be supposed to be derived to the Crown, in point of lnfluen.ee, from the Favours bellowed on the Lessees.

object of the The Object of the new System recommended by the Klana«eroentf Commissioners, and adopted by the Act of Parliament, 0' Was, to correct the Defects in the former Management, and to follow out the avowed Principle of the Civil 1 Anne, c. 7. Lift Act of Queen Anne, which was, " That the Land '5' Revenues of the Crown might be increased, and,

" consequently, that the Burthen upon the Estates of " the Subjects of this Realm might be eased and lessened, in all future Provisions to be made for the Expences of the Civil Government." The Estates were, therefore, directed to be valued by Surveyors on Oath, and let at fair and reasonable Rates; by which Means that Source of Influence was taken away.

Various A Change so great as this new Arrangement was

DiffatwL-f likely to produce, could not fail to give rife to many, tion, and of Claims to Favour, on various Grounds, and to occa-vourb 'll ' li°n considerable Difficulty in the Execution. Some fxiu y , Estates had been for a great Length of Time in the Possession of the same Families; many Renewals of Leases had been granted at very low Rents; the Estates had been included in Family Settlements, and assigned as Securities for Money borrowed, and a Sort of pre-fetiptive Right was claimed to a Continuance of limilar Favour. Some had purchased Leases at Prices much beyond their real Value, in Expectation of Advantages to be gained by Renewals on the ancient System. Some, trusting to the Continuance of that System, had entered into Engagements to Sub-tenants, which extended beyond the Terms of their own Leases, or the Powers granted to them; others had built Houses, or expended great Sums in Repairs, in Expectation of a Renewal, when no adequate Term remained of the existing Leases; and others had fub-let Parts of the Estates granted to them, to several Tenants, whose Conduct had been different, some of them having improved, others preserved, and others neglected or wasted the Property they occupied.

Proceedings Under these, and many other Heads, there arose a or GeneralVariety of Claims; and every different same of this Na-consequence. ture afforded Ground for a Sort of Trial, in which it Appendix, was necessary for the Surveyor General to examine the lS‘ Rights and Pretensions of the contending Parties, and to make a Report upon them, with his Opinion, to the Treasury.

it unnecessary to attend to them. The regular Payment of Rent, and the Performance of Covenants, might be enforced without any just Ground of Complaint; and, notwithstanding that uniform Regularity the Crown might still be reckoned a more deflrable Landlord than an Individual attentive to the Management of his own Property; to which End the Surveyor General recommended, that there might be One General Rate of Deduction from the Value ascertained by the Reports of Surveyors, verified on Oath; and that the same Rules should be followed in every similar Cafe, so that there might be no Ground to complain of Injustice or Partiality.

In answer to this Memorial, the Minute of the Minute of it Treasury, inserted in the Appendix, was transmitted to the Surveyor General, establishing those Principles Appendix, by which he has been guided; and he has the Satisfac- N° u. (B.) tion of being able to add, that though there have been Examples where Parties, dissatisfled with the Opinions respecting their Rights and those of the Crown, given in the Reports from the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to the Legislature, prior to his Appointment, and in his own Reports to the Treasury since, have refilled the Claims of the Crown, and carried Questions before Courts of Law, and frequent Appeals have been made to the Treasury, yet neither in the one same nor in the other, has there been a single Instance of a Determination contrary to what was recommended in those Reports; and that I he Lines drawn between the ' Rights of the Crown, and the Claims of Parties, have been, on full and deliberate Consideration, uniformly approved of and confirmed.

These Circumstances the Surveyor General deemed Necessity of necessary to (late, it being obvious that, without having them in View, no adequate Idea could be formed of the ment. Nature or Extent of the Business of his Office, nor, consequently, of the Necessity there was for the Increase which was made in the Establishment of Officers for his Assistance in carrying it on, until a Board should be appointed for the Management of the Whole of the Land Revenue, as proposed in the Reports of the Commissioners before referred to.

The Salaries paid to the different Officers and Clerks Salarietofofc acting under the Surveyor General, amount to £. 1,540 per Annum, and to Two Surveyors, who have almost Surveyor Ge-constant Employment on the Crown's Estate in London neral-and Westminster, £. 100 each. The Particulars are given

in the Appendix; in which is also inserted a Statement is.

of the Salary, Fees, and other Emoluments of the Sur-

veyor General. No Addition has been made to his Emolument Salary, nor has any new Fee been received by him, not- of the parent withstanding the great Addition to the Business. His ne£u£d or whole Emoluments, from the Time of his Appointment his Predecef-to the 10th of October last, when the Salary shall have so ' been received to that Period, will be £.994. 195.4 . per Annum, being somewhat less than Two Third Parts of those of his Predecessors.

Principle of In order that there might be strict Uniformity in the D'CrS, Rafd Procee<rings in all such Cases, the Surveyor General of Proceeding, stated, in a Memorial to the Treasury, the Principles the?un?eby ky which it appeared to him that Matters of this Na-GenerJ.ey°r ture ought to be regulated, remarking, at the same Appendix, Time, that to take the utmost Value in Rent or Fine, N° 16. (A.) in such a Change of System, might be complained of, as going from one Extreme to the other; and that it might be, perhaps, advisable to take such Rents as, though near to the Value, should be somewhat lower than would be demanded in similar Cafes by Individuals.

Consequence % following such moderate Rules of Proceeding va-to be expefl- rious good Consequences might be expected. Government would not, after granting a Lease, be disturbed

with Applications for new Allowances or Deductions; or, if such Applications should be made, might deem

The Measure of building a House and Office for the Building of Surveyor General, was resolved on by Government more office forth than 25 Years ago, in consequence of a Memorial of surveyor Ge-Peter Burrell, Esquire, then Surveyor General, in which neral-he represented the Mischiefs which had arisen from the Want of a regular Office for the Custody of the Records, and for the Lessees of the Crown to apply to, and the Danger to which the Books, Surveys, and other valuable Documents, concerning the Estates of the Crown, were exposed from Fire, as well as from frequent Removals, on Deaths or other Changes happening in the Office. That Measure was confirmed by the Act ij Geo. lit, of Parliament passed in the Year 1775, for erecting P-JJ-Public Offices on the Scite of Somerset House; and the Building which was erected for the Surveyor General in pursuance of that Act, having been appropriated to the Use of other Public Offices, in consequence of repeated

by.

38 Geo. lit . i i° JaHuarii. 189?

peated Representations of a W nt of Room for carrying on the Business of those Departments, another House and Office have been erected in lieu of it. The Ex- »ew uiidtog. pgnce Qf |qoufe> including the Office, and the

arched Repository for Papers, is limited by Contract to £.5,874. 2s. $d. but a farther Expence of £.475. 7 1 id.which was not foreseen, was unavoidably incurred for securing the Foundation of the Building by the State of the Ground on which it is built.

The erecting of this Building has afforded the 'Means of accommodating other Public Offices with the additional Room judged necessary for transading their Business; and a Saving is made of the Rent which was before paid for an Office for the Surveyor General.

wantedinthe The Surveyor General wHl only add, that, notwith Act $4. Geo.

(landing the Pains taken in preparing the Clauses of the Act for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Estate of the Crown, Difficulties have, in some Cafes, occurred in the Execution, on which 'the Opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor General have been taken, and some Amendments in the Ad' are found to be necessary. Those Opinions having been laid before the Treasury, the Surveyor General has been directed to suggest what Alterations appeared to him to be wanted; and he has made a Report on that Sub-jed to the Treasury, of which a Copy is inserted in the Appendix. ‘

(L. S.)

Land Revenue Office, - , Surveyor General.

1st December 1797: *

Appendix, NJ13.

APPENDIX *

CONTENTS OF THE APPENDIX.

No. Pag *

1. MEMORIAL of the Surveyor General, proposing that a General Plan should be taken of the

Crown's Estate inHousesand Building Ground in London and with a Vie\i to

the making of Improvements thereon; and Treasury Letter authorizing the same - - - 190

2. Memorial of the Surveyor General, proposing that he might be authorized to lay Copies of

a Plan of the Property of the Crown in White, before Architeds eminent in their Profession, and to offer a Reward for Plans and Elevations for new Streets and Buildings there; and Treasury Letter in Answer thereto - - - - -191

3. Report of the Surveyor General, on a Proposal of the Duke of Portland, for hn Exchange

of Ground belonging to him, for Part of an Estate belonging to the Crown, called Marybone Park-, and Treasury Letter authorizing the Surveyor General to take the Steps proposed by him, in order to the Improvement of that Estate - - -- - - --191

4. Report of the Surveyor General on a Memorial of Robert Smith, Esquiry, for Permission to

inclose a Piece of Ground in the Green Park, in which the Surveyor General advises , that the Practice of granting Ground in the Parks, by Warrants during Pleasure, should be discontinued, and that such Ground should, in future, be granted by Lease, at adequate Rents..... ..... . 193

5. Report of the Surveyor General on the Applications of sundry Inhabitants of Houses adjoin-

ing to the Green Park, for Grants of small Portions of Ground there; for ornamental Gardens - -- --..... ----- -194

6. Memorial of the Surveyor General submitting a Plan for widening and improving Tichborne

v Street and Marybone Street-, and Treasury Letter approving the same - - - -196

7. Treasury Letter to the Surveyor General, approving of certains Matters in Dispute, relative

to the Rights of the Crown in Rockingham Forest, being referred to Arbitration and directing him to prepare a Statement thereof; Report of the Surveyor General in consequence;

.and farther Order of the Treasury thereon - - - - -197

8. Schedule of Acts for the Division, Inclosure, Drainage, Embankment, and Sale of Lands,

making Navigable Canals, &c.; referred to the Surveyor General for his Opinion, and Report thereon, previously to His Majesty's Consent being given thereto ----- 198 Schedule of Estates belonging to the Crown, of which Leases have been directed to be granted by Warrants or Orders of the Lords of the Treasury, since the passing of the Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue - 20 o

10. Schedule of Applications for Leases referred to the Surveyor General, upon which Surveys

have been made, and Terms for Leases proposed to the 'Parties, but where Circumstances have occurred which have occasioned the Proceedings for such Leases to be delayed - - 205

11. Schedule of Applications for Leases, and Papers on other Subjects, referred to the Surveyor

General, upon which Surveys have been ordered to be made, and other Enquiries set on Foot, preparatory to the making of Reports thereon to the Treasury ----- -- 206

12. Account of Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents sold by the Surveyor General, since the

passing of the Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue, and of the Purchase Money paid for the same, and the Amount of the Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased therewith - - - -- - - - - 20S

13. Memorial of the Surveyor General, proposing that he might be authorized to fell Fee Farm

Rents at Rates bearing a certain Proportion to the current Price of Stock - - - - 213

14. Memorial of the Surveyor General, relative to the Length of Terms to be granted in Build-

ing Leases from the Crown, for Houses of different Classes; and Treasury Letter approving the Regulations proposed - -- -- - - -- 213

15. Report of the Surveyor General on the Claims of Sir John Smith Burges, Baronet, and Drummond

Smith, Esquire, and of the Duke of Queensberry, and the Honourable Wilbraham

to the Preference of Renewal of Leases from the Crown of Houses and Ground in Piccadilly, and Treasury Order thereon - - 214

16. Memorial of the Surveyor General, proposing the Establishment of certain Regulations relative '

to the Business in his Department; and Treasury Letter and Minute on the Subject of that Memorial - - - 2x8

♦a Vqi. 53. 3 C 17. Memorial

196 ii° Jatlmriu A. 1798-

No. . # . t aSe

17. Memorial of the Surveyor General, proposing the Appointment of Salaries for the Officers and Clerks to be employed under him; and Treasury Letter in Answer thereto - - - 222

18. Memorial of the Surveyor General, relative to the Mode of paying the Surveyors to be employed in his Department; and Treasury Letter in Answer thereto - - - - 122

19. State of the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments of the several Persons employed in the Office of

the Surveyor General ----- ----- ---- ----- - - 224

lo. State of the Salary, Fees', and Emoluments of the present Surveyor General, from the Time of

his Appointment to the 10th of October 1797 ----- ----- - - - - 224

21\ Extract of a Paper, N 24, in the Appendix to the 12th Report of the Commissioners of the

Land Revenue - - -- -- ----- --- 22$

12. Memorial of Peter Burrell, Esquire, late Surveyor General, proposing the Building of an v Office for the Custody of the Records, and transacting the Business of the Surveyor

General's Department (19th June 1769) - -- -- -- 226 23. Report of the Surveyor General, in Answer to a Reference from the Treasury, transmitting the Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General on certain Clauses of the Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue, and directing him to report what Alterations in the said Act might be advisable to be submitted to the Consideration of Parliament - - 226

' ' N° 1. (A.)

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of

His Majesty's Treasury.

My Lords,

Though it is not advisable that Leases of the de-miled Estates of the Crown should be renewed, until an improved System of Management shall be adopted, except in Cafes where the Property would materially suffer by the Delay of a Renewal, it is undoubtedly expedient that such Steps should, in the mean Time, be taken, as may enable those who shall be entrusted with the future Management to proceed in carrying it into Effect as speedily as possible.

With this View 1 submit what follows to the Consideration of your Lordships:

The Crown is possess'ed of an Estate in Houses in London and Westminster of very great Value, and comprehending many entire Streets. Of this Estate there is no accurate general Plan in my Office, though there are detached Plans of almost every Part of it: But these Plans give no View of the relative Connection between the different Parts of the Estate. A general Plan could not, indeed, be necessary, under the System of Management which has been followed. , The Idea of any Improvement of the Property, by an Enlargement or Alteration of the Streets, a Removal of any Buildings irregularly situated, the Opening of any new Access to them, or altering the Size or the Number of the Houses, so as to accommodate them to the Demand, or the Taste of the Times, seems not to have occurred, or, if it did occur, to have been deemed impracticable.

The Changes, indeed, which have taken place in the Manner of leafing this Part of the Property of the Crown have had an opposite Tendency, and have rendered any such Improvement much more difficult.

Formerly a considerable Number of Houses, often entire Streets, and, in some Instances, several Streets, were granted in One Lease; and these reverting together to the Crown, Alterations of the Nature which has been ftiggefted, might have been found easily prac-. ticable: But it has happened that in Cafes where a Lessee has fold his Interest in any One or mofe of the Houses comprized in his Lease, the separate Parts of the Property have been considered as distinct Estates; and, partly, from that Consideration, and partly from the natural Effect of the Profit to the Officer of the Crown, by an Increase of their Fees, from an Increase of the Number of Leases, Reversionary Leases of those Parts have been readily made to the Purchasers, whenever they have been applied for, without any Care being taken that the Leases of the different Parts, formerly under One Lease, should terminate at the same Time; and thus, in every such Instance, a new Obstacle has 5

been thrown in the Way of the general Improvement! I am, however, of Opinion, that in some Parts of the Crown's Estate, where the Streets are narrow and in- convenient, and the Openings too few, considerable Improvements may still be made by the Means which have been mentioned.

To prevent, therefore, the Continuance of this Evil, and to remedy it as far as may now be practicable, I would humbly propose to your Lordships, that I may be authorized to cause a General Plan to be made of the Whole of the Crown's Estate in Houses and Building Ground in London and W; and that gra-

dually, or as Applications for Grants or Renewals of Leases shall occur, the Opinion and Report of an Ar-chiteft of Eminence may be obtained, not relative to the State and Value of the Property applied for only, but to the Street in which it is situated, and to the Improvements which are practicable under the existing Circumstances, and advisable on the Part of the Crown. In every future Report by the Surveyor General, or by the Office entrusted with -the Care of this Part of the Property of the Crown, relative to any Grant or Renewal of a Lease, Reference will naturally be made to the Opinion of the Architect who has been employed, and a Copy of so much of it as may be necessary', will, in the usual Course of Proceeding, be transmitted to your Lordships with such Report.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

John Fordyce,

July 12 th 1793. Surv1 Gen1.

N 1. (B.)

Sir,

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury your Memorial, dated the 12 th Instant, proposing that a general\Plan should be made of the Whole of the Crown's Eftite in Houses and Building Ground in London and W , and that

gradually, or as Applications for a Grant or Renewal of Leases shall occur, the Opinion and Report of an Architect of Eminence may be obtained, as to the Improvements which may be practicable, and hdvifable on the Part of the Crown; I am commanded by their Lordships to acquaint you that they approve of your directing the general Plan to be made, as recommended in your Report.

I am, Sir,

Your most humble Servaftt,

Treasury Chambers,

20th July, 1793.

John Fordyce, Esquire,

Surveyor General Crown Lands.

38 Geo. III. n° januarii. 191

N° i:(A.)

, To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

The Memorial of John Fordyce, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue:

My Lords,

Your Lordships having, by your Minute dated the 4th Current, signified your Pleasure that eminent Architects should be desired to offer Plans for the General Improvement of the Buildings on the Crown's Estate, and that no Lease should be granted which might be inconsistent with such Improvement, I conceive it to be my Duty now to bring under your Lordships' Consideration the State of the Property of the Crown within the Palace of Whitehall.

Before the Fire, which destroyed the principal Parts of the Palace in the Reign of King , from which

Time it ceased to be a Royal Residence, the Houses and Buildings in the Three Scotland and White-

hall Court, &c. were chiefly occupied by the different Officers and Servants attendant upon the Palace. Afterwards, the Court being removed to Saint James's, Leases were from Time to Time granted of different Parts of the Scite of Whitehall, and Houses erected thereon for the Residence of the Grantees. Nearly the Whole of Privy Garden and Whitehall Court have been thus granted by Lease, and are now held as Part of His Majesty's Land Revenue. Some Leases have also been granted of Parts of Scotland Yards; but the greater Part of the Buildings there, though they ceased, upon the Removal of the Court, to be employed for the Service of the Royal Household, have continued in the Posses-iion of different Officers in the Appointment v of the Lord Chamberlain and Lord Steward.

Upon the Reduction of the Civil List Establishment, in consequence of the Act passed in 1783, several of the Offices with which Houses or Apartments had been held were abolished; and in 1787 an Act was passed for the Sale (among others) of upwards of Twenty different Houses or Tenements in Scotland Yards: But it -being afterwards found that the Sale of those Houses Would be a very great Impediment to the Improvement of the rest of His Majesty's Property in Whitehall, it was deemed advisable not to fell them j and by the Act of the last Session of Parliament for the better Management of the Land Revenue, the Act which authorized the Sale was repealed, and the Houses and Grounds were put under the same Regulations as the rest of the Land Revenue.

In consequence of the Authority given to me by your Lordships' Letter, dated the 20th Day of July 1793, to cause a General Plan to be made, of the Crown's Estate in Houses and Building Ground in London and Westminster, a Map or Ground Plan has been made of -the Property of the Crown in; which is of

.considerable Extent and great Valuer though, in its present State, it yields little Advantage to the Public j and 1 humbly propose to your Lordships; that I may be authorized to lay Copies of the Map, which I have mentioned, before Architects eminent in their Proses-fion, for their Information and Assistance, and to offer a Reward of £.200 to the Person who shall produce -such Plans and Elevations for new Streets and Buildings in Whitehall and Scotland Yards, as shall meet with lyour Lordships' Approbation.

Those Architects should be instructed to -form their <Plans in such a Manner as not to affect the principal and most substantial of the Houses now Handing in this Part of the Crown's Estate, nor render the Access to them less commodious; but to pay no Regard to Houses or Buildings which are in a ruinous State, or of little Value, and which may be found to £kand in the Vox.. 53.

Way of the belt Plan for the Ornament, Accommodation, and Improvement of that Quarter of the Town. If, in consequence of the Alterations which may take place, in carrying into Execution the Plan which may be adopted, any same of particular Hardship shall arise,

I shall think it my Duty, in pursuance of the Spirit and Principle of your Lordships' Minute, to state the Circumstances to the Board of Treasury, that your Lordships may be enabled to judge of the Compensation to which the Parties may be entitled.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

John Fordyce,

Surv' Gen1,

12th November 1794:

N 2. (B.)

Sir,1 ,

Having Hid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury your Memorial, dated the 12th Ultimo, representing that in consequence of the Authority contained in the Letter from this Board of the 20th. July 1793, a Map or Ground Plan has been made of the Property of the Crown in Whitehall, and propoling that you may be authorized to lay Copies of the said Map before Architects eminent in their Profession, for their Information and Alflftance, and to offer a Reward of £. 200 to the Person who shall produce such Plans and Elevations for new Streets and Buildings in -' hall and Scotland Yards as shall meet with their Lordships' Approbation, submitting also the Instructions to be given to the Architects relative to the forming their Plans j I am commanded by their Lordships to acquaint you, that they are pleased to approve of youj offering a Reward of £. 200 in the Manner you have suggested.

I am,

' ‘ Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Charles Long,

Treasury Chambers;

2d December 1794.

John Fordyce, Esquire;

Surv1 Gen1 Crown Lands.

N- 3- (A.).

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships, .

In obedience to your Lordships' Commands, signified to toe by Mr. Long's Letter of the 14th Current, ! have coolidered the Proposal of the Duke of to relinquish his Rights of Way through Park, and to give a Piece of Land; Tart of his Grace's -Farm at Barrow Hills, in exchange for an Acre and a Half of Land on the North Side of the Road opposite -to Nottingham Place', and for a Slip of Land, i,6od Yards in Length; and 54 Feet, Or 18 Yards, in Breadth, computed in the Proposal; and on the Plan which accompanied it; to contain about, or nearly. Two Acres, but which, according to my Computation, contains 5a. . 3X. 32P. or nearly Six Acres. Both of these Pieces of Land are Parts of the said Estate, called Marybone Park, belonging to His Majesty;

The Objects of the Duke of Portland are stated in -the Proposal to be, to provide a Situation for a new Parish Church for the Parish of Marybone, on the Piece of Ground containing an Acre and an Half; and to make a Road on the Slip of Land, to communicate with a Spot of Ground now belonging to the Duke, and intended for a new Burying Ground.

This being the First Time in which I have been, called upon, since my Appointment as Surveyor Ge->

mnXf

* th Report pa. j.

Acts 19 Geo. II. c. 3$.

3 Geo. III. c. no.

192 ii°jMuariu .1798.

neral, to give an Opinion tin any pfoptifed Alteration or Improvement of any of the Estates of the Crown, I think it proper to observe to your Lordships, that until the Reports of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue shall have been considered, and a Plan for the future Management adopted-, I shall think it my Duty to keep in View the System of Management and Improvement which they have.recommended. But as they thought it right, for Reasons which they have assigned, to make their Reports on the Grown Lands general, and not to give a minute Description of each Estate, or of the particular Gircumstances to be attended to in the Improvement of it, and as this is one of the most valuable and improveable of the demised Estates now belonging to the Crown, I think it necessary to be more full in this Report than the Circumstances stated in the Proposal may, on the first View, seem to require.

I have perused all the Papers within my Power relative to this Estate, and have often personally viewed it as well during the Time that the Landed Estates of the Crown were under my Consideration, as Ohe of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, as in conseqtience of the Reference which your Lordships have now made to me.

Marybone Park is situated in the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancrai, and extends from Alsop

Street, and the Buildings on Mr. Estate,

Northward of Portman Square, on the West, nearly to Tottenham Court Road on the East; the great New Road From Paddington to Islington, made about 27 Years ago, pafftis through it; and Portland Charlotte

Portland Place, Harley Street, Devonshire Place, -bone High Street, and Nottingham Place, abut on it on the Soutlf; and every one of the Streets which lead Northward from Oxford Street, if continued in the fame

Direction, would pass through it; on the North, towards Hampstead, it extends to the Bottom of

Hill-, and the whole contains, by a Survey made in 1753, 554 a. -r. 13P., and isTythe free.

This Estate was formerly kept as a Park, in the Possession of the Crown, flocked with Deer; and was full of valuable Timber. A Particular of it, taken from a Survey made during the Usurpation of Crdmwell, is preserved in my Office. ' Soon after the Restoration it was granted for 65 Years to Sir Henry Bennett, Secretary of State, afterwards Earl of Arlington, at a Rent of £.36. 14 s.6d. without any Fine, after a Report of Sir Charles Harbord, then Surveyor General, in which he stated that a Lease of it for 31 Years was worth £. 6,000 in Fine, referring a Rent of £.200 a Year.

The Whole was comprehended under One Lease, and many subsequent Renewals took place, - to different Pe rfons, at the same reserved Rent, but for different Fines, until the Year 1764, when, at the Delire of Mrs. Lucy Jacomb and Mr. Jacob Hittde, who were at that

Time Joint Tenants in a Lease ending 24th July 1785, a new Lease was granted of Fifteen Twenty-fourth . Parts of the Estate to Mrs. Jacomb, for a Rever-

lionary Term of Ten Years, reserving a Yearly Rent of £.22. 19s.-, and at the same Time another Rever-lionary Lease was granted to Jacob Hinde of the remaining Nine Twenty-fourth Parts of the Estate, for the tfame Term of Years, reserving a Rent of £. 13. 15 r. 6 d.

To both these Leases jk Years were added in 1772,

' to commence from the 24th July 1793; and the Rents, according to an Alteration adopted a short Time before in the Management of the demised Estates, were increased to £.96.. 3 J. 4 d.for the Fifteen Twenty-fourth

-.Parts, and £. 57. 13 s.ii{d. for the Nine Twenty-fourth Parts.

And in 1780 a ReverOonary Term of Eight Years, to commence in 1803, was granted to Jacomb of the Fifteen Twenty-fourth Parts, reserving the same Rent of £. 96. 35. \d. -, but Hinde, the Lessee of the remaining Nine Twenty-fourth Parts, being a Lunatic, no Renewal was obtainedfoifhim. . -.: , .....j

The Lease to Jacomb has been lately purchased by the Duke of Portland. ' ' '

The Estate is undivided, and is all let to One Sub-Tenant, whole Lease, I am, informed, expires in 1803, being 1 \ Year after the Termination of the Lease to Hinde, and Six Years before the End of that bought by the Dlike of Portland.

This undivided Property will, therefore, according to the present Leases, be held, in the-Proportions above-mentioned, by the Duke of Portland and Mr. Hinde for pr Yeats, and by the Duke of Portland and the Crown for Eight Years afterwards.

From the Mixture of Rights which has been created by granting Two Leases in an undivided Property, and to One Lessee for a longer Term than to the Other, from the Circumstance of Mr. Hinde having granted a Lease of his Proportion for a longer Term than he had himself obtained from the Crown, as well as from the ancient Mound, or Ring Fence, which was placed round the whole Estate, having, in different Parts, been removed in digging the Foundations of the adjoining Buildings, it is obvious t;hat some Enquiry, and some general Arrangement among the Parties interested, should speedily be made, to prevent Disputes or Embarrass'ment; but it is in this, Instance particularly to be regretted, that the Practice of granting Reversionary Terms should have postponed the great Improvement which may be expected on this valuable Estate to so remote a Period; and Care must be taken not to add to the Embarrass-. ment, or still farther to impede the Improvement; By any previous Proceeding or partial Alteration. ' ‘

The Road proposed to be made by the Duke of Portland would extend along the West Boundary of the Estate for near a Mile, and would cut obliquely through all such Streets, Westward of Nottingham Place, as should be extended over this Estate. This Circumstance, as well as that of the proposed Road being made a Passage to a Burying Ground for so large and populous a Distriift, might perhaps be found to lessen the Value of the Ground for Building to such a Degree, as no Price or Value that could be expected to be given to the Crown for the Land desired would be found sufficient to compensate.

I must therefore humbly recommend, that before agreeing to this or any other Proposal for the Alteration or Disposal of any Part of Mary bone Park, a general Plan should be formed , for the Improvement of the Whole of it, left such partial Alteration should afterwards be found inconiiftent with what should, on full Consideration, and the belt Advice, be deemed most for the Benefit of the Crown.

And, in order to enable your Lordships to determine on the best Information what Plan it would be prudent to adopt, I would humbly propose that I should be authorized to employ a Surveyor to examine the Accuracy of a Plan of Marybone Park, made about 40 Years ago, and now in my Office, and to add to it a general Sketch of the Streets leading to it, and of such of the Lands adjoining to it as appeared to be materially connected with the Improvement of this Property; that an Engraving should be made of that PJari, which I apprehend might be done at no great Expence; that One of the engraved Plans should be given to every Architect of Eminence in London, and that a considerable Reward should be given to the Person who should produce such a Plan for an Addition to the Town on those Grounds, as, after having been laid before His Majesty and your Lordships, should be adopted. Such Archite&s as may be willing to offer Plans should be'desired not only to delineate the Streets, Squares, public Buildings, and the Course of the Sewers, but to suggest also the Means of providing a Supply of Wattir for the Inhabitants, the Scarcity of which is already complained of in the new Streets in that Quarter. i

The Expence of obtaining a Plan in this Manner would idoubtless-.be amply compensated by the additional

1

38 Geo. III.

11

Januarii.

193

tional Ground Rent which would be obtained for the Privilege of Building in so eligible a Situation, where the Whole being the Plan of One Architect, the Parts would be coniiftent with each other, and where, under the Encouragement and Protection of Government, Ornament as well as Convenience would probably be attended to.

The Plan for improving the whole Estate being thus formed, any Proposal for the Accommodation of the Duke of Portland',or the Improvement of his or any other adjoining Property, not inconsistent with that Plan, would naturally be attended to, and, if referred to me, I should have great Satisfaction in recommending.

Perhaps, on a full Consideration of all the Circumstances, of the Difficulties which have been described, and the Duration of the present Leases, which postpone the public Object without enabling the Lessees to encourage Building, the only great Improvement of which the Estate is capable, some Terms of Arrangement may occur, by which the Obstacles in the Way of that Improvement might be removed, with Advantage to all the Parties interested.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

John Fordyce,

37th June 1 793. Surveyor General.

N# 4.

N 3. (B.)

Sir,

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury having had under Consideration your Report upon the Subjedb of a Proposal from the Duke of to

Telinquish his Rights of W'ay through Marybone and to give a Piece of Land upon his Grace's Farm at Barrow Hills, in Exchange for Two Pieces of Land, Part of the Estate belonging to His Majesty, called Marybone Park, in order to provide a Situation for a new Church for the Parish of Maryboney and to make a Road to the Ground intended for a new Burying Ground, wherein you recommend that before agreeing to any Proposal for the Disposal of any Part of Marybone Parky a general Plan should b? formed for the Improvement of the Whole of it; and in order to enable their Lordships to determine what Plan it would be prudent to adopt, you submit that you should be authorized to employ a Surveyor to examine the Accuracy of a Plan of Marybone Parky made about 40 Years ago, and to add to it such adjoining Lands as appear to be materially connected with the Improvement of the Property; that an engraved Plan of the same should be given to every Architect of Eminence in London, and a considerable Reward given to the Person who shall produce such a Plan (describing the several Particulars therein mentioned) for such an Addition to the Town on those Grounds, as, after having been laid before His Majesty and this Board, may be adopted; I am commanded by their Lordships to acquaint you they approve of the Suggestions set forth in your Report, and are pleased to direct you to take the necessary Steps accordingly, and to offer a Reward not exceeding One thousand Pounds for the fame.

I am,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Charles Long.

Treasury Chambers,

Sept' 19 th 1793.

John Fordyce,' Esquire,

Surveyor General of Crown Lands *

Vol. 53.

To the Right Honoumbic the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

My Lords,

Mr. Long, by his Letter of the lift of April, has transmitted to me a Memorial of Robert Esquire,

praying His Majesty's Permission to extend the Iron' Railing in the Green Park, before his House in James's Place, to range in a Line with the Rails before the House of Lord Viscount Malden, and to erect a Bow Window to projeCl into the Park as far as his present Bow Window, and desired that I would slate, for the Information of your Lordships, in what Manner it ought to be carried into Execution.

I find by the Entries in my Office, that Mr. Smith's House is built partly on Freehold Ground, and partly on a Piece of Ground belonging to the Crown, containing 16 Feet 5 Inches in Front or Breadth towards the Park, and 29 Feet 7 Inches in Length from Eaffc to West; that the last mentioned Piece of Ground is held under a Lease from the Crown, granted 4th January 1753, to Sir John Cope, Baronet, for a Term of which Nine Years were unexpired on the 4th of January last at a Rent of 40 Shillings per Annum; and that the Area in the West Front of the House was inclosed from the Park, and a Bow Window erected on Part of it, by virtue of a Licence from his late Majesty, by Warrant under the Hands of the Lords Justices, dated the 13th of June 1745, to hold during his Majesty's Pleasure i which Licence having expired on the Demise of his late Majesty, and not having been renewed, the Bo\v Window, with the Area in the Park, have been held from that Time without any Title or Authority, and without the Payment of any Rent or Acknowledgment.

I have caused the annexed Plan to be taken, which describes both the Ground comprized in the Lease to Sir John Cope, and that which was granted during his late Majesty's Pleasure, and also the additional Ground now desired to be taken from the Park, and the Extent of the proposed new Bow Window.

On former Applications- for Leave to inclose small Pieces of Ground from the Parks, for the Accommodation of adjacent Houses, Licences have usually been granted by Warrant under the King's Sign Manual, to hold during His Majesty's Pleasure, reserving a Rent of 20 Shillings a Year, or other small Sum, as an Acknowledgment, and for the Preservation of the Right of the Crown; and there are several Examples of Buildings, in Addition to adjoining Houses, having been raised on Ground held under such Grants: But an Act . having recently passed for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, it becomes more particularly my Duty to suggest any Objections which may occur to me, to the Continuance of any Practice, however long established, which appears to be either contrary to the Spirit of that Act, inexpedient in itself, or hurtful to the Crown's Estate; and to recommend such Rules of Proceeding, as it may be prudent in every similar same to pursue.

By the Provisions in the Act, Ground may be let for Building, for any Term not exceeding 99 Years, or Three Lives; and such Rent must be referred as the Lords of the Treasury shall deem a reasonable Rent or Consideration for the lame: But there is nothing in the Act which can be understood to authorize "a Licence to build on a Grant during Pleasure, reserving an inadequate Rent; neither would it seem to be expedient to grant such Licences for Building, even if the Act could be construed to admit of it.

Where a permanent Building is erected, and a confi derable Expence is incurred, on a Grant expressed to be relumable at the Will of the Proprietor, some Con 3 D fidenct

194 n° Januarii. . 1798.

fidence in the Grantor, or some (ecret Understanding mud be suppofld to exist, which would always give Rife to Complaints against the Crown, if the Grant should be resumed, and against the Officer who should think it his Duty to recommend, either that the Rent should be increased, or that a Period should be put to the Grant.

The Property seems, indeed, to be put by such Grants into an unprofitable State for all the Parties interested :-The Crown receives little Advantage in Point of Revenue; the Continuance of the Grant, after it has been made, is thought to be no Favour; the Resump-tion Would be felt to be an Injury; and the Grantee, if he should desire to fell his Interest, would find that a Purchaser would not give any considerable Price for Property held by no legal or certain Tenure; besides that it cannot? be agreeable to hold Property entirely at the Will of another, however small the Chance may be of its being resumed.

That your Lordships may have a jud View of the Grants of this Kind which have been made, and may be enabled to judge of their Expediency from pad Experience, I shall subjoin to this Report a Lid of all the Grants during Pleasure that now exid, with their Dates, and the Rents payable for them, divided into Two Clares, the one containing those on which Buildings hive been raised, and the other those used only as Garden or Pleasure Ground. From the Date of some of those Warrants during Pleasure, it appears that they have been held for a much longer Time than could have been granted by Lease under the Civil Lid Act of Queen Anne., and without the Payment of any Rent or Fine; and dill it would be thought a Hardship even now to resume them.

If it shall, therefore, be His Majesty's Pleasure to grant the Favour desired by Mr. , I would humbly recommend that an Edimate may be made by Surveyors, in the Manner directed by the Act of Parliament recently passed, of the Ground comprized in the Lease to Sir John Cope, and of that granted during his late Majesty's Pleasure, and also of the additional Ground now desired to be taken from the Park; and that One Lease may be granted of the Whole; for such Term as may be deemed proper, when the State of the House already built on Part of the Premifies, the Nature of the proposed Addition, and other relative Circumstances, have been considered, reserving such Rent as your Lordships shall think a reasonable Consideration for the fame: And I would farther, with great Deference, propose that the same Mode of Proceeding should be followed in all similar Applications; and that those Persons who have already erected Buildings of any Importance on Grants during Pleasure, may be informed that they may have Leases on similar Conditions.

But though Leases may be granted in all Cases of this Nature, where any valuable Building has been erected, as the Regulations proposed for abolishing Fees have not yet been adopted, the same Alteration, however de-firable, cannot be made on Grants during Pleasure where there are no valuable Buildings erected, or proposed to be erected, on Account of the present Expence of Crown Leases.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

John,

Survr Gen1.

13th June 1794,

N 5.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

My Lords,

Applications having been made to your Lordships by Lord Grenville and Mr. Errington, the Duke of Bridge-

water, Earl Spencer, Mr. Smith, Lord Malden, and the

Marquis of Salisbury, for separate Grants of small Portions of Ground in the Green Park, near to their different Houses, I have, in obedience to your Lordships' Orders of Reference, taken their Memorials into Consideration, and have referred also to the Act ktely passed for the better Management of the Land Revenue, and to the Rules which your Lordships have been pleased to establish for the Regulation of my Proceeding, in Cafes where not only the private Accommodation of Petitioners, but the more general Improvement or Embellishment of the adjoining Property of the Crown, may be in question. \

The Parties making these Applications are all Proprietors of Houses situated on the East Side of the Green Park. The Objects set forth in their Memorials or Petitions are to remove certain low Buildings or Sheds, which are applied to Purposes which'render them extremely offer.five to the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Houses; to construct subterraneous Offices; or to have Flower Gardens on the Portions of Ground applied for which would not only be a great Accommodation to them, and an Ornament to their Property, but would keep the Cattle, and Persons frequenting the Parks, at a greater Diflunce from their Windows, and at the same Time preserve the View over the Park.

In the Line with those Houses there are various others which would, in the same Manner, be benefited by similar Allotments: But the Improvement of that Side of the Park would be incomplete, unless the Plan should be made general; and it is probable that all the Proprietors will apply to your Lordships for such Grants as soon as they shall see the Effect of the proposed Improvement.

I thought it right, therefore, to view the Ground with Lord Evjion, the Ranger of the Park, and to point

out to his Lordship the general Line of Inclosure which would, in my Opinion, be most conducive to the Beauty of the Park, and at the same Time give to the Parties applying all the Advantages they desired; and that Line having met with his complete Approbation, I ordered an accurate Plan to be made of the Whole of that Side of the Park, in its present State, with the low Buildings and Sheds which it is proposed to remove, and directed th.e Surveyors to delineate upon it, not only the general Boundary of the proposed Inclosures, but also the particular Limits and Dimensions of each Allotment. That Plan will be laid before your Lordships with this Report, in order that the Inconveniences from;which each particular House will be relieved, and the Advantages it will acquire by the intended . Alteration, may be under View at the Time that the Rents proposed to be reserved are taken into Consideration, so that a Judgment may be formed, whether they are such as the late Act requires, namely, a reasonable Consideration for the Grant or Lease, and whether they are rated in a just Proportion to each other.

To guide the Surveyors in estimating the Allotments, as far as it was right for me to do so, by pointing out the Principles which they should have in View, I directed that in no Instance the Rents to be proposed for the Ground to be now taken from the Park, should exceed the additional Value which they should be of Opinion the Houses would acquire by having those Allotments annexed to them; and no other Instruction than tfiis appeared to be requisite in estimating the Ground to be granted to Lord Grenville, Part of which the Surveyors have valued at .1 s. a Foot in Front, and the Remainder at ior. a Foot, making a Rent of £.33. t8r. 4 d.per Annum: But it became necessary to give farther Instructions with respect to the Parts lying opposite to the Property of the Duke of Bridge-water, and to a Part of that of Earl Spencer, where those Houses and Sheds are situated, which are justly complained of as a Nuisance to the Dwellings near them, but which are of some Value to the Crown; for other

Accom-

38 Geq. III.

11° Januarii.

95

Accommodations must be found instead of them for the Palace, and for the Officers by whom they are now occupied, as particularly set forth in my Report of the 29th of April last, and that will be attended with fonte

Expence.

The Crown has the undoubted Right to let the Scite of those low Buildings, either for raising large and valuable Houses, without any Limitation on the Height, or for building < pach Houses and Stables not higher than the present Buildings; and if the last mentioned Plan should be adopted, the Inconvenience to the adjoining Property would, in some Degree, be lessened, and the Value of it improved though neither the Im-

frovement of that Property, nor the Ornament to the 'ark, would be so great as it would, be if all Building the re should be prohibited, and the whole Ground laid out in Gardens.

Under these Circumstances, in order to give your Lordships a distinct View of the Plan, which I mean to propose, as well for the Preservation or Increase of the Beauty of the Park, as for the Accommodation of the noble Petitioners; and at the same Time to enable your Lordships more ealily to judge whether the Rent to be proposed is that " reasonable Consideration" which is required by the Act of Parliament, I thought it necessary to direct the Surveyors to make Two Designs, one for building Dwelling Houses upon that Ground, and another for Stables and Coach Houses, each to be lb situated as to be as little inconvenient as possible to the neighbouring Houses; and to estimate what Ground Rent the Crown might easily obtain for either.

In pursuance of those Instructions, the Surveyors have made a Plan for the Building of Dwelling Houses, and a Valuation, certified on Oath, in which they estimate the Part of this Ground, proposed to be granted to the Duke of Bridgewater, at 30 j. Foot, making a Rent of £.98. 5 s.; and the Part of the Ground pro- posed to be granted to Earl , which is now cover-

ed with low Buildings, but which has more Depth than the Duke of Bridgwater's, at 35 per Foot, making a Rent of £. 136. 18 r 9 d.per Annum; and they have sent a Plan also, and a Valuation, on Oath, of the same Ground, disposed of for the Purpose of building Stables and Coach Houses, where the Ground Rent of the Duke of Bridgeivater's Part of this Plot is 125. per Foot,

- making a Rent of £-39- 6s. and the Ground Rent of Earl Spencer's Part is i8r. p Foot, making a Rent of

£.70. 8r. 6 d.

Taking all the Circumstances into Consideration, I beg leave, with great Deference, to submit to your Lordships, whether it may not be a reasonable Arrangement between the Crown and those noble Persons, that the Grants should be made to them reserving the lowest of those Rents, namely, the Rent for the Ground disposed of as for Stables; and that they should be, at the same Time, restrained from erecting any Buildings higher than the present Surface, or from applying the Surface to any other Use than that of ornamental Gardens.

By this Arrangement the Crown would, for the Sake of embellishing the Park, and of adding to the Accommodation of the Duke of Bridgewater and Earl Spencer, make a Sacrifice of the Difference between that Rent and the higher Rent for Dwelling Houses, reserving at ithe same Time such a Rent as might, according to the Spirit and Principle of the late Act of Parliament, be reckoned a reasonable Consideration for the Grant; and though theft noble Persons would give up the Advantage which might arlfe to them, as Lessees under the Crown, from building Stables and Coach Houses, yet their own Houses would, by that Sacrifice on their Part, be rendered more plealant and beautiful, and consequently of greater Value.

In estimating the Rent to be proposed for the Remainder of the Ground desired by Earl , on

Vol. 53.

which there are no Buildings at present, and for all the Parts of the Park to be granted to the Proprietors of Houses between Earl Spencers and Piccadilly, these general Direct ions were given to the Surveyors: To put a,reasonable Rent, at the same Rate per -Foot, on the Length of the Front for the whole Line of Buildings, for a Space of.40 Feet in Breadth next to the Houses j in which Space, if the Parties should desire it, fubter-raneous Offices might be built, to rife no higher, of very little higher, than the present Surface, and the Roof to be covered with Earth, of sufficient Depth for the Turf to grow over it; and as some of the Allotments intended to be granted are of greater Breadth than others (the proposed Boundary with the Park being, a waving Line) the Surveyors were desired to put a fair and reasonable Rent, computed by the Square Foot cf Surface, on all the Surplus Ground in each Allotment beyond the Space of 46 Feet from the Houses, and which, being too remote for such Offices could be applied to no other Use than that of a Garden. As it is probable, however, that the Proprietors of some of the Houses may not be desirous of building Offices within the Park, and it is reasonable that they should have their Option to take a Grant of that Privilege or not, and pay a Rent accordingly, the Surveyors have, by my Direction, certified their Opinion of the Value of each Allotment to be used as Garden only adhering to the Principle first laid down for thei'r Guidance in this Business. The Extent of each Allotment, the Limit of the Space of 40 Feet in Breadth, and the Line of the proposed Inclosures, are all delineated on the Plan transmitted with this Report; and, according to the Valuations of the Surveyors, the Rents of the different Allotments will be as follows: ,

Henry Errington Lord Grenville - -

The Duke of Bridgewa, Earl Spencer -

Robert Smith, Esq. -Lord Malden - , -Duke of St. Albans -Earl of Moira - -

Lord Vernon -

Lord Gage -

Lord Yarborough Sir John Hort - -Lord Drndas - -

Marquis of Salisbury Marquis of Bath Lord Eardley - -

Lord Romney - -

£ 5. d. £ s. d.

2 2 2 — 2 2 2

33 18 4 — 33 18 4

vr 124 IO — or 65 11 —

- 190 . 6 or 109 11 S

19 19 — or H 7 —

- 3° 9 6s or 21 16 H

- 16 1 St or 11 1 9i

- 16 2 11 or xo 18 S

- 11 10 81 or 7 J3 6 i

- 13. 2 7 i or 8 12 71

- 11 8 ii or 7 7 Si

" 7 2 9 or 4 11 ii

- 14 6 or 9 — 9i-

- 10 1 3 or 6 $ 7

- 12 11 ioi or 7 16 6f

- 20 H ii or 12 7 3

- 8 6 4 or S 3 10

1- 14 9 3 or 9 2 ii

l SSI 8 I £347 7 6

If this Plan should be adopted, I would humbly propose that the exterior Fence of the whole Inclosure should be a plain simple Iron Rail, all of an uniform Plan, and the Divisions between the Allotments a Fence of the same Kind; and that the erecting of any Buildings or Walls on any Part of the Ground, and the planting of any Thing that may impede the View or Prospect from any of the Houses, should be strictly prohibited.

If the Plan shall be completely executed, it will, I humbly apprehend, prove a very great Ornament to the Park, and produce a considerable Addition to the Land Revenue: A very ftnall Expence will be. incurred, and a Fund provided for defraying a Part of the Charge which the Crown sustains, of keeping the Parks, and the Roads, and Walks in them, in Repair, for the Benefit ‘ of the Public $ while the Grantees, by converting the Ground into ornamental Gardens, bounded only by an Iron Rail between their Houses and the public Walk,

will

19 6 ii° Januarii. . 1798.

will add to the Beauty of the Situation: the Nuisances and offensive Circumstances which they have complained of will be removed, their Residence rendered more pleasant and undisturbed, and the Value of their Property increased, much beyond the Amount of the Rents which the Surveyors have put on their different Allotments.'

Most of the Proprietors of Houses on that Side of the Park are already possessed of small Slips of Ground, inclosed from the Park, under Licences from His Majesty, or the late King, which are edmprized in the Valuations made by the Surveyors, and will, of course, be included in any Leases that may be granted j and some of them also hold their Houses under Leases from the Crown, and are desirous of renewing the m. I have not thought it necessary to state thele Circumstances minutely in this Report; but if your Lordships shall so far approve of the general Plan here proposed, as to think it proper to lay it before His Majesty, for His Royal Pleasure thereon, and His Majesty shall be graciously pleased to direct it to be carried into Execution, I shall make separate Reports, consistently therewith, on such Applications as have already been referred, or which may afterwards be referred to me, by your Lordships, from any of the Proprietors of the Hdufes adjoining to the proposed Improvements.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

"John

10th July 1795. Surv' Gen1.

N° 6. (A.)

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury. '

My Lords,

I think it necessary to represent to your Lordships, that the Street called Tichborne Street (late Lane) with Part of Marybone Street (being a principal Avenue from the middle and lower Parts of the Town to Golden Square, Hanover Square, Oxford , and the numerous

Streets and Squares in their Vicinity, and forming a Part of the most direct Communication from the Houses of Parliament and Westminster , to the principal Streets in the upper Part of Marybone) is at present very narrow and incommodious, so as not only to occasion frequent Stoppages of Carriages, and other Inconveniences, but likewise to affect the Value of the Property, both in these Two Streets, and in others with which they communicate.

The Houses on the North Side of Street

are private Property, belonging to different Owners. The Whole of the South Side-of that Street and both Sides of Marybone Street, Air , Vine , and other adjacent Streets, belong to the Crown. The Crown is also possessed of a large and valuable Estate at Marybone, formerly called Marybone , adjoining to the Ends of Harley Street and Portland , and very advantageously situated for building. The widening and improving of Tichbornt Street and Marybone Street would, therefore, I apprehend, not only increase the Value of the Crown's Estate in that Neighbourhood, but at the same Time, by improving the Access to the Marybone Park Estate, would tend to enhance the Value of that Property, by affording additional Inducements to build thereon. 1

In order to promote Objects so desirable, I directed . the Surveyors, employed in this Department, to form a Plan for widening Tichborne Street and Marybone,

to examine the State of the Buildings, and report their Opinion on the Subject. A Copy of the Plan is transmitted herewith for your Lordships Inspection; and the Surveyors have certified that all the Houses on the South Side of Tichborne Street are very old and flight Buildings, and some of them in a ruinous Condition;

and have recommended that the Whole should be rebuilt, and the Fronts set back, so as to widen the Street to the Breadth of about 40 Feet; and they have valued the Remainder of the Ground to be let on Building Leases, at Ground Rents which exceed what the Houses have hitherto produced, by the Rents and Fines for former Leases.

Some of the Houses in Marybone Street within the Limits of the proposed Plan arc at present substantial, and do not require to be rebuilt; but these are situated in a Part of the Street where the Alteration may be deferred with the least Inconvenience to the Public or Prejudice to the Estate of the Crown. There are, indeed} but few Examples where any extensive Plan for the Improvement of the Estate of the Crown in London can be carried at once into complete Effect, without incurring greater Expence, or making greater Sacrifices, than I should think it prudent to recommend. My Intention, therefore, is to propose that those Plans, if approved of when laid before your Lordships, shall be gradually executed, as the Terms of the Leases expire; and I accordingly earnestly recommend to your Lordships the Adoption of this Plan for the Improvement of Tichborne Street, by which the Public will acquire the Benefit of having a much frequented Thoroughfare materially improved, without any Expence, or Sacrifice of Income, on the Part of tire Crown, and with a Prospect of very confulcrable Advantage to the Land Revenue, from its Influence on other Parts of that Estate; and as it happens that Nine of the Houses in Tichborne Street are now out of Lease, arrd the Lessees of several others have applied to renew their Leases, and are willing to concur in the proposed Plan for widening the Street, the present is a favourable Time for beginning this Improvement.

This Plan will be connected with another Advantage to the Neighbourhood, by the Continuation of the new Sewer recommended by me to be built in Tichborne Street and Marybone Street, and already in Part executed (as Hated in my Report of the 12th last on the Petition of James Taber) the Remainder of which Sewer it is proposed should be built, progressively, by the Persons to whom new Leases shall be granted of the Property of the Crown in those Streets.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

John Fordyce,

'31st May 1796. Surv'Gen1.

N 6. (B.)

Sir,

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury your Report of 31st of May last, submitting to their Lordships a Plan for improving and widening Tichborne Street, with Part of Mary ben: Street, which you propose shall be gradually executed as the Leases expire, and will, as you apprehend, increase the Value of the Crown's Estate; and suggesting that as several of the Lessees have applied to renew their'Leases, and are willing to concur in the proposed Plan, the present is a favourable Time for beginning this Improvement; I am commanded by my Lords to acquaint you that they approve of the said Plan being carried into Execution, in the Manner suggested by you.

I am,

Sir,

Your most humble Servant, Treasury Chambers, Chef Long.

17 th August 1796.

John Fordyce, Esquire,

Surv' Gen1 Land Revenue.

V -

38 Geo. III. ii° Januarii. 197

N° 7. (A.) 4 Charles I. and of another Grant to Pay, Bellamy,

Sir, ering, and Stanton, dated 23d in the same Year, The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to all the Coppices, Woods, Underwoods, and Woodhaving resumed the Consideration of your Report of lands, and the Ground and Soil thereof, within the May -the 23d of March last, on the Subject of a Grant to the or Walk of and to all Timber and other Trees

Earl of Westmorland, of all the Estate, Right, Title, and and Wood whatsoever, as well within the said Coppices,

Interest, now remaining in His Majesty, in the Hay or Woods, and Woodlands, as in the Lawns, Ridings,

Walk of Sulehay Farm and Shoftwood, and Morehay Limits and Prccindls, of the said Hay cr Walk, except Walk, in the Forest of Rockingham; wherein you Rate all Mines of Lead and Tin, and all Royal Mines, and what you conceive to be the remaining Rights of the Herbage of the said Woodlands for the King's Dec; and Crown in the said Walks, but that Lord Westmorland Wild Bealls; and that by virtue of the First of thele does not admit the Rights of the Crown to that Extent, Two Grants, he is entitled to the Office of Keeper of and has proposed that the Points on which there may the Lawn of Morehay, and of all the Woods and Deer be any Question between him and tho'fe who aft on within the said Lawn and Woods, commonly under the Behalf of the Crown may be referred to Arbitration, to Care of the Keeper of the Lawn of and Keeper

which Mode of Settlement you fee no Cause to object; of all the other Woods and Deer, with the Houses or and fuggelTthat if it meets their Lordships' Approba- Lodges near or adjacent to Morehay Lawn. tion, you will submit a Statement of the Matters in That, from the Year 1718 to the present Time, Lord Dispute', for the Directions of the Board, previously to Westmorla Family have held Leases from the Crown the laying them before the Arbitrators, or to the fixing of the Herbage and Deer Browse, as well within the the Consideration to be paid for the Rights desired to be Coppices and Woodlands, as within the Lawns, and purchased; I am commanded by their Lordships to ac- divers other Lands, in both the said Hays or Walks, quaint you, that they approve of the Matters in Dif- under an Annual Rent of £.2. 8j. and that the pute on the Part of the Crown and Lord Westmorlandlaft Lease of the said Herbage and Deer Browse, was being referred to Arbitration, and to desire you will granted 13th March 1782, to the present Earl of West-transmit the Statement to this Board, as iuggefted in morlarid, for the Lives ofhimselfand of the Honourable your Report. Thomas Fane, and the Honourable Fane: That

I am, each successive Lease of the Herbage and Deer Browse,

Sir, contains a Grant to the Lessee of all the Deer, during

Your most humble Servant, the Term of such Lease,-and an Exemption of the

Treasury Chambers, George Roje. Woods, and other Lands, from all Forest Rights during

20th March 1797. the same Term; together with divers Liberties and Pri-

John Fordyce, Esquire, vileges for enabling the Grantees to improve the Pro-

Surv' Gen1 Land Revenue, perty over which those Rights extend. Prior to the

granting of the First of thele Leases, a Supply of Deer N° 7. (B.) was Annually delivered by the Earls of Westmorland,

for the Use of the Royal Hoafehold: The Effect of To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of these Lealls has hitherto been to exempt the LefTecs His Majesty's Treasury. from supplying any Deer for the Ul'e of the King;

My Lords, but the Stock of Deer is still continued in both the

f received your Lordships' Commands by Mr. Roje' % Walks.

Letter of the 20th of March last, signifying that your Lord Family have likewise held, for a

Lordships approve of referring to Arbitration the Mat great Length of Time, by successive Grants for Lives, ters in Dispute on the Part of the Crown, and of the the Office of Master Forefler and Keeper of the Baili-Earl of Westmorland, relative to the remaining Rights of wick of C/iffe (which includes the Walk of as

the Crown in the Hays or Walks of Sulehay and Morehay, well as those of Sulehay and Morehay) and the Office in the Forest ol Rockingham, and desiring me to transmit of Supervisor of the Herbage and Hunting of the to your Lordships a Statement thereof. Woods, within the said Bailiwick, and Receiver of all

An Act having passed in the last Session of Parliament, Fines and Amerciaments for Offences committed there, to enable His Majesty to grant to the Earl of Westmor-with Power to appoint Rangers and Keepers, and a ' land, in Fee Simple, all the remaining Rights and Inte- Clerk or Steward of the Svvanimote Courts; and there

lefts of the Crown within those Walks, upon a full and are granted by the Letters Patent for the Wages of the

adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, it is in- Master Forefler 3. 6s. a Year, for the Ranger, dilpcnfably neccll'ary. to ascertain what those Rights 30 Shillings a Year, for the Keeper of each of the Walks consist of, in order that a just Estimate may be made x £ d. per Day, and for the Steward of the Swanimote of the Value of what is desired to be granted. Court 25 Shillings a Year, which are directed to be

Upon Perusal of the Grants from the Crown on which paid out of the Revenues of the Forest and Castle of Lord WJ!morland's Claims are founded, it appears to Rockingham. There are also granted to the Mailer

me that his Lordship is entitled, by virtue of a Grant Forelter, by the same Patent, all Deer-fallen Wood, in Fee to Sir Walter Mildmay, Knight, dated 29th Ja- Wind-fallen Wood, VermynTrees, and Coppice Hedges, /

unary, 3d and 4th of Philip and Mary, to the Office of within the said Bailiwick and Walks. The last Grant

Foreller or Keeper of the Hay or Walk of Sulehay Farms of these Offices and Premisses, dated 4th June 1776 , was

and Shortwood (commonly called Sulehay Walk) with all made to the present Earl of Westmorland, for the fame

Wages, Fees, Profits, and Advantages to the said Three Lives, lor which the Herbage and Deer Browse

Office belonging; and that by virtue of a Grant to the is, granted.

said Sir Walter Mildmay, dated 3d August, 13th Eliza- In the Report of the Commissioners of the Land Commiflkm-beth, he is in like Manner entitled to all the Coppices, Revenue concerning this Forest, the Commissioners ob- ers L nd Ke'

Woods, Underwoods, and Woodlands, and the Ground serve that " This Grant purports to convey to the Report, V «-

and Soil thereof, within the said Hay or Walk, and to " Master Foreller, Powers and Advantages which have-all Wood and Trees growing within the Bounds or Pre- " long been transferred from the Crown. It gives him cinfls of that Walk, except all Oak Trees, Ten Inches of " the Power of appointing a Keeper of Westhay Walk,

Assize Square, at the Height of Three Feet from the " which is held in Fee by the Earl of Exeter, and Ground, and Browse Wood for the Deer. " Keepers of the several YValks in held by

That Lord Westmorland is likewise entitled, in Per- " the Earl of Westmorland himself on the same Tenure, petuity, by virtue of a Grant to Nicholas Pay, Esquire, " It grants the Perquisites of Deer-fallen Wood, Wind-and Clement Bellamy, Gentleman, dated 30th May, " fallen Wood, Vermyn Trees, and Coppice Hedges,

Vol. f3. - 3 E . " in

198

" in Woods ind Coppices long since granted away,

" and Wages for the Keepers of all those Di ft rifts,

" from which the Crown was exonerated on granting " the -Offices in Fee; and it charges the Payment of " those Fees and Wages on the Revenues of the Castle " and Forest of Rockingham, which are also granted in " Fee. These Inconsistencies" (the Commissioners add)

" may perhaps have arisen from adhering too closely " to the Forms of ancient Grants, made at a Time " when those Offices and Privileges were in the Disposal of the Crown: But, from the Changes which " have taken place in consequence of subsequent " Grants, the Office of Mailer Forester of this Bailiwick seems to have become of little Value, and none " of the Salaries granted by the Patent are ever paid."

Upon the bed Judgment I am able to form of the whole Matter, I humbly conceive that the remaining Rights of the Crown, within the Walks of Sulehay and More hay, are as follows:

1. The Right to the Timber Trees in Sulehay

according to the Exception in the Grant of 13 Elizabeth.

In the Year 1764, the then Earl of for the Sum of £. 1,710, purchased of the Crown 2,750 Trees within this Walk, which were reported to be the whole Number of the Timber Trees then Handing on the Premisses, exclusive of Saplings liicely to become Timber. Some of those Trees are claimed by Lord Westmorland to be still Handing; but all such Trees as have become Timber since that Sale, and the Right to such as shall hereafter become Timber, arc admitted to belong to the Crown; and for these Lord Westmorland v agrees to pay an adequate Price in Money.

2. The Right to the Deer, and to Herbage and

Deer Browse in the Woodlands in both Walks, from the End of the subsisting Lease of the Herbage and Deer Browse for Three Lives.

Lord Westmorland claims not only to be entitled to the Deer during the Term of that Lease, but to be exempt from any Obligation to leave a Stock of Deer at the End of the Lease, or to restore them afterwards, in case he shall think fit, in the mean Time, to destroy them.

3. The Right to the Lodges, with the Lawns, and

other inclosed Lands, held by virtue of the Grants of the Kecperships.

4. The Right to the Soil of the open Ridings, Plains,

and other uninclosed Lands, and the Herbage thereof for the Deer.

I conceive Lord Westmorland to be entitled, as Forester or Keeper, to the Possession of the Lodges, and the Custody of the Lawns, and other inclosed Lands, applicable only to the Purposes for which the Keeperships were instituted, namely, the Care and Preservation of the Deer; but that the Lands belong to the Crown, subject to his Interest as Keeper and as Lessee of the Herbage and Deer Browse. Lord Westmorland does not admit them to be held under that Title, but claims to be entitled to the Lawns, and all other Lands in both Walks, and to the Ground and Soil thereof, by virtue of the Grants of the Woodlands.

The Matters in Dispute on the Part of the Crown, and of the Earl of Westmorland, are, consequently, the Rights specified under the 2d, 3d, and 4th Heads above Hated: And, in order that they may be submitted to the Consideration of the Arbitrators to whom the Subject may be referred, I have prepared a Statement of the Grants and other Documents on which the Rights in Question are founded; in which Statement are infected the Observations and Arguments advanced on

3

1798 *

Behalf of Lord Westmorland, as delivered to me Irt Writing by his Lordship's Agent, with such Answers thereto, and such Observations and Arguments as occurred to me in Support of the Rights claimed on Behalf of the Crowtl. The Statement is transmitted herewith for your Lordships' farther Orders; and as. this same involves Matter or Law, and the Determination upon it may, in its Consequences, be of consider-able Importance, as establishing Principles on which similar Questions, both in this and other Forests, may hereafter be decided, I submit to your Lordships whether it may not be proper that the Statement should be revised by your Lordships Solicitor, and, if necessary, laid before the Attorney and Solicitor General, to consider of the Propriety of the Arguments used, and to suggest any other that may be proper to be added, previously to the laying the same before the Arbitrators.

Lord Westmorland has named Mr. on his

Part, and your Lordships will be pleased to name the Arbitrator whom you may think fit to appoint on Behalf of the Crown; and when the Decision shall have taken place 1 shall proceed, under your Lordships' Directions, to ascertain the Value of the Rights which shall be determined to belong to the Crown, and submit the same to your Lordships, in order to the fixing the Consideration to be paid for the Grant which Lord 'Westmorland has applied for.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

John Fordyce,

June 10th 1797. Surv' Gen1.

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, your Report of the 10th Instant, transmitting, pursuant to the Directions contained in Mr. Ro/e's Letter of the 20th March last, a Statement relative to the remaining Rights of the Crown in the Hays or Walks of Sulehay and Morehay, in the Forest of Rockingham, and to the Matters in Dispute on the Part of the Crown, and of the Earl of Westmorland-, I am commanded by their Lordships to acquaint you, that they have directed the said Papers to be transmitted to the Solicitor of this Board, with their Orders to lay the Statement before the Attorney and Solicitor General, for their Consideration of the Propriety of the Arguments used, and to suggest any others that may be proper to be added, previously to the laying the same before the Arbitrators; and that my Lords have further directed the Solicitor to propose to Mr. Percival to be the Arbitrator on the Part of the Crown in this Business. I am.

Sir,

Your most humble Servant, Treasury Chambers, Charles Long,

zzd June

John Fordyce, Esquire,

Surv' Gen1 Land Revenue.

N 8.

A Schedule of Acts of Parliament passed since the Appointment of the present Surveyor General, for the Division, Inclosure, Drainage, Embankment, Improvement, and Sale of Lands, making Navigable Canals, and other Purposes, in which the Interests of His Majesty are concerned, and which were referred, by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, for his Opinion and Reports thereon, previously to His Majesty's Consent being given thereto.

N 1. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common

11° yanuar.-

34 Geo.

179 *

38 Geo. III,

ti° Janaarii.

199

Geo. III. »794. {futututi.)

Common Pastures, and other Commonable N‘

Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Gloucester.

N 2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, within the Township of in the

Parish of Kirkbourne, in the East Riding of

the County of York; and for making a Compensation ih lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, or Commons, within the Township of , ington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

4. An Act for embanking, and otherwise fencing

from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts of,

the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhydlan in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of in the County of Flint; and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Pa-

rilhes of Diferth and in the said

County of Flint; and to cut 6r make in or through the fame, or some Part thereof, One or more aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains; and to inclose, divide, and fell competent Parts of the said several Marshes,

Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the ‘ Expences of the said Works, and to raise a

Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township of thorpe, in the County of , and for

draining the fame, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township.

SS Geo. ni, 6. An Act for improving the Drainage of the

,79J Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great

Level of the Fens, called Bedford , and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels: As also the Lands adjoining or near

to the River Ouse, in the County of , draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn in the said County } and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouse, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of genhall-Saint-Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouse.

7. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right honourable John Earl of Upper Offory, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Baron Upper Offory of Ampthill, in the County of Bedford, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the , Estate, Right, Title, and Interest remaining

in His Majesty, in and upon the Hay or Walk of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton; and also the Reversion of ‘certain Offices,

Rents, and other Hereditaments in the said County of Northampton, to which the said Earl of Upper Offory is entitled for Three 16. Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

8. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds situate at or near Painf/ill, in the fevftal Parishes of Cobham, Walton, and Wifley, in the County of Surrey, to George Chamberl, Esquire, George

Bond, Esquire, orte of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trusts de- ' clared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Painfull aforesaid.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving the Commons and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of worth, Haxey, Belton, and in the Isle

of Axholme, in the County of Lincoln; and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes-.

to. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in Brigstock and Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green and also for setting out and allotting Land in Lieu of and Compensation for the Common Rights upon Geddington Chafe, in the said County of Northampton; and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham in the same County, which is called the Hay or Walk of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

i i. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish

of Woodborough, in the County of Nottingham.

35 Geo. III.

>795 *

( continued.)

12.

3-

14.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

the County of Bedford.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor and Parish of Eckington, in the County of Derby.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, 3s Geo. ni. and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and »7<A through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester; and for turning, altering, and changing the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest, to lead to certain Places in and near the same j and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the said Forest to and through several Parts of the Parish of New- -land, adjoining the said Forest; and also leading from the Bottom of a Place called Th'e Viney Hill, in the said Forest, to and through certain Parts of the Parishes of Lidney and Awre, adjoining the said Forest, in the said County of Gloucester.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Snenton, in the County of Nottingham.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester.

N 17. An

36 Geo. Ilf.

1796,

( continued.)

37 Geo. III. 797.

200 ii°

N° 17. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to

Earl of West mar land, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Hayes or Walks of

Farmes and Shortwood, and , in the

Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

iS. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to Henry Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of West hay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and Adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

19. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to

George Finch Hatton, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

20. An Act for setting out Lands in Lieu of and

Compensation for the Rights of Common in or upon the Woodlands, and other Lands and G rounds in the Bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffe, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

1798.-

and Grounds within the said Parish and Li- 3; Geo. nt. be'rties as lie within the present Ring Mound of the Forest of Whiltlewood or and for extinguishing a Right of Common in and over Two certain Pieces of Ground, within the said Parish, called Porter's Wood, and Long Hedge,

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures,

Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Campion cum in the County of Bedford.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing

the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing

the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Greatford, in the County of Lincoln.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open

Common Fields, Half Year's Meadow Land,

Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Blankney and Scopwick, in the County of Lincoln.

29. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, clean fl-

ing, watering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Open Space of Great Tower Hill, and for removing and preventing Nuisances *

and Annoyances within the same.

21. An Act for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting certain Tracts of Common and Waste Lands, called Marshland Smeeth, and MarJJdand Fen, lying within the Country of Marshland, in the County of Norfolk j and for Hinting and regulating the Hocking, feeding, and depastur-ing of the said Smeeth and Fen, until the Inclosure, Division, and Allotment thereof.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Forest,

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Liberties or Townships of Lent on and Radford, in the County of Nottingham.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing

the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and all other uninclosed Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Swayfield, in the County of Lincoln, and a Parcel of Open Land, called the Inter-Common, within or belonging to the said Parish of Swayfield, and to the Parish of Corby, in the said County.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Whittlebury, in the County of . Northampton -, (except such Commonable Lands

N° 9.

Schedule of all such Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, belonging to the Crown, as have been directed by Warrants or Orders of the Right honourable 'the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to be granted by Leases from the Crown, since the 11th Day of June 1794; shewing the Annual Value of the Pre-milfes, as certified by Surveyors upon Oath, the Names of the intended Lessees, the Terms to be granted, and the Rents to be reserved, the Fines to be paid "for such Leases, the Sums to be expended in Repairs or new Buildings, and other Considerations for granting the same respectively:

IN TWO CLASSES,

I. Comprizing all such Parts of the said Premisses as have been before granted by Lease from the Crown, and shewing also the Annual Value of those Parts by former Surveys or Estimates, and the Rents reserved on, and Fines paid for, the last Leases thereof j.

Class II. Comprizing all such Parts of the said Premisses as have not been before in Lease.

I Note. In those Instances in which the former Leases contained other Houses and Grounds besides those of which new Leases are ordered to be granted, and which are distinguished by an Afterilk .(,) a Part of the former Valuations, Rents, and Fines.

is inserted in this Schedule,

CLASS L

CLASS I. — Comprizing all such Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, directed to be granted by Leases from the Crown, since the nth Day of 1794, as have been before in Lease.

o

Lr\ '

D

cq"

r — h

N CD CL

cr

o

o

o

FT

ESTATES to be granted.

Four Meflunges and other Buildings on the North Side 7 of Piccadilly - ----- ----- -J

Two Messuages on the North Side of Pall Mall - -

A Messuage on the West Side of Market Street, St. James's

A Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mall - -

A Messuage on the North §ide of Glasshouse Street, St. 7 James's.....J

A Mcftunge on the South Side of Charles Street, St, James's

A Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly.

A Messuage there -

Four Messuages on the North Side of St. James's Market -

Two Messuages on the West Side of Bury Street, St. 7 James's - - - -- -.....J

A Messuage on the West Side of Duke Street, St. James's -

Another Messuage on the West Side of Duke Street, and 7 North Side of King Street .....j

A Messuage on the West Side of Air Street -

1

A Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly - - - - <

A Messuage there - -....

A Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall - - - .

A Messuage in New Street, Spring Garden -

Several Cottages and Parcels of Land in the Parish of 7 St. Andrew Aukland, in the Bishoprick of Durham - J

A Piece of Ground on the East Side of St. James's Park, adjoining to a House in Duke Street, Westminster, with a new Bow Window, and other Buildings erected on Part thereof ——

A Meadow, called The Ward, in the Parish of Eton, in 7 the County of Bucks, adjoining to the River Thames - J

To whom.

1

A Messuage, called The St. Alban's Tavern Alban's Street ——

in St. |

Michael Downs, Esq. - -

Christopher Morritt, Esq.

John Sharpe -

Jeremiah Watkins and Walter Watkins -

Robert Darell, Esq. -

John Durand - -

George Martin - - - *

Henry Shirley - -

John Popplewell, Esq. - -

William Parr - -

Cha Manningham, Esq. - -

- - - D® . - .

James Palmer - -

John Fitch - -

William Stretch - -

William Dalton - -

John Drummond, Esq.

Michael Williamson and John Williamson -

The Right honourable Sir Archibald Macdonald

Thomas Woolhouse - -

Revd. Arthur Robinson Chauvel, and James Chauvel, Esq.

For what Terms#

{6o Years and 329 fDavs, from >

15 November 1796 - - - j

411 Years from 10 October 1815

52 Years from 5 April 1805 -

| 6o£ Years from 10 October 1796

{42 Years and 311 Days, from 7 29 May 1814 - - - -J

58 Years from 5 April 1799 -

58 Years from 5 April 1799 '- -

58 Years from 3 April 1799 -

54 Years from 5 April 1803 -

{41 Years and 185 Days, from 7 2 October 1815 - - - - J

48 Years from 5 April 1809 - -50 Years from 5 April 1807 - -

53 Years from 5 April 1804 - -

{51 Years and 224 Days, from 7 28 February 1806 - - -3

f 3 1 Years and 224 Days, from 7 I 28 February 1806 - - -3

23I Years from 5 April 1805 - -

66 Years from 1828 -

J 29 Years from 10 October 1797

36 Years and 108 Days, from 7 18 December 1819 - - - 3

31 Years from 5 April 1795 - - 99 Years from 10 O&eber 1796

4 The Odd Days are calculated to make the Leases end, respectively, at Ladyday or Michaelmas, O, S -

Annual Values, per Surveys on Ojitlu

£ /. d.

150 —

115 ——

40 ——

55 ——

80 — —

60 ——

5° ——

50 ——

102 ——

90 ——

45 ——

45 ——

45 ——

28 ——

32 -

40 ——

220 — —

12 — —

20 5 — 25 — .

57 10 -

Rents to be reserved in new LeuLs.

£. s. d 92 12 —

70 3 —

22 16 —

32 7 6

48 ——

29 ——

29 4 —

29 4 —

62 2 —

Si >7 6 26 17 — 26 17 — 26 ——

15 4 —

17 14 6

21 18 3

136 18 —

7 7 8

16 7 —

16 18 8

Fines for new Leases. Sums to be expended in Repairs or new Buildings; and other Considerations for the new Leases. Annual Values, per Surveys madt on granting former Lealc . Rents reserved in laifc Leases. Fines paid for lait Leases.

£- d. £ £ > d £. s. d £. j. d

878 35O to be expended in Repairs, 55 7 10 — 30 — —

235 300 — D® — 80 11 5 — 30

135 100 — D° — 38 326 45

300 — — 200 — D® — 22 — — 2 10- 22 — —

174 — — — 70 1 17 6 26 — -

236 — — 237 237 300 in Repairs. 150 D® — 150 D — 50 J ,60 — — 5 12 6 12 10 — r 4 12 6 40 40 )

409 . 480 D° — 75 1 s xo - { 90

162 — — 100 D — 46 — ' 3 7 6 40 — —

U — j - - - 32 9 — 476 26 13 —

£ I CO in Repairs. — . 28 9 — ' 19 — 9 6 —

166 — 150 D» — 26 — — I IO- 24

88 — _ 130 D» x — ' 20 4 6 2 l6 3 4 '9 5

103 — — >s D — 20 4 6 J l6 3 4 >9 5

9+ 100 D° — 32 3 15 — 90

260 — — 4,300 in re-building the House, ' which had oeen burnt down. #s°. 14 19 11 51

— " " 5 10 — 2 !9 4 15

— — — — / lO 5 — % 3 10 4

— I40 in securing the Banks of the Premises. 18 6- 73 6- >5°

2,000 in rc-building the House. 44 " 44

Vide Note in Page 200;

38 Geo. III. 11° Januarii.

CLASS I. — continued.

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

ESTATES to be granted. To whom. For what Terms. \

A Messuage and Workshops on the South Side of Pic 7 Ground on the East Side of St. James's Park, adjoining 1 to Houses in Duke Street, V/estminster, with sundry s Rooms and Offices erected on Part thereof - - - -J Jesse Ramsden - - - -Lieut. Gen1 Felix Buckley f 6o Years and 36 Days, from 7 1 28 February 1835 - - -J 61 Years from 5 April 1796 - -

A Parcel of Land, called Potter's Park Farm, in the Pa- 7 John Kirkpatrick Efcott, 31 Years from 10 October 1796

rish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey - - - -j J r Esq. ——

A piece of Ground on the South Side of Great Ryder 7 Street, St. James's - J Thomas Mann - - - - 70 Years from 10 October 1795 -

A Piece of Ground on the West Side of St. James's Place - George Lord Vifc1 Malden Years from 17 February 1831 -

A Piece of Ground on the West Side of St. James's Place, 7 with Part of a House erected thereon ----- j Robert Lord Carrington - f 92 Years and 91 Days, from 7 \ 4 January 1803 - - - j

APiece of Ground, with a Messuage thereon, on the 7 North Side of Piccadilly - .-. ----- j Wm Duke of Queensberry T 54 Years and 121 Days, from 7 £ x 1 June 1807 - - - 3

Another Piece of Ground, and Messuage there - - - - Dudley North, Esq. - - f 53 Years and 29S Days, from 7 X 11 June 1807 - - - - 3

Another Piece of Ground, and Messuage there - - - j Honourable Wilbraham Tollemache ( 67 Years and 121 Days, from 7 ( 11 June 1807 - - -3

A Piece of Ground at Hyde Park Corner, with a Mef- 7 fuage and Offices thereon - j Henry Earl Bathurst - - f 36 Years and 160 Days, from 7 X 3 May 1834 - - - J

Stables and Coach Houses adjoining to the said Messuage - - - - D° - - - I-63 Years and 121 Days, from 7 X 11 June 1807 - - - j

A Piece of Ground on the South Side of Tichborne 1

Street (late Shug Lane), whereon Four old Houses £ lately flood - -- ---- J William Stewart - 70 Years from 5 April 1797 - -

Ground on the North Side of Piccadilly, and South Side!

of Tichborne Street (late Shug Lane), whereon Five > old Houses lately stood - -- -- - -J William Eppey - - - 70 Years from 5 April 1796 -

Other Ground there, whereon Three old Houses lately 7 stood - ( . - D° - - - 39 Years from 5 April 1827 - -

A MelTiage on the South Side of Jermyn Street - - - Thomas Scarman, Esq. 61 Years from ioOdcber 1797 -

A Messuage on the South Side of Marybone Street - Robert Campbell - - - f 59 Years a d 247 Days, from 7 X i August 1798 - - - 3

A Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly - - - - Felix Vaughan, Esq. - - 53 Years from 3 April 1805 - -

A Messuage on the West Side of Air Street . - - . Joseph Walker - - - - 58 Years from xo October 1800 -

Annual Values, per Suveys on Oath.

£ . d

55 5 w

41 10 —

.18 10 6

20 — —

98 18 — 48 10 —

350 ——

300 — «-

320 ——

'560 — — 72 15 — 26 15 6

3+ «9 6

19 12 ---

l6 ——

7° ——

45 ——

32 ——

3,491 10 6

Rent to be reserved in new Leases.

£ ' ' 51 n —

34 13 6

13 8 —

A Pepper Corn for the first Two Years, and 19 13 — afterwards. 98 l8

29 — —

123 — —

128 4 6

96 16 6

225 14 6

44 5 6

Fines for new Leiies.

d.

Sums to be expended in Repairs or new Buildings 9 and other Confederations for the new Leases.

206 — —

260 — —

1

_ j

ICO

208

162

144

5,06s ——

£00 in re-building the House.

Annual Values, per Surveys mauc on granting former Leases.

I, TOO ',n building Two Houses thereon.

Burl ling a Kitchen, Library, and other new Edifices thereon.

N. B. These large Houses having bien built under Leases for short Term , in the Confidence of obtaining Renewals, the Leases are directed to be prolonged to 09 Ye.«rs from the Time of b hiding the Houses, at Ground Rents only.

t

1,200 n building Three new Houses, letting hark the Fronts to widen the Street about 10 Feet.

2 400 inbuil ding $>x newHonfes, setting back the Fronts to widen Tichborne Street about 10 Feet *

10O in Repairs. _

2CO D —

IOO n Repin.

>5-325

jr. j. d.

70 ——

'24 12 6

14 10 —

to — —

38 ——

+3 ——

‘ 39 ——

39 6 —

2$ I4 —

_4C0 — —

>9 9 43 6

-62 ——

/S "

12 3 9

22 — —

40 ——

18 6 8

1,766 16 8

Rent reserved in lait Leases.

£ ' d-

8 15 -

9 12 6

&- 6 8

I l6 —

2 5 —

9 11 —

----- -si

74 ——

1 3 3

5 6 3

7 8

6 10 —

1 6 —

2 10 — 117 6

239 12 11

Fines paid for last Leases.

£ '

80 ——

80 — —

13 6 8

38 ——

25 ——

6

6

4

7°

3

11

10 —

11 —

5

4 n

16 2

17 14 2

80

9

30

35

16

9 6 9 7

13 4

1,374 18 10

Vide Note in Page 200 *

o

Si

54

g.

r

SO

00

D

cq‘

H *

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

of-

rT

o

r

Ox

Oa

CLASS II. — Comprizing all such Lands and Tenements directed to be granted by Leases from the Crown, since the nth Day of June 1794, as have not been before in Lease.

ESTATES to be granted. To whom. For what Tern . Annua' Values, per Surveys on Oath. Rents to be reserved in new Leases. Fines for new Leases.

£ d- £ ' '

A Piece of Ground on the East Side of the Green Park, with a Green House and Bow Window on Part 1 thereof: The Remainder intended for an ornamental j Garden - - - - ----- - ---- J William Morton Pitt, Esq. 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - - >3 3 3 13 3 3 —

A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden - Francis Lord Romney - - 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - - 5 4 — 5 4 — —

A Piece of Ground there for D° ----- -- Sampson Lord Eardley 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - - iz 17 3 12 17 j —

A Piece of Ground there for D3 ----- -- - Edmund Earl of Cork - - 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - - . 7 >6 3 7 >6 3 —

A Piece of Ground there, with a Bow Window erected 1 on Part thereof: The Remainder for an ornamental Garden - - - - James Marquis of Salisbury 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - - 10 7 7 10 7 7 —

A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden - - Thomas Lord Dundas - - 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - - 9 2 ~ 92 — —

Sir John Hort, Bart. - - 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - - 4 >4 — 4 >4 —

A Piece of Ground there for D° - - . - - - - Charles Lord Yarborough 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - - 7 9 5 7 9 5 —

A Piece of Ground there for D° ----- -- - Henry Lord Viscount Ga;e 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - - 8 16 8 8 16 8 —

A Piece of Ground there for D° ----- - -1 George Venables Lord Vernon, (in Trull) - - - 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - 8 — 8 8 — 8 > 3 — "I —

A Piece of Ground there, with Part of a Bow Window 0 erected thereon, and Power to build Offices under Part £ thereof: The Remainder for an ornamental Garden - J Francis Earl of Moira, (in Trull) 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - 21 3 — 1 and a farther I Rent of I 5.6} from the Time 1 of building such 1 Offices. J —

_ 7 II 16 7" and a farther Rent of

A Piece of Ground there, with Power to build Offices unO der Part thereof, and a Bow Window thereon: The I Remainder for an ornamental Garden - - - - -j Aubrey Duke of St. Albans 35 Years from 17 February 1796 11 16 7 4 5 > 3 from the Time l of building such > Offices j and If 2 — from the Time of erecting a Bow Window. —

A Piece of Ground there, with a Bow Window erected 1 on Part thereof: The Remainder for an ornamental Garden - -- -- -j George Capel Lord Viscount Malden - - - J 39 Years from 17 February 1796 34 7 — 34 7 — —

Ocher Considerations for Leases.

{Expence of inclosing the Ground ? with Iron Rails, &c. J

— D# —

— D —

— ' D —

- 1

— D"

— D -

— D° —

— D» —

— D° —

— Do —

— D° —

— D° —

— D° —

Vide Notes.

i.

— IJ 4

and — 13 4

— 13 4

Nil.

Nil.

— 13 4

— 13 4

— 13 4

Nil.

>3 4

— 13. 4

f Note. — Parts of this Ground had been granted at different Periods by Warrants under the Royal Sign Manual, during Pleasure, at the small Rents set opposite 10 each in the preceding Co- -lumn; other Parts thereof had been granted by like Warrants, without Rent, and feme of the latter had been so held for upwards of 70 Years.

K>

o

3 8 Geo. III. 110

CLASS II. — continued.

O

(&'

i — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

rT

ESTATES to be granted. To whom. For what Terms.

A Piece of Ground on the East Side of the Green Park,! with Two Bow Windows erected on Part thereof: The > Remainder for an ornamental Garden - - - - -J Robert Lord Carrington - 99 Years from 5 April 1796 - -

A Piece of Ground there, with Part of a Stone Terrace! erected on Part thereof: The Remainder for an orna- v mental Garden - ----- ---- -j George John Earl Spencer 99 Years from 5 April 1797 - -

A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden - j Francis Duke of Bridge-water ----- - 199 Years from 5 April 1797 -

AH Mines of Lead, Copper, Tin, and other Minerals, within the Wailes and Commons in the Manor or / Lordship of Cumwd y Perveth, in the County of Car- f digan ----- ----- --- -J Edwd Loveden Xoveden, Esq - C 31 Years from the Date of the 7 I new Lease ----- J

All Quarries and Beds of Chirt Stone, found or to be ! found within Trelogan Mountain, in the County of > Flint - - -- -- - - -- --j Barker Chifney, Esq, - - 21 Years from 10 October 1795 -

A Parcel of Land at Arnold, within the Forest of Sher- ! wood, in the County of Nottingham, allotted to His Majesty on the Inclosure of Waste Lands there - - J Robert Padley, Esq. - - 31 Years from 5 April 1796 - -

The Manor of Tallybont, and the Manor of Waltcrllon 7 and Kellibion, in the County of Glamorgan - - - j Henry Duke of Beaufort 31 Years from 5 April 1796 - -

Divers Parcels of Land at Clifton, in the County of Derby, 7 escheated to His Majesty - - - -N - - - J John Hayne, Esq. - - - 31 Years from 5 April 1797 - -

A Piece of Ground in Hyde Park, with a Kitchen and ! other Offices under Part thereof, and a Garden on the > Surface - - - . - - - j Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esq. (in Trust) - - - 44! Years from 11 June 1796 -

A Piece of Ground there, with a Kitchen and other! Offices under Part thereof, and a Garden on the Sur- > face - -- -- ----- -- -j Honourable Wilbraham Tollemache - |> 78 Years from 10 October 1796

A Piece of Ground there for an ornamental Garden - - Henry Earl Bathurst - - 73 Years from 10 October 1797 -

Divers Lands, formerly purchased for erecting Fortifica- ! tions at Milford Haven, in the County of Pembroke, > with Pow r to dig Limeftope on Part of the Premisses - J Right honourable Charles Francis Greville - 31 Years

Annual Values, pfr Surveys on Oath.

£ J. 4° — —

JIS s —

69 ——

Mot ascertaln-able —

Not ascertain-able

9 10 6

No Profits arising therefrom.

44 10 8

13 8 — 13 15

40 4 —

55 16 — 556 i6 10

Rents to be reserved in new Leases.

£ J *

34 ——

113 5 —

69 ——

1 — -

and 1.10th Part of all Ores, Metals, or Minerals, to be raised from the Premises.

I and 1 s. per Ton for all Stone to be raised and carried off the Premisses.

1 s ——

13 >8 —

13 15

40 4 —

50 ----- -f

30 ——

547 »9 8

Fines for new Leafei *

87 ——

Other Considerations for Leaies.

A Expence of inclosing the Ground 7 { with Iron Rails, &c. J

— D°

— D°

Paying the Crown's Proportion of the Expences of the Division and Inclosure.

for the Land , for the Limc-stone

87 ——

! Re ward for the Dlfcovery of the Crown's Title, and the Expences of prosecuting the Commission of Efchcat.

The Power of resuming the Premisses when wanted 'for the Public Service *

Vide Note f. Page 203.

£. J.

Nil.

Nil.

204 110 Januarii. A. 1798

ii° Januariu

205

38 Geo. III.

N° xo.

A SCHEDULE of Petitions and Memorials for Leases from the Crown, referred, by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, upon which Surveys have been made, and Terms proposed by the Surveyor General to the Parties, for granting Leases of the Estates respectively applied for; but where Circumstances have occurred which have occasioned the Proceedings thereon to be delayed, some of the Parties having desired to defer the Completion of their Leases, some not having yet signified their Determination thereon, and a few having declined taking Leases on the Terms proposed.

P A R T I E

Thomas Lee, Esq;

ESTATES applied for.

ifty-fivb Messuages, with other Buildings and Ground, in High Holborn, Newton

David Wat Ton....

John Cormick, Esq; ——

Archibald Paitcrlon ——

Henry Doughty ——

William Rois ——

Richd Robert Graham, Esq; -

John Farr, Esq; ——

Charles Duke of Norfolk ——

Thomas Bishop ——

Michael Hodgion ——

Thomas Baniiier, Esq; - -

Wifliam Turner ——

William Gibbard ——

Elizabeth Wellon ——

William Higgins

Charles Lind, Esq; ——

Sir John Croft, Bart. ——

Dorothy Brix, Widow ——

John Caliand, Esq; and others - -

John Winter ——

William Crawford, Esq; - -

John Didfbury ——

Sophia Davies, Widow - -

Mary Jane Dowager Baroness Dacre - -John Beard -

Thomas Howfe, Esq; ——

Sir John Nelthorpe, Bart. ——

Sir Benjamin Tebbs, Knt. -

Major General Steuarc - -

William Skerrett, Esq; -

Stephen Wilson, Esq; ——

William Hayton, Esq; ——

John Forller, Esq; ——

Samuel Moody, Esq; ——

William Hurry ——

Thomas Lock, Esq; and another - -

George Parker ——

Elizth Newdigate, Widow # -

Provost and Fellows of Eton College - -

Lewis Black -....

Edmund Hill, Esq; and John Thackrah - -

William Stewart -

Street, Prince's Street, and Whitehorse Yard.

Two Messuages on the East Side-of Duke Street, Westminster.

A Messuage on the North Side of Crown Court, Westminster.

Another Messuage there.

Another Messuage there. - '

Another Messuage there.

One MelTucige on the South Side of Pall Mall, and Three Messuages ontho'North Side of

Pall Mall.

Two Messuages on the South Side of Marybone Street.

A Stable Yard and divers Coach Houses, Stables, and Kitchen Offices, on the West Side of St. Alban's Street, and adjoining to the back Part of Norfolk House.

A Messuage on the East Side of St. Alban's Street.

A Messuage on the West Side of Market Lane.

Six Messuages (formerly Seven) on the North Side of Norris Street, and West Side of the Haymaiket. ~

A Ml flu age on the West Side of Duke Street, St. James's.

A Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly.

Four Messuages on the West Side of Duke Street and Duke's Court, St. James's, and Two

Messuages on the West Side of Bury Street.

One Messuage (formerly Two Messuages) on the East Side of Air Street.

A Messuage on the North Side of King Street.

Three Messuages on the South Side of Jermyn Street.

Several Stables in a Stable Yard in Duke Street, behind the Messuages last mentioned.

A Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mall.

A Piece of Ground on the East Side of St. James's Street, with Two old Messuages ocher Buildings (landing thereon.

A Messuage on the South Side of Pall Mall.

A Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mall.

A Messuage on the South Side of Jermyn Street.

Two Messuages on the South Side of Marybone Street, Piccadilly.

A Messuage on the West Side of Market Street, St. James's, and Three Messuages in Black Swan Court, on the West Side of Market Street.

A Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn Street.

Three Messuages on the West Side of St. James's Street, and North Side of Cleveland Row. Ground on the South Side of Piccadilly, with Two old Messuages (landing thereon.

Two Messuages on the North Side of Whitehall Court, and a Slip of Ground on the East Side thereof.

A Messuage on the East Side of Whitehall Street.

Ground on the East Side of Whitehall Street, with an old Messuage thereon, proposed to be re-builr.

Two Messuages on the North Side of King Street; and Two Messuages on the South Side of Ryder Street.

Two Messuages on the North Side of Piccadilly, and One Messuage (formerly Two Messuages) on the South Side of Piccadilly.

A Messuage on the North Side of Pall Mall.

A Messuage on the West Side of Bury Street, and a Messuage on the South Side of Jermyn Street.

Six Messuages on the South Side of Piccadilly, and Three Messuages on the West Side of the Haymarket.

Two Messuages on the West Side of Duke Street, St. James's.

Two Messuages on the North Side of Jermyn Street, and Two Messuages on the West Side of Market Street, St. James's.

A Messuage called The Christopher Inn, and divers Parcels of Land in Eton, in the County of Bucks.

A Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly.

A Piece of Ground called The Mill Island, at Longford, in the County of Middlesex, with a Messuage, and other Buildings thereon.

Tv.o Messuages on the North Side of Piccadilly.

vol. 53.

3 G

Robert

i i° Januarii.

A \ 1798.

PARTIES.

ESTATES applied for.

Robert Scngoe ——

J inv Sanderson ——

Rcvd John Till, and t.thers -

Thomas Hawkes A ——

G«'o ge Crcr.vble Nugent Temple, Mar- ouu of Buckingham ----- - J

Philip ipwiiltud ——

Sii JuIki oziiiih Burges, B.lrc. -

Diumimnd Smith, Esq; ——

Sir John Smith Burges, Bart, and Drum-,) moua Smith, Esq;

D°.....- -

Charles D-ke of Richmond -

Henry Duke of Buccleuch - -

George ,;arl of Pembn. ke - -

J hn Moore Knighton, Esq; - -

Thomas jehnes, Esq; ——

A Messuage on the South Side of Piccadilly,

A Messuage on the North Side of Jermyn Street.

Ground on the West Side of Duke Street, and North Side of Ryder Street, with an old Messuage standiilg thereon.

Ground on the North Side of Piccadilly, and Sooth Side of Castle Street, with Two old Houses, and other Buildings (landing thereon.

One Messuage (formerly Two Messuages) on the South Side of Pall Mall,

Four Messuages (formerly Six) on the West Side of Market Lane, St. James's.

A Messuage, with Offices and Garden, on the North Side of Piccadilly, near Hyde Park Corner.

Another Messuage, with Offices and Garden there.

Another Meflinge on the North Side of Piccadilly.

Several Pieces of Ground in Piccadilly and Hamilton Street, with divers Houses, Stables, and other Buildings (landing thereon, and a Piece of Grbund in Hyde Park.

A Piecl of Ground in Privy Garden, proposed for an ornamental Garden to a Meflinge

there.

Another Piece of Ground there, for the like Purpose.

A Meflinge in Privy Garden.

Mi a of Lead in Grinton, Whitafide, Harkaftde, and Fremington, in the County of York. Mines of Lead, Iron, Coals, and Culm, and Quarries of Stone, within certain Parts of the Great Forest of Brecon, in the County of Brecon.

N° 11.

A SCHEDULE of Petitions and Memorials for Leases from the Crown, and of Papers on other Subjects, referred by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treal'ury to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue; upon which Directions have been given for Surveys to be made of the Estates respectively applied for, and other Enquiries set on Foot, for obtaining the Information judged necessary, according to the Nature or Circumstances of each Cafe, preparatory to the making of Reports thereon to the Board of Treasury.

P A R T I E

ESTATES applied for, and other Subjectt.

t r.ldf. rick Augustus Earl of Berkeley, 7 and W Lord Craven - - - i

Christopher Keld, Gent. ——

Commissioners of Thames Navigation - -

Mrs. Jane Stoughton ——

James Earl of Fife ——

Nathan Garrick, Esq; and others -

Jane Vlfcountess Dowager GalUvay -

Ldward Ilufley Delaval, Esq; -

R'ght honourable Tho Connolly -

John Calcraft, Esq;....

Wm Roberts, Esq; ——

Edward Hawkins, Esq; ——

Edward Earl of Oxford ——

Charles Mellish, Esq; ——

liaac Carter, Esq; ——

Anna Maria Vile ——

William Whitehead ——

Archibald Paxton, Esq; ——

Lliz. Carolina Le Cccq, Spf -

William Kirk by, Esq; ——

Henry Wright, Esq; ——

Honourable Thomas Lyon -

Other Earl of Plymouth, et al. -

Churchwardens ot Greenwich - -

St. Andrew Ward, Esq; ....

William John Lcnthall, Esq; -

John Sturgcs, Esq; - -- -- -Mary Susanna Cotton, Spinster - - .

John Pear (all ——

V/ilfon Ayleftmry Roberts, Esq; - - - -i

Richard Calvert, Esq; ——

£ara Testimaker, Widow -

David jcncs ——

The Hundreds of Faircross and Kintbury Eagle, County of Berks.

The Manor of Beverley Chapter, County of York.

Proposal to purchaseTwo Pieces of Land at Windsor, belonging to the Crown, for the Use of an intended Canal there.

The Manor of Wondy, with the Fishery of the River U(k, County of Monmouth.

A House and Garden in Whitehall.

Eight Houses in Swallow Street.

Several Houses and other Buildings in Swallow Street.

A House in Cotton Garden, Westminster.

A House in Whitehall Court.

The M anor of Northfleet, County of Kent.

Lands in Kilkennis, County of Denbigh.

Divers Cottages and Coal Mines, in Macclesfield, County of Chester.

Lands in the Lordship of Cantermellineth, County of Radnor.

Lands at Hodroyd, County of York.

The, Manor of Stanton under Bardon, County of Leicester.

Tythes of Flax in Weston and Pinchbeck, County of Lincoln.

Lands in West Walton, County of Norfolk.

Six Houses in High Holborn.

Several Houses and Grounds at Richmond, County of Surrey.

Lands in the Lordship of Melfa, otherwise Meux, County of York.

Divers Lands at Ryhill, County of York.

A House and Lands at Hafwell on the Hill, County of Durham.

Manor of Kingsnorton, County of Worcester.

The Workhouse of the PariQi of Greenwich, County of Kent.

Tythes in Hutton Pagnell, and other Places, County of York.

Lands in Kilkennis, County of Denbigh.

Lands in Old and New Windsor, County of Berks.

Two Houses on the North Side of Piccadilly.

A Ferry over the River Trent, at Willington, County of Derby.

The Manor of Rowington, County of Warwick.

Tolls of Markets and Fairs in Rumford, County of EflTex.

The Manor of Edmonton, County of Middlesex.

A House in Vine Street, Piccadilly.

Mrs.

38 Geo. III.

11 ° Januari

207

PARTIES.

ESTATES applied for, and other Subjelh.

Mrs. Jane Wilkins ——

Mary and Frances Cockburn, Spr -

George Uppleby, Esq; - -

Samuel Stone, Esq; -

Sir George Yonge, Bart. ——

Mary Hunt, Widow ——

James Fox, Esq; ——

Bari of Cholmondeley ——

Thomas Holbeche, Esq; ——

Mary Isabella Duchess of Rutland, and others, 1 Executors of the late Duke of Rutland - 3 Rcvd Rich4 Shepherd, D. D. -

Corporation of London ——

Elizabeth Rayner, Widow -

Thomas Holloway, Gent. ——

John Earl of Upper Ollbry -

Robert Williams, Esq; ——

JoQah Holdship ——

Henry FJafhman ——

Sir George Robinson, Bart. -

Charles Brandling, and Thomas Charles Bigge, Esqrs; ——

William Bentinck, Esq; ——

Henry Stables, Gent. - -

Margaret Sampson, Spr ——

Thomas Smith, Esq; ——

William King, Esq; ——

James Earl of Lonsdale ——

Henry Frederick Lord Carteret - - - <

Gilbert Compton, Esq; - -

Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts ——

Proprietors of Lancaster Canal -

Henry Earl of Exeter ——

John Earl of Westmorland

Caleb Readfhaw, Esq; ——

Rich4Hulfe, Esq; Executor of Richd Benyon, 7 Esq; deceased ----- --- J

Joseph Kaye, Gent. -

Augusta B!udworth. Widow, and others - -George White ——

William Hawkes, Gent. ....

William Adam, Esq; on Behalf of H. R. H. 7 the Duke of York - J

Rich4 Wm Howard Vise, Esq; - -

Mary May, Widow ——

George Wright, Esq; ——

Rev4 John Lonsdale, and others - - - -

John Powell, Gent. - - - -. -

John Blagrave, Esq; and others - -

Thomas Lee, Esq;

Tho Buckridge Noyes, Esq; ----- Sarah Ann Kennett, and Robert Blake, Esq;

George Moody, Gent. - -

James Kibblewhite, Esq; ——

Rev4 John Collins, and another - -

John Draufurd, Esq; ——

Richard Earl of Morningtou -

Land at Rumford, in the Manor of Havering, County of Essex.

AHouse, Stable, and Coach-house, at Hampton Court, County of Middlesex.

The Manors of Barton, Barrow, and Gouxhill, County of Lincoln, and divers Lands there.

Six Houses in Piccadilly, Shug Lane,' and Air Street.

AHouse and Ground at Hampton Court, County of Middlesex, and several Parcels of Ground there.

Prae and Pod Fines in the Counties of Chester and Flint.

Lands called Kirkftall Ings, alias Folly Foot Ings, inWighell, County of York.

The Herbage and Pannage of the Forest of Delamere, County of Chester, and divers Lands there.

A Piece of Ground in Castle Street, and a House and other Buildings in Shug Lane.

The Scite of the old Palace at Newmarket, with the Buildings thereon, and divers Lands there. County of Cambridge.

Ground occupied as Gardens to several Houses in Duke Street, Westminster, adjoining to the Wall of Saint James's Park.

A long Slip of Land, Part of the Towing Path on the Ranks of the River Thames, at Hampton Court, now partly built on.

The Manor of Hallowford, in Middlesex, and divers Lands there.

The King's Theatre, in the Haymarket.

Memorial, praying that the Confueration Money to be paid by him for the remaining Rights of the Crown, in the Walk of Farming Woods, in Rockingham Forest, may be ascertained, and a Grant thereof made to him, pursuant to an Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose.

Walwood House, and divers Lands in Low Layton, County of Essex.

All Mineral and Foftil Substances in the Waste Crown Lands, in the Parish of Caerhun, .

County of Carnarvon.

Ground called The Combrue, in Exeter.

The Scite of St. Dewy's Hospital, and divers Lands in Kingsthorpe and other Places, County of Northampton.

Two Fulling Mills at Newminster, County of Northumberland.

A House in Privy Garden, Whitehall.

A Close of Land at Knottingley, County of York.

Tythes in Beftwall, County of Dorset.

A Messuage, Cottage, and Lands, at WestHaddon, County of Northampton-Lands called Pointon Cow Pastures, alias Goose Dales, in Pointon, County of Lincoln. Three Fourth Parts of the Barony of Kendal, called the Richmond Fee, and the Marquis Fee, County of Westmorland.

The Manor of Epworth cum Westwood and Haxey, County of Lincoln.

A Farm called Heworth Grange, County of York.

Ground in Scotland Yard, Whitehall, for building a House for the Use of the said So«

ciety.

Quarries of Lime Stone within the Manor of Warton, County of Lancaster.

Memorial, praying that the Consideration Money to be paid by him for the remaining Rights of the Crown in the Walk of Westkay, in Rockingham Forest, may be ascertained, and a Grant thereof made to him, pursuant to an Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose.

Memorial, praying that the Consideration Money to be paid by him for the remaining Rights of the Crown in the Walks of Sulehay and Morehay, in Rockingham Forest, may be ascertained, and a Grant thereof made to him, pursuant to an Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose.

Lead Mines in Grinton, Whitafide, Harkafide, and Fremington, County of York.

The Manor of Havering at Bower, County of Essex.

Fourteen Messuages, and a Stable Yard, in Swallow Street, Liecester Street, and Glais house Street.

The Manor House of Havering, at Bower, and divers Lands there. County of Essex.

The Fishery of Tadpooje, and other Waters, in and near Cookham, County of Berks.

A House on the South Side of Great Ryder Street.

Divers Lands in and near Weybridge, Walton, and Chertsey, County of Surrey.

A Mill and divers Lands in Buckton, alias Boughton, County of Northampton.

Ground called The Fryers, in Richmond, County of Surrey.

The Three Hundreds of Newport, County of Bucks, and Office of Steward thereof.

An I (land called The Sunk lstand, in the River Humber.

Seven Mills in the Lordship of Brecknock, County of Brecknock.

Divers Lands and Fisheries, in and near Reading, County of Berks.

Memorial, proposing to surrender his Lease from the Crown of divers Houses in Holborn, Scc. for an adequate Annuity to be granted to him for his Life.

The Hundreds of Oake and Morton, County of Berks.

Five Houses on the West Side of St. James's Street, and One House on the South Side of Pall Mall.

The Sunk lstand in the River Humber, County of York.

The Office of Feodary. Bailiff, and Coroner of the Honour of Richmond, in the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, Hertford, and Essex.

Lands, Part of the disafforested Forest of Braydon, County of Wilts.

Ground in Hyde Park, fora Garden to his Dwelling House in Piccadilly:

Ground in Hyde Park, for a Garden to his Dwelling House in Park Lane.

' VOL. 53.

N° 11.

208

ii° Januarii.

A. 1798.

N° 12.

An ACCOUNT of all Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents which have been sold by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, and of the Purchase Money paid for the same, and the Amount of the Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased therewith, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of , by virtue of

an Act of Parliament, paired in the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better " Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm, and other unimproveable Rents from the Commencement of the said Act, unto the Date of the Report aforegoing.

Names of Purchasers. RENTS SOLD.

Dates of Certificates *

1794. November 22.

1796.

797-

March 15 February 20.

795 *

1796.

>797 *

November 21

February 26. March 18. June 23. November 30, April 3.

1794. December 12.

795 *

August 6

1794. December 9.

1795. January 9

1795-

1796.

June 1 August 8 June 11

1797. September 29

1795-

1796.

'797-

August 6, 13«

J une 11. July 24. September 15.

Benjamin Palmer - -

William Hill ..... George Musgrave, Esq; John Collin, Esq; - -

ENGLAND.

BEDFORD.

I -

William Strong, Esq;

- - - Ditto - -

Edward Hanmer, Esq; Thomas Berry - -

Richard Griffith, Esq; Richard Orlebar, Esq; William Bull, Gent.

James Ginn Searle - -

Daniel Smallwood - -

James Moor, Gent. -

John Cunningham Saunders, Esq;

James Fairbairn -

Thomas Spooner - - - - .

Harry Halton, Gent. - - .

Ann Hodgson, Widow - - - .

Edward Blamire - -

John Roblon, Gent. - -

John Westmorland, Gent. - - j

John Riddlesden -

Bernard Lucas, Gent. - -

Jedediab Strutt, Esq; - -

Samuel Lancaster, Yeoman Martin Earnell, Esq; - -

Richard Buxton - -

Mary Buxton, Widow

For a Tenement in Potter Street, Bedford -For a Tenement called The Star, in Bedford For Lands in Biggleswade - -

For Lands at Willlead ——

For Ditto ——

For Ditto -

For a Tenement in High Street, Bedford -

BUCKS.

For the Rectory of Wing -

For Lands called Whaddon Closes, at South Whaddon For the Township of Whaddon (Viscontiel Rent) -

For the Grange of Smewens, or Mills, in Great Brickhill For a Tenement in Aylesbury ——

For Lands in Colewicks and Codffiall, in Wadfden - -

For the Manor and Priory of Little Marlow - -

For the Tuwnftiip of Wingrave (Viscontiel Rent) - -

CAMBRIDGE. For Lands in Ickleton ——

CHESTER. For a Tenement in Hafwell -

CORNWALL.

For Bloyce Chantry, in Penryn For Brcamhill, in Poughill

CUMBERLAND.

£ ' *

For a House in or near Botchergate, Carlisle -

For a House in Englifti Street, Carlisle ——

For a House in St. Cuthbert's Lane, Carlisle -

For a House in the Black Fryers, Carlisle ——

For a House in Castle Street, Carlisle ——

For a House in Anthwaitwell, Carlisle ——

For a House in the Black Fryers, Carlisle ——

For Part of Lands in Wigton, alias Wigden Parish (Part 1 of 17/. 10d. per Annum).....J

-DERBY.

For a Tenement in Afliborne - -

For Land in Newbold, in Chesterfield - - -For a Cottage in Belper ——

F'or a Tenement in Dronefield -

For Lands in Coton ——

For Freehold Rents there ——

For a House and Croft on the Wade at Compton For a Tenement at Compton -

---6

— 3 3

I 18 61

= \-

Z1 t

— 6- 8

3 4 —

1 8 8

— I 4I

1 10 4

t 7 —

— — 10

— 16

— " 4

2 2

— 6

— 7

— 8

4 "

— 3i

Land Tax allowed.

d.

ii

L'l

3 —

12 —

5 "

6 — 4 —

Purchase

Money.

- }

: }

£ 4.

3 ~

6 10 — 2 12 —

10 14 6

52 5 6

3 — 3 — l3 — 8 13 6 12 — iS 6

67

30

1 16 —

3 18 -

31 3 —

29 18 —

1 6 —

3 18 -

3 H — 1 19 — 1 15 —

4 16 ~

2 16 6

— 13 —

1 6 —

— 15 6

28 —

5 4"

— 8 —

Dcvoi.

38 Geo. III.

n

Januarii,

209

Dito of Catifi cates.

Names of Purchasers,

1794. November 20.

December 12. 795- Jahuary 9,

28.

1796. August 19

1795, June 18.

179 January 28.

April 15.

3°.

July 31.

794. November 27.

December 8. 11.

795- January 9.

28.

February 21.

Philip Tapp, Junior -

William Clapp ——

Margaret, Judith, and Charlotte 7 Southmead, Spinsters - - -j

John Clevland, Rfq; - -

George Steere, Gent. - -

Reverend William Holland Co- I ham -

Sir Thomas Cstrew. Baronet - -

George Ley, Esq; -

1795.

1797-

1794.

>795-

May 1.

March 7.

May 19. April 8.

November 26. February 7. March 11. ,7 *

kfcNTS SOLD. Land Tax allowed. Purchase Money.

DEVON. £. S. A £ /# d. £

For South Moulton Chantry — 3 4 17 7 —

.. — — 17 6

For Lands and Tenements in Clifford Corben - - - S 6 — 7 3 —

For Lands and Tenements in Monk Oakhampum - - - 5 6 7 3 —

18 10 6

For Lands and Tenements in Leakebrooke, alias Leachbrooke For Bradford Chapel - -- - zl t _ i VO 1 00

— 6 6 89 —

For Lands and Tenements in Whitefield, alias Whitfield - - — 2 — 1 2 u —

Rebecca Lambert, Widow -

Robert Edward Lord Petre William Gosling, Esq; - .

Henry Cranmer, Esq; -

William Swaine, Gent.

Walter Hill, Esq;

James Vaughan, Yeoman -Charles Cooke, Esq; - -

William Skyrme

Richard Williams - -

Francis Bakdon Thomas, Esq; -John Gwillim -

Henry Shiffner, Esq; -

Dean and Chapter of Hereford -1

James Davis -

Francis Edwards, Gent. - -

Catharine Fullarton, Spinster -Drummond Smith, Esq; - -George Earl of Leicester - -

George Pomfret Vander Meulen, Esq; ——

John Osborn, Esq. - -

1793. August 28.

1796.

November 30.

December 18, January 27. December 2.

,?95- January 28

DORSET.

For a Tenement in Sturmiafter - -

ESSEX.

For the Manor of Ginge, in Margaret End -

Moiety of a„Pension issuing out of Manuden Rectory - - -For the Farm of the Manor of Qpendon, and a Capital Mef- 7 fuage called Newman Hall (Viscontiel Rent) - - - 3

For Lands called Churchall in Packlefom -

HEREFORD.

For a Tenement and Land called The Pale, in Kyneton -For a Tenement called The Crow, in Kyneton -

For Lands called Dunwood Farm, in Dilwin, Part of the 7 Chantry of the Blessed Mary there (Part of 9/. 10 .) - 3 For Lands at Blackmarfons ——

For a Tenement, Orchard, and Garden thero - - -For a House and Garden there ——

For Lands in Northgate Street, Hereford - - - -For a Pasture called Prior's Leafow, in Dewchurch with a Close called Pigs, being Parcel of the late Priory of Kill-peck (Part of 20/.) ——

For Lands in Whittington, alias Wythington (Part of 9 s. 4d. For Three Houses in Igne Street, Hereford - - -For Three Houses in All Saints Parish, Hereford - - -For Lands called Pontrylafs, alias Pontrylace, in Kenchurch The Price of 28 Buftiels of Oats ——

For the Canons Bakehouse in Hereford....

For TwdHousesia Wyebridge Street} Hereford - - -For Lands called Dudallshope, in Bodenham - -

— 54

6 id

3 —

— 1

6

6

= 1

— 34. —

— 6 8 — n

— 2 6 _ I

z-i r J

HERTFORD.

1797-

September 9. December 8. April 8. July 29.

1797 March 17. Vql. 53.

Thomas Ivory, Yeoman -

Richard Smith, Yeoman - - -Elizabeth Day, and Amey Pay, 7 Spinsters- ----- - J

John Boddington, Gent. -

William Huffey, Gent. - - -Joseph Nash, Yeoman - -

William Domville, Esq; -

Thomas Crawley - -Michael Le Heup, Esq; -William Pembroke, Esq;

Thomas Stepbenfon, Yeoman James Walmsley, Esq; - -

Timothy Parker, Esq; - -

John Marfden, Esq; -Honourable Lloyd Kenyon -Thomas Cropper, Yeoman, and 7 others - - - -j

Charles Brackenbury, Esq; - -

For the Rectory of North Myms -

For the Manor of Tring ——

For the Manor of Little Amwell - -

For a Tenement in Fishpoole Ward, St. Albans

For a Tenement in St. Peter's Ward, St. Albans For another Tenement there - -

For another Tenement there ——

For a Part of a Greenhouse there - -

For a Tenement at Kympton - -

For another Tenement there - -

For a Tenement in St. Peter's Ward, St. Albans

For a Farm in St. Peter's Ward, St. Albans

For a Tenement in Halliwell Ward, St. Albans - - -For a Tenement in Cook Row, in Spicer Street, St. Albans For a Tenement at Kympton ——

For a Tenement io Halliwell Ward, St. Albans - - -For another Tenement there ——

For another Tenement there -

For a Part of Two Tenements in St. Peter's Ward - , -For Lands in Welwyn ——

For a Tenement and Lands in Hinzworth, alias Hingsworth For the Manor of Sopwell, alias Selbarnes -

LANCASTER.

For Nettle (lack Lands - -- -For Castleton and Hunderftcld Manor ——

For Mill Close, Part of Hornby Cell (Part of 14/. t\d.) -For Part of Hornby Cell ——

For Lands at Hilton and elsewhere - -- -- -For Lands at Windle and elsewhere (Part of £. i. 13/. 4 /. 7 per Annum)..... J

LINCOLN.

For Lands in E after Kcale -

3

— 26

— j jit|

« 5 — " 5 .

— 1 Si

— 16 —

" 5 ",

— 12 2j|

— 3

— 13

~ — 6

— 4_4

— 2

6

8 —

E E}

i 4 6

— >4 1 2

— 1

— 6

1 6

6

At

If1

1

8

2 8

4 4i

— 54

-ill —

— 14 —

2 12 —

36 8 16 18

26 —

6 19

1 12 —

4 7 —

13 1; 6

13 -

3 5 —

i'tz

38 7 —

1 14 — — 9 —

20 16 —

6 i® —

13 6 — 11 —

6 8 —

3 5 — 2 12 — 6 10 — 1 6 —

- 3 -

— 17 6 12 l6 —

5 4 — — 13 —

26 13 —

>5 f —

23 8

1 9 6

7 18 6

27 is — 236

1 ij —

2io ii Jamarii.J, 1798.

Dates of Certificate Name of Purchaser . 1 RENTS SOLD. Land Ta allowed Purchase Mone>.

LONDON. £- /. d. £. ,. d. £

794- December i. Isaac Stafford Brown, Gent. - - For the Ring's Head Tavern, without Bishop's Gate - - -For the Roebuck over against St. Dunstan's Church, in Fleet 1 Street ----- -- --.j — 2 6 X c —

795- March 19. Henry Hoaife, Esq; - -| — 4 8 J > 6 1 6

Aprils. John Relph, Esq;- - - For Tenements in Horse Shoe Alley, now Sweet Apple 1 Court, without Bishop's Gate - - - j — 126 - 1 2i 13 6

For ocher Tenements there - -- - — 42 $

Aegufi 28. William Lyne, Gent. For Four Tenements in Milk Street - -- -- - T — J 11-

For the Three Cocks in Cheapside ----- --- 1 -

For Tenements against the Crown and Tun, in Noble Street, 1

Mary Bywater- heretofore the Old Tun Alehouse, and now or late the > — 6 8 813 6

Golden Ball and Pearl - - - -J

1796. March 15. Coles Child, Esq; ..... - For the Hoop Tavern, in Thames Street ----- - 1 6 8 — S 4 27 ij —

MIDDLESEX,

795- August 28. William George Brown, Esq; - - For Tenements and a Garden near the Chain on Tower Hill — 16 — 20 16 —

John Giles, Yeoman - - - - For Land or Meadow called Anftreads, in Tottenham - - . — 4 Q 6 x 6

December 18. Charles West, Farmer - - - - For Two Acres of Land in Cowley Peachy ----- - T 7 — — 66

NORFOLK.

1796. February 19. John Carter, Esq; ----- For Porders Land in Stredgett - -- . 12 —

797 September 12. Edmund Rolfe, Esq;- - - -| A Feodary or Castle Guard Rent of 1 s. 9 d. per Term, at 1 30 Weeks to a Term, for Sedgford Manor, per Annum - 3 J X — 3 — 3 !9 6

' NORTHAMPTON.

794. December 5. Thomas Grant, Esq; - - - - For Lands in Litchborow, alias Lytchborough ----- — 1 9 2 c 6

13- Captain Christopher Mason For Lands in Patte shall - -- — 6 — - 7 16 —

x5 Richard Arnold, Gent. - For Lands in Lvlburne - - -- - 1 - - _ . r _ 20 16 —

795- March it. George Thomas, Gent. - - - For a Water Mill in Brackley - - -- -- - 8 X — 17 6

April 30 Reverend Charles Crawley - - - 20 16 —

August 24. Thomas Ratcin ----- - For Tythes in Guillborow - - -- - — 1 8 I 236

1796. Charles Heygate and another - - For Lands in West Haddon - -- - - - 3 18 —

March 27 William Cleaver, Yeoman - - - For Lands in Blakelley ——

May 10. Reverend William Wilkins - -1 For Lands or Hereditaments, Part of the Manor of Middle- 7 ton Cheney - . - - j For Lands in Everfden Parva, alias Everton Parva - - - 7 — 3 4 iS 14 —

June 14. Lydia Folwell, and Mary Fol-,) well, Spinsters - - - - -3 — 4 — 3 1 —

SALOP.

,794 November 22. William Bickley ----- - For a Tenement in Newport, formerly CarfwalL - 1 — — I

December 18. For another Tenement in Newport - -- - - -- - — 8 _ } 230

Revel Phillips, Esq; ,- - - - For Part of a Tenement in the Back Lane in Shifnal - - - — 2 — _ 1

For Part of a Tenement in Shifnal - - 2 T - } 5 4 —

»79S- August 09. Rowland Hunt, Esq; - - - - For Lands and Tenements in the Lordship of Bafchurch - - 2 14 5 — 10 — 57 15 —

1796. April 27. Thomas Vaughan - - - For Lands in Whittington ----- ----- - — — 9 —

SUFFOLK.

794 November 29. Allington Morley, Gent. - - - For Lands in Hunden - -- - 6 — 13 —

December 8. Alexander Adair and Edward 1 For Lands in Creeting All Saints ——

Brice, Esqrs. ----- 3 — — 9 —

12. Alderman Manning, Esq; - - - For the Rectory of Great Glemham - ----- -- — 9 6 12 7 —

1795 January 15. Anna Maria Haft, Widow - For Part of Spencer's Land in Boxford (within the Hundred 7 of Babergh) J 9 — 19 6

28. Ann Chtifp, Spin Her- - - For More's Tenement in Great Cornaid (within the Hun- 7 dred of Babergh) ----- - - - -- --j — 1 6 — 1 19 —

March 11 John Clayton, Esq; - - - - -John Sparke, Esq; - - -| For the Rectory of Sibton - -- --A Feodary or CafUe Guard Rent, of 1 s. 6 d. per Term, at 1 — 16 8 — 2113 6

20 Weeks to a Term, for the Manor of Hepworth, alias > — 3 11 — 5 2 —

John Le Grice, Gent. - - - - Kepworth, per Annum J v

For 240 Acres of Land in Great Welnetham - - - — 6 8 — 8136

August 6. John Pytches, Esq; - - - For Lands at Needham Street, in Gazely ----- - 9 — — 19 6

>796- For Lands at Knettilhall, alias Knetfal ----- -- — — 9 —

February 27. J ohn W ard and J ohnMallows, Gents. For Lands in Thelveihaip, alias Thelnetham — — 17 6

May 30. Revd Henry Williams - - - - For Marlesford Rectory ----- - 13 4 - X 17 14 6

Jonathan Woolnough the ETder, 1 For Lands at Aldringham and Thorp — 3} — 1

November 29. and John Nunn the Elder (in > Trust) J For Lands in Snape - - -- — 2 — 4 6

Peter Upcher, Esq; For Lands in Brettenham, in Cosford Hundred - - - — 1 — - 7 2 8 —

I For Staniled Hall, in Brettenham aforesaid ----- - — 6 - [

December 19. (For Mancer's Farm, in Alpheton, in Babergh Hundred - - 4 - 3

Joseph Hales, Yeoman - - - - j For a Tenement and Land in Great Welnetham - — 3 — — 6 6

797- April 20. r Edward Green, Esq; - - - j For the Manor of Places, in Sudbury (within the Hundred 7 of Babergh) ] — 2 — — 2 12

May 15. Sir Thomas Gage, Bart. - - - 1 For Lands in Flempton (in Thingoe Hundred) - - - - 1 — 2 — 4 6

v

38 Geo. III.

11

Januariu

Daces of Certificates. *

795-

,797 *

June 9. July 15.

1794. December 13.

1796.

794 *

1795 *

July 27. December 19, 1

November 24. December 9.

Sir Francis Geary, Bart, and 7 others, in Trust - - - J

Walter Tothill, Gent. - - - t

Mary Payne, Widow -ohn Arnoore, Yeoman Thomas Richardson, Esq; Henry Godfrey ct Ux.

James Prifdee, Gent. -Sarah Roberts, SpinHer

is.

24 *

March 11.

J« y 3 -

Richard Frances, Gent. - -

Thomas Mumford, Gent. Henry Mason, Esquire

November 27.

1796. February 27.

May 25

1797. May 18.

29.

September 23.

>794 December 9. 795- Jhne 9.

1796.

>797-

August 14. June 18

August x.

January 12

<795. March 16

September 9

- 795- March 14.

1794. December 17 VOL. 53.

James of Purchasert.

RENTS $ O L D.

of

SURREY.

For Lands in Great Bigney ——

For the Green Dragon, in Fowls Lane, Southwark

SUSSEX.

For Lands in Midhurst, called Holmeade For Warmington Manor - - - -For Lands in Henn ——

For Parc of Hallifham Manor - -

£ t.

— 28

Zll\

1 4 if

— 3 —

William Hemming - - - - j

Chri(lr George, Gent.; and others, Trustees and Governors t of Shewring's Hospiul, Wor- f cester -Will Mathers, Esq; and others, 1 Governors and Supervisors 6f I the Free School and Trinity r Almshouses in Worcester - -) Henry Wakeman, Esq; - - - -Richd Cope Hopton, Esq; - - -William Barnes - -

Thomas Baylis, Gent. - -

George Perrot, Esq; - -

George William Earl of Coventry |

Samuel Sherwood, Yeoman -Reverend James Stilling fleet -John Stather ——

William Perrott -

Thdmas Fawcett, Gent. - -

Robert Plaxton - - - - -Thomas Robinson, Gent. -

William Earl Fitzwilliam

j

Matth Butterwick, Esq; and! Francis Almond, Gent. - -J

WORCESTER.

For a House and Garden in St. Peter's Parisbr in Wych -For a House, formerly called Butter's House, in Wych -For a House in St. Peter's Parish, in Wych -

For a House in - - D° - - in D -

For Lands in Wych ——

For Lands, called Littlehome Meadow, in St. Nicholas's 7

Parish, in Wych....

For a Tenement, late the White Lion, now the George, with 7 another Tenement behind the fame, and Lands, in Wych J For Lands in Kinfam, in the Parish of Breedon -

For a Pasture in Lench wick, called Twy ford - -

For a Close in Lenchwick, adjoining to Twy ford Bridge For a House, called the Adam and Eve, in the High Street, 7 in Worceller - -- --J

For the late Alderman Shewring's Hospiul, in the Foregate 7 Street, Worcester.....J

For White Lady's and Pitchcrofts, near Worcester - -For the Rectory of Claines -

For Lands in Hoi bury ——

For a House in Cowle Street, in Evesham - - - - -For Lands, Part of the Rectory or Parsonage of Tenbury - -I ForFladbury Moore, about Three Acres, near Perfhore - -I For Lands, called Stoakhome, at'Xinnerfley Green, in the 7 Parish of Croome Dabitot - -5

- YORK. '

For a Garden, a little Close, and Six Acres of Land, in Eailby For Lands at Hotham, (Partof . 8. ... -

For Lands at Hot ham, (Part of 8. ir.) -

For Lands at Hotham, (Part of £. 8. 2 /.) -

For Tythes of Corn and Hay in Afkham Bryan - - - - I

For Lands at Hotham, (Part of £. % . 2s.) - -

For Lands, called Priest Butts, in Filey -

The Rent reserved for Rexnbergh Grange, alias Rainbrough 7 I Grange j

For Carrhouse Grainge, near Rotheram -

For Lands and Tenements in Thurslc, alias Thirsk (Part of 7 I

£ 5/. 8 .).....- - - - -J

2 —

6 8

S 10

— 9

— 9

— 8

3 ,0i — 8f

2 — — 5 5 —

— 14 6

— 19 9

3 "

8 —

— 3 — 4

- 4

- 7 —

- 16

- 16

- 6

Holland William , Esq; Revd Henry Williams -

Walter Jeffreys, Esq; - - - .

Revd Humphrey Jones

1 17

Land Tax

allowed. '

£. s. J.

- }

8 —

♦ —

- 5 > *

— 3 1

— 3 25

— 7

WALES.

ANGLES EY.

For Parthaythwy, alias Porthathwy Ferry For the Ferry House there - -

For Land in L lan vac hell - -

3 6 8

1 4 —

For

BRECON.

>r Lands, called Troefcoed, alias Drufcoed, in the Parish 7 1 .

of Yflrad velty ----- --- *

CARNARVON. For Pengoge Hamlet

— >9 5

an

Purchase

Money.

£. A d.

396

7 16 —

226

— 36

26 3 6

3 18 -

2 12 —

19 i 6

5 x 6

— 18 6

3 3"

6 10 —

18 17 — .

3716 6

2J 13 6 3 18 — 10 8 —

— 66

2 8 —

4 —

41 12 —

20 16 — 6 1 6

92 —

35 2 — 8 13 6

— 9 —

46 iS — 3 18 —

72 7 6 26 — —

3 7 —

22 13 -j-

v

212

A. 1798

ii® Januarii.

Dates of Certificates, Names of Purchasers. RENTS SOLD. Land Tax allowed. Purchase Money.

CARMARTHEN. / £. /. J. £ ' £

795 January a. Rees Thomas, Gent. «... For a Tenement called Abertigen - - - -- - IO 13

' John Phillips, Gent. - - - - For Land called Weyne G red igge IO — — 13

3 waiter Thomas, Esq; - - - - For a Tenement in Browfcowen - -- ill 8 - 6-7

For Three Tenements in LIanwonio - - 1 1 6 — 4 — f 63 IO —

For a Tenement in Castle Coflan ----- ---- — 5 - 3

28. William Evans, Gent. - - - For a Tenement called Lloyne Lloyde ----- -- - 8 4 IO 17 -.

March 19. Frederick Bludworth, Esq; - - For Two Tenements &c. in Grange Ifcoyd ----- 5 2 " 1 7-)

For Tenements in Ifcpyd (together £. 2. 17/. 8 d.) - -1 1 11 — 168 - 6<z ,7I >5 6

For Tenths issuing oot of the late Priory of Whitland - - - — 2 5i - 3

August 26. Rev. John Probyn - - - For the Rectory of Llanftephan, and the Town of Kidwellie 18 j it- 374 —

1796. February 9. William Williams, Esq; - - - For the Manor of Eglofkymmin, alias Eglwfcummin - - - 25 10 10 4 4- 489 18 —

GLAMORGAN.

1795. December 12. Henry Duke of Beaufort - . For Lands within the Manor of Gower ----- -- 4 1 2 -16 — 7

For other Lands there ----- ----- -- 1 10 4 - 6-f 143 9 —

For Lands in Llanridean - -- 1 4 10 — 4 — 3

MERIONETH.

1795. January >9. Edward Williames Vaughan Sa-1 lefbury, Esq; ] For Tenth, referred and UTuing from the Manor of Glyndurdwy 1 12 8 - 34 >3 6

MONMOUTH.

1796. May t8. Paul Orchard, Esq; - - - - For a Moiety of Grofmond Tythes (Abergavenny Collection) 368 — 12 — 71 i 6

: - Matthew A Deane, Esq; - - - For a Moiety of Grofmond Tythes (Abergavenny Collection) 368 — 12 7116

PEMBROKE.

1794. November 20. John Cozens, Esq; - - - For a Tenement called Rofepoole - 1 15 4 — 6 — 38 3 —

December 12. Thomas William Esq; - - - For the Rectory of Newcastle - -- - 15 — — 3 — — 312

1795. January 8. Ann Caller Widow . - - For the Rectory of Amroth - -- - 5 3 4 X 2-1 161 6 6

For Lands in Templeton - -- 1 18 9 -6-1 IUI u v

March xi. Rev. William Probyn - - For Land in Hogifton (viz. £. 13. I8x. 8</. and 16 J. for 7 Four Geese) j 14 a 16 — 291 4 —

RADNOR.

1794. December 2. John Walsh, Esq; - 4 - - - For Forty Acres of Land near Camerton ----- - — 15 — . 2 - 16 18 —

Edward Burton, Esq; - - - - For a Close on Kevenygare Hill - -- — 2 6 3 S —

TOTALS,

In ENGLAND....

In WALES....

Land Tax allowed -

Rents fold. Land Tax allowed. Purchase Money.

£. t. £ J / '

61 12 8 6 3 4 i 1,442 6 6

I14 16 9l 21 12 — 2,424 8 —

«76 9 Si 27 5 4 3,866 14 6

7 >5 4i

Net Amount

148 14 — I

Amount of Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, purchased 7 with the said Sum of £. 3,866. 14/. 6d. ]

Annua! Amount of Dividends of Stock purchased

5,891 10 6 176 14 tt

N° 13.

38 Geo. III.

it° Januarii.

N 13.

Land Revenue Office Ofibber 24th, 1794 *

My Lords,

As your Lordships have not yet signified to me your Pleasure as to the Price at which I may, at present, dispose erf Fee Farm Rents, and as new Applications are received every Day for Information on this Subject, and new Offers made to purchase, I think it my Duty to bring the Matter again under your Lord ships' Notice, and humbly to submit to your Lordships' Consideration, whether some general Regulation, as to the Price at which the Surveyor General may be authorized, at all Times, to fell those Rents, may not, with Safety, be established, by fixing the Proportion which the felling Price of those Rents shall, at all Times, bear to the Price of the Funds at the Time of Sale.

For since the Act of Parliament enjoins that the Produce of the Sale of those Rents shall be laid out in the Purchase of Stock, it becomes a Sort of Barter of Rents for Dividends; and it is of little Consequence what the Price of the one i$, if the Proportion to the Price of the other shall be preserved; and this general Regulation will save the Trouble to your Lordships of new Applications from this Office,' for Directions as to the Price of Sale, on every considerable Fluctuation in the Price of the Funds.

I take the Liberty, therefore, to submit to your Lordships' Consideration, whether it may not be' expedient to authorize the Surveyor General to fell Fee Farm Rents, at all Times, when he can obtain such a Price as shall be 10 per Centum at lfeaft higher than the current Price of 3 per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities at the Time of the Sale.

It is true, that as the greater Part of the Rents are very small, an Alteration in the Price of the Funds may happen after some have been fold, and before the Price shall amount to a Sum sufficient to be inverted in Stock} but this is unavoidable, whether the general Regulation shall be established or not.

By a Sale under this Limitation, the Advantage to Government will be certain and considerable: It will be 10 per Centum, or more, on the Capital; and the Interest will be received Half Yearly, Without Expence or Diminution; whereas the Rents are irregularly paid, much in Arrear, and collected at considerable Expence.

To prevent any Misapprehension of what is meant by proposing to fell at a Price at least 10 per Centum higher than the Price of Stock at the Time of Sale, it may be proper to (late, that in my former Memorial on this Subject, when the Price of Stock was near to 64 per Centum} I proposed that Rents should be sold at

25 Years Purchase, at which Rate a Rent of £.3 would produce £. 75; but £. 64 would purchase £. 3 of Dividends of Consolidated Bank Annuities, which would leave a Profit of £.11 on £.75, or about 14 per Centum.

I have the Honour to be.

My Lords,

Your Lordships'

Most obedient humble Servant,

John,

Surv' Gen.

The Right Honourable

The Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

N 14. (A.)

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

My Lords,

Several Applications having been made for Grants or Renewals or Leases from the Crown, in Cafes where VOL. 33.

Houses are proposed to be re-built, or other new Buildings to be erected, it becomes necessary to establish some general Rules for regulating the Extent of Term to be granted by the Crown in the different Cafes of this K.ind now depending, or which may hereafter occur.,

The Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue authorizes the granting of Building Leases for any Term not exceeding 99 Years; but that Term being the longell which the Cr< wn is empowered to grant, or which the Owners of private Estates are in the Habit of granting, for Houses of the largest Size and most expensive Stile of Building, it seems proper to make some Difference in the Terms to be granted for Houses of inferior Value, and, as far as may be practicable, to adapt the Length of the Lease to the Size and Quality of the Building to be erected.

The Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, specifies Four different Rates or Classes of Dwelling Houses, and the different Degrees of Thickness required, both' for External and Party Walls, in the Houses of-each Ciafs. It is, however, to be observed, that the Degrees of Thickness prescribed by that Act are the least which the Legislature has thought fit to allow of, in regard merely to the Public Security: And it is found that Houses may be built in strict Compliance with that Act, and yet be so flight as to be hardly capable of (landing out the Term of an ordinary Building Lease. The Object and Intent of the Act was. indeed, chiefly to provide against Accidents from Fire } but the Interest of the Ground Landlord requires that Attention should be paid to the Strength and Durability of the Houses, from which alone his Estate can derive any lading Improvement; and for effecting that Object some additional Substance in the Walls is deemed, by experienced Surveyors, to be requisite, beyond what the Building Act absolutely requires.

The shortest Term for which Building Leases are commonly granted, I am informed, is 61 Years; but I understand that the more usual Term is 99 Years, efoe-cially in Leases for the covering of Ground not before built on. In treating with several of the Tenants of the Crown who have applied for Building Leases, I have found them, in general, unwilling to build upon act Years Lease, and Thill more to exceed the Degree of Strength which the Building Act requires, if confined to that Term; and I have found them willing to pay larger Ground Rents on Leases for longer Terms: I am, therefore, of Opinion, that it will be conducive to the permanent Improvement of the Revenue to grant longer Leases, and, in return, to require some additional Substance in the new Buildings. There are, I believe, few, if any, Situations upon the Crown's Estate, where it would be right to permit Houses to be built of so inferior a Kind as those of the Fourth Rate or Ciafs described in the Building Act; and upon con-fulting with the Surveyors employed in this Department,. I have thought it advisable to form Three Classes for Building Leases to be granted by the Crotfn, of different Lengths, according to the Size and Substance required for the Houses in each Cla(s;

First Ciafs, 7 All Houses exceeding Nine Squares Term 99 Years. 3 of Building on the Ground Plan, exclusive of Offices detached from the main Building (each Square containing 100 superficial Feet) and having not less than Four Square Stories, including the JBafement Story.

Second Ciafs, 7 All Houses exceeding Five Squares of Term 80 Years.) Building on the Ground Plan, and not exceeding Nine Squares, and having not lets than Four Square Stories.

3 I Third

214 11° Januarii. A. 1798.

Third Class, ? All Houses not exceedingFive Squares Term 70 Years.,) of Building on the Ground Plan, and having not less than Four Square Stories.

By my Direction, the Surveyors have drawn out a Specification of the different Thicknesses of Walls, Kinds of Materials, and other Particulars, to which the Tenants should be required to conform in the building of Houses of each Class; and which, without adding materially to the Expence of the Buildings, will contribute elsentially to their Strength and Durability, and consequently to the Advantage of the Revenue. A Regulation of this Kind will be conducive likewise to the Accommodation of the Tenants, who will thereby have the Option of taking a Building Lease for either of the Terms specified, by erecting their Buildings of the Size and Substance required for that Term; and if it should happen that a Tenant who proposes to build a House of the Size specified in the Second or Third Class, should w'ifh for a Lease of greater Length than the Term prescribed, I should think it no Detriment to the Crown to grant him the Term proposed for the next higher Class, on Condition of erecting his Building of the Strength required for such Class, it being, as I conceive, of more efl'ential Advantage to the Estate of the Crown to encourage the building of substantial Houses, by the Addition of a few' Years to the Building Leases, than to permit the erecting of flight Buildings on Leases for shorter Terms. A Copy of the Specification is transmitted herewith.

It is usual with Ow'ners of private Estates, on granting Building Leases, to allow a certain Time (from One to Three Years, according to Circumstances) for erecting the new Buildings, and during that Time to forbear the Acceptance of Rent. In the same of the Crown, when it happens that a new House is to be built on Ground which is out of Lease, and where the new Ground Rent would be payable from the Date of the new Lease, I would recommend that an Allowance should be made, not exceeding the first Two Years Rent; but when it happens that a House is to be rebuilt during the Term of an existing Lease, and a reversionary Term is added to prolong the same to a building Term, and the new Ground Rent payable only for the reversionary Term, the former Ground Rents being in general very trifling in comparison of the Value of the Ground, I should not, in such Cases, recommend any Forbearance of Rent.

If your Lordships shall be pleased to approve of the Regulations herein suggested, or to prescribe any other for my Direction on this Subject, I shall proceed accordingly on such Applications for Building Lcalcs as are or may be referred to me.

All which is humbly fubuiitted to your Lordships.

1 ith October 1796. Survr Gen.

N° 14. (B.)

Sir,

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury your Memorial, dated the nth of October last, on the Subject of the general Rules to be established for regulating the Extent of Term to be granted by the Crown in Leases where Houses are proposed to be rebuilt, or other new Buildings erected, I am commanded by their Lordships to acquaint you, that they approve of the Regulations suggested in the said Memorial.

I am.

Sir,

Your most humble Servant, Treasury Chambers, Charles Long,

14th February 1797.

John Fordyce, Esq; \

Surveyor General of the Land Revenue.

N° 15. (A.)

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

My Lords,

In obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference, dated the 6th of August last, I have considered the annexed Memorial of Sir John Smith Burges, Baronet, and Drummond Smith, Esquire, praying your Lordships to grant them a new Lease or Leases of a Parcel of Ground, with the Houses and other Buildings thereon, situated at Hyde Park Corner, and extending from the House of Earl Cholmondeley, at the Corner of Lane,

on the East, to that of Earl at the Entrance of

Hyde Park, on the West, and from Piccadilly to the Wall of the Park, including both Sides of Hamilton Street, to fill up their present Term therein to a Building Term of 99 Years.

The Premisses of which the Memorialists desire anew Lease consist of a large Parcel of Ground, with the Buildings thereon, bounded as above del'cribed, extending in Front to Piccadilly, about 540 Feet, and containing Two Acres and a Half, or thereabouts. This Ground was formerly Part of Hyde Park, which having been disparked and fold during the Usurpation of Cromwell, the Ground in question, on which several Tenements had been erected, was left out of the Park, when it was restored and walled round by King Charles the Second; and a Lease thereof was granted, in the Year 1665, to a Trustee for James Hamilton, Esquire, then Ranger of the Park, under a Rent of 10 per Annum. In 1695 (July 3d) a farther Lease of the Premisses w'as granted by King William and Queen Mary, to Elizabeth Hamilton, Widow', for a Term of 99 Years, from the 30th of November 1695, at the same Rent; and in 1757 (May 19th) the Premisses were farther demised, by his late Majesty, to the Honourable George Hamilton, for a Term of 12 Years and a Half, from the nth of December 1794, when the former Lease expired, at the same Rent of ioj.; which last mentioned Term will expire on the nth Day of June 1807.

In the Year 1770, this Estate was assigned to the late Sir Robert Bernard, Baronet, and after his Decease, in the Year 1789, was purchased by the Memorialists, for the Remainder of the Terms granted by the Leases

O w

from the Crown, subject to such Under Leases and Agreements as had been made by Mr. Hamilton and Sir Robert Bernard respecting the Premisses.

Prior to the Sale of the Estate to Sir Robert Bernards Mr. Hamilton had granted Leases of several Parcels of the Ground, on Terms which it is necessary to state to your Lordships; viz.

24th January 1759, a Lease to Joseph Dixon, Builder, of a Piece of Ground containing 42 Feet 6 Inches in Front to Piccadilly and 111 Feet 6 Inches in Length, for a reversionary Term of 32 Years from Christmas 1 773 (when a former Lease granted by Mr. Hamilton of the same Premisses, at a Rent of £. 30 per Annum, would expire) reserving for the said reversionary Term a Rent of £. 48 per Annum, which Lease was granted in consideration of the Sum of £. 70 paid to Mr. Hamilton, and of a Covenant from Dixon to build a substantial House thereon within 2 Years from the Date.

And 26th March 1762, a Lease to Richard Cavendijhy Esquire, of another Piece of Ground, containing 48 Feet in Front to Piccadilly, and Feet in Depth,

for aTerrn of 40-Years and Six Months from Midfum-mer 1766, at a Rent of £. 50per Annum.

In each of these Leases is contained a Covenant from Mr. Hamilton similar in Substance, and nearly in the same Words, "that he, his Executors, Administrators, " and Assigns should, from Time to Time, when and c< as he or they should renew the Lease from the Crown, " execute to the respective Lessees, their Executors, " Administrators, and Assigns, one or more new or " further Lease or Leases, for such Time and Terms as

" should

Reference of Memorial of Sr John Smith Buries, Bart-and Drummond Smith, Euj; for new LeHe of Houses and Ground in Piccadilly, near Hyde Park Corner.

Premi fTes applied. for.

Former Leases from the Crown in 1665.

In 1693.

Last: Lease in 1757 to Hon George Hamilton.

AiTig-ned in 1770 to Sir Rob1 Bernard, Bart.

In 1789 to the Memorialists.

Building Leaies granted by Mr. Hamilton, with Covenants for farther Terms on obtaining new Lealc from the Crown.

17 59. Lease to Joseph Dixon.

176- Lease to Richd Cavendish, Eiv[i

Covenants from Mr. Hamilton.

38 Geo. III.

x I

Januafii.

4I5

Terms agreed to be granted.

Houses built in consequence.

One by the Xhike of Queen fberry on the Ground demised to Dixon.

Cafe of the Duke of Queensberry.

" should lengthen and continue the Terms so granted to Pillars, and the Golden Lion; to hold for a Term of,

" them to the following Terms, videlicet, The Lease to Years from Midsummer 1759, at a Rent of 110 " Dixon to the Term of 94Y ears from Christmas 1758, and per Annum. In 1772 this Lease was purchased by the Purchased in.

14 the Lease to Mr. Cavendish, to the Term of 92 Years late Earl who pulled down the old Houses; g7 ubr EarI

‘ from Christmas 1761, always saving and reserving in and, after applying Part of the Ground next his own ‘ every such new or further Lease a Reservation of Six House to the building of Coach Houses and Stables for stables erect- Months to the said George Hamilton, his Executors, his own Occupation, entered into an Agreement, in the for

' Administrators, and Assigns, at and under the same Year 1775, jointly with Sir Robert Bernard, the then thurftiufe.

1 Yearly Rents of £. 48 and £. 50, and under and sub- Proprietor of the Crown Lease, with Mr. Clag-

' ject to the like Covenants, Conditions, and Agree- gett,a Builder, to grant to him the Residue of that ments, except the said Covenant for a further Term, Ground, which contained in Front 97 Feet, on a Build-the said Lessees, their Executors, Administrators, or ing Lease, to be renewed from Time to Time on re-Assigns, paying a proportionable Share of the Fine, newing the Lease from the Crown, so as to make up Fees, and other Expences attending the obtaining to Claggehis Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, Lease to Crii-every such further or reversionary Lease or Grant the full Term of 90 Years from Michaelmas 1775, at a pus Claggett. from the Crown, with respect only to such Part of the Ground Rent of £. 270 per , to be paid to Lord

Ground thereby intended to be leased as shall bear Bathurst during the Remainder of the Lease purchased an equal Proportion with the Rents which should be by him, and afterwards to Sir Robert , or the

then reserved and made payable to the said George Lessee of the Crown for the Time being.

Hamilton, his Executors, &c. by the other Tenants By this Agreement, Claggett engaged to build Three of the Ground, to be granted by the said new or substantial Houses on the Ground, and Lord Bathurst further Leases from the Crown, according to the agreed to grant him Three separate Lcales of the Three Rents so reserved, or to the Improvements made or Houses so to be built, for the whole Term purchased to be in the mean Time made thereupon, and also by him; and Sir covenanted to grant to Covenant

Claggett, his Executors, &c. further Leases thereof, for Bernard to re-the whole Term which he should obtain upon a Renewal of the Crown Lease, which had then been applied for, except the last Two Years; and that Sir Ro-

1775-. The

Remainder agreed by Lord Bathurst and Sr R. Bernard to be granted on a Building

Term to be granted.

Ground Rent.

Chggctt to build Three Houses.

the whole Expence of such under Leases, and the " Counterparts thereof."

On these Two Pieces of Ground Two very substantial Houses were soon afterwards erected. That which was built on the Ground demised to Dixon now belongs bert Bernard, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Duke of Questjberry for the Remainder of the should, at least 20 Years before the Expiration of the Term granted to Dixon, with the Benefit of the Cove- Lease so applied for, endeavour to obtain a further . nant for extending that Term, to 94 Years, and the Lease or Lcales from the Crown, in order to make up Duke has applied to your Lordships for a new Lease to Mr. Claggett, his Executors, See. the full Term of from the Crown, and his Memorial is referred to me. 90 Years, under the like Rent of £. 270 per Annum, and I have, therefore, examined the Circumstances relative paying a just Proportion of the Fine and Fees for ob-to that House, and find, that, in the Year 1762, Dixon, taining all such further Leases after the Renewal then who had not then begun to erect any new Buildings on applied for should be completed; and it was further the Ground, contracted with the Duke of Queensberry agreed, that if Sir Robert Bernard, his Executors, Ad-(then Earl of March) for the Sale of his Interest in the ministrators, or Assigns, should refuse or neglect to

new the Lease from the Crown, and grant further Terms \

Lease from Mr. Hamilton, for the Sum of £. 550; and by Articles dated 3d May 1762, Dixon covenanted, within Two Years from the Date, or so soon as the Earl of March should erect and cover in One substantial Dwelling House on that Ground, to grant a Lease to him for the whole Term stipulated to be granted to Dixon by the Lease from Mr. Hamilton, and under the same Rents as were reserved by that Lease; and ac-

House built by Mr. Cavendish, now belonging to DudieyNorth, Esq;

1759. Eeafeto John Douglas.

~ or

use his and their best Endeavours to obtain from the Crown such further or reversionary Grants (after the Renewal then in Treaty for should be completed) as should be necessary for enabling him or them to make up the said Term of 90 Years, it should be lawful for or cia ett to Mr. Claggett, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, be at Liberty to apply to the Crown in his or their own Names, and tUsownName. for his and their own Benefit, and to use his and their cordingly, by indenture of Lease, dated 30th September best Endeavours, to procure from the Crown a Grant or 1766, reciting that the Earl of March had built and Grants of the Premilfes, to commence from the Expi-completely finished the said House, Dixon demised the ration of the Grant then in being, belonging to or. same to him for the Term of 43 i Years from Midfum- vested in the said Sir Robert Bernard.

mer 1762 (being the whole Term actually granted to Under this Agreement Claggett began to execute his Houses him by Mr. Hamilton) except the last Three Days, re- Plan for building Three Houses, and actually built and gett! y serving the same Rents as were payable to Mr. Hamilton, finished Two of them, on the westernmost Part of the videlicet, £. 30 per Annum till Christmas 1773, and £. 48 Ground; and Lord Bathurst, in pursuance of his Cove-per Annum for the Remainder of the Term, with a Co- nant, executed Three Leaies of the Ground to Claggett, venant limilar to that contained in the Lease from Mr. in Three distinct Plots, for the Whole of his Term Hamilton, for granting further Terms to the Earl of wanting Seven Days, reserving for the Center Plot a March, his Executors, &c. to make up 90 Years from Ground Rent of 125 per Annum, and for the other Midsummer 1762, as often as Dixon should obtain new Two Plots Two Rents of .72. 10;. each, making to-or further Leases from Mr. Hamilton, his Executors, &c. gether £270 per Annum, clear of all Deductions; but and upon the same Conditions as were expressed in the owing to l'ome Mistake in not leaving a sufficient Space Lease from him. of Ground for building a Third House, of uniform Size

The House built on the other Piece of Ground, de- with the First, Mr. Claggett was prevented from commifed to Mr. Cavendish, I am informed now belongs to plcting the Three Houses, and the Residue of the Dudley North, Esquire, for the Remainder of the Term. Ground remained some Years unbuilt on. granted by Mr. Hamilton, with the Benefit of the Cove- The westernmost of the Two Houses built by Clag-nant for prolonging that Term to 92 Years from Chriji- gett was afterwards purchased by the Honourable Wilmas 1761. braham Tollemache, to whom it now belongs, for the

On the 14th of July 1759, another Lease was granted Remainder of the Term demised to Claggett, with the by Mr. Hamilton to John Douglas, of a Piece of Ground Benefit of the Covenant from Sir Robert Bernard for ex-at the West End of the Premilles (adjoining to the old tending the same to 90 Years from Michaelmas 17751 Gate Keeper's Lodge, on the Scitc of which Lord and Mr. Tollemache has preferred a Memorial to your Bathurst's House has lincc been ereCled) containing in Lordships for a new Lease of that House from the Front towards Piccadilly 113 Feet 6 Indies, on which Crown, which is also referred to me.

Ground then stood Two Houses, called the Hercules' The other House built by Clavgett, with the Re- The other by Vol. 53. mainder

One House purchased by the Honblc Wilbrahara Tollemache.

L.

216

II

Januarii.

A. 1798,

Crown Lease not renewed by Sr Jtobert Bernard.

Application of M. Vc Ca» lonne for new 1a ale.

Withdrawn by Agreement with Mr. D. Smith.

1791. New

L'-ale of M. De (Calonne's Home granted to the Memo-rialist.

That House divided into Two purchased by J. Crau-ford and C. Cockerell, Eicjuires.

malnder of the Ground demised to him, was purchased by Mons. De Calonue, for the Whole of Claggett' % Interest therein; and Sir Robert Bernard not having completed the Renewal of the Lease from the Crown, which had been applied for prior to his Agreement with Claggett, and the Term unexpired of the subsisting Lease from the Crown being lei's than 20 Years, Mr. De Ca-lonneconceived that he was entitled to the Preference of Renewal as to that Part of the Premises, by the Terms of Sir Robert Bernard's Agreement with,

and he therefore, in the Year 1790, preferred a Memorial to the Treasury fora new Lease, which was referred to Mr. Selwyn, then Surveyor General; but while that Memorial was under Consideration, an Agreement took place between Mr. De Calonneand Mr. Drummond , for an Exchange of Ground, by which Mr. De Calonne obtained an Addition of 5 Feet 6 Inches in Front or Breadth towards Piccadilly, to enable him to complete the Buildings conformably to the original Design; and in consideration of that Exchange, Mr.-D? Calonne agreed to wave his Claim to the Preference of Renewal with the Crown, and addressed a Letter to the Surveyor General, requesting that the Lease which he had applied for might be granted to Mr. Drummond Smithy who had agreed, upon obtaining it, to grant a Lease to him.

In consequence of this Arrangement between Mr. De Calonne and Mr. Smith, a new Lease of that Part of the Premises, containing 68 Feet in Front to Piccadilly, was granted, ift September 1791, to Drummond Smith and John Smith Burges, Esquires (the present Memorialists) for a Term of 33 Years and a Half from the nth of June 1807 (to make up the /Term -then in being to 50 Years) reserving to the Crown a Rent of £. 70. 18 s. 6 d.per Annum, and for a Fine of 770;

which Fine and Rent were computed upon the Value of the Ground Rent only, reserved by the Leases to Claggett, without any Consideration of the Improvements made by building thereon. The House Handing on this Ground, lately occupied by Mr. De Calonne, has since been enlarged, and divided into Two Houses, which have been purchased by John Esquire,

and Charles Cockerell, Esquire, for the Remainder of Mr. De Calonne's Interest therein.

At the same Time (ift September 1791) a separate

of another Part

Lease was granted to the Memorialists

their own Habitation.

t79i. New

Lease granted

rin'iUsof Part of the Ground adjacent to that of Mr. De Calonne, and ©t the Ground containing in Front to Piccadilly 112 Feet, and the Houiisdfm-W° whole Depth to the Park Wall, and then, for the moil Part, covered with Stables, Sheds, and other inferior Buildings; to hold for the like Term of 33 Years and a Half from the nth June 1807, under a Rent of £.112. 3 s.per Annum, and for a Fine of 1,130. This

Lease was granted to enable the Memorialists to build Two Houses for their own Habitation, which has since been done in a very substantial Manner, and at a great Expence; but the Ground occupied by the new Buildings is 10 Feet 10 Inches in Breadth at the South End, and 30 Feet at the North End, more than is comprehended in the new Lease granted to the Memorialists, in which additional Space they have consequently only 125 Years to come; and in re-building the Wall next to the Park, they have inclosed from the Park a Piece of Ground 20 Feet in Breadth at the West End, and diminishing to a Point at the East End, without any written Warrant; but they have since, by a separate Memorial to your Lordships, which is also referred to me, and hereto annexed, requested that the Ground so taken from the Park may be comprehended in the new Lease for which they have applied.

It becomes my Duty to solicit the particular Attention of your Lordships to the Claims both of the Lessees of the Crown, and of the Sub-Lessees, in these Petitions, that, on deliberate Consideration, Precedents may be established by which I may be guided in Cafes of a similar Nature, which may be referred to me; and that One uniform Rule of Proceeding being laid down,

Statement of O.iiins of the LetfVes of the < rown, and , Sub-Lt flees.

any Doubt or Difficulty in such Questions may in future be obviated.

After considering, with all the Attention in my Power, the late Act of Parliament, and the general Rules laid down by your Lordships to direct my Proceedings, I conceive it to be clearly understood, that though, after the Expiration of the Terms in the existing Leases, the Estates will revert to the Crown, and Government has the legal Right of granting new Leases to any Persons, and on any Conditions consistent with the Provisions in that Act, yet that it is intended to give a Preference to the present Lessees in every same where the Subject remains entire, and has not been altered or embarrafied by Acts of the Lessee himself, in which the Powers granted by the Lease have bsen exceeded; that, on the other Hand, in Cafes where the Lessee has taken on himself to enter into Engagements with others to grant Sub-Leases beyond the Duration of his own Lease from the Crown, where Money has been laid out in the Improvement of the Estate, in the Confidence that those Engagements would be fulfilled, and where it is expected that Government will accept of less than the improved Value, with a View to the making an adequate Return for the Money so laid out, the Lessee will not, in every such Case, be enabled, implicitly, to fulfil those Engagements; but the actual Circumstances will be considered, in order that the Liberality of the Crown may be properly directed, and the Benefit of the Abatement, if any shall be made from what Government has a Right to demand, may go to the Person by whom the Money has really been expended, and the Confidence reposed; and that, in the Consideration of every such Question, it is my Duty to keep in view the general Object of the Legislature, and the Principle of the Act of Parliament, and of the Rules laid down by your Lordships, namely, the Improvement and better Management of the Estates of the Crown.

In the present Cafe, in consequence of the various Transactions which have been referred to, the Property granted by the Lease to Mr. Hamilton appears to be divided into Fout Parts, in each of which different Parties are interested, and different Regulations seem to apply to them.

The First is the Part of which no Sub-Lease has been granted, containing any Covenants for Renewal beyond the Term granted by the Crown, and which is now held by Sir John Smith Burges and Mr. Drummond Smith, as it was by Mr. Hamilton and Sir Robert Bernard, without any other Alteration of Circumstances than that of the Sale and Transference of the Crown Lease to them.

The Second Part comprises the Ground on which Sir John Smith Burges and Mr. Drummond Smith have themselves erected valuable Houses, and for which they have obtained a new Lease from the Crown of 50 Years, whereof 46 Years remain unexpired.

The Third Part consists of the Ground on which the House formerly in the Occupation of Mr. De Calonne is situated, since altered, enlarged, and divided into Two Houses, in the Occupation of Mr. Cockerell and Mr. Craufurd, for which a similar Lease with that last mentioned has been granted by the Crown to Sir John Smith Burges and Mr. Drummond Smith.

And the Fourth comprehends those Parts of the Property granted by Sub-Lcales to Messrs. Dixon, Cavendish, and Claggett, with Covenants for Renewal beyond the Term of the Lease from the Crown, and which have not been included in any new Grant from the Crown.

The original Lease purchased by Sir John Smith Burges and Mr. Drummond Smith, so far as relates to the First of these Divisions, falls under that Regulation of your Lordships, by which it is declared, that the Lessees of the Crown shall have a Preference over others in granting a new Lease; and I am of Opinion, that, con-fiftently with the Act of Parliament, a Renewal may be granted

Premises applied for, divided into Four Parts, in each of which different Parties are interested.

Deft: ript ion of First Part.

Second Part *

Third Part.

Fourth Part.

Cafe as to the First Part.

A to the $e-«o uiFart.

At to the Third Fart.

A to the Fourth Fart.

Claims of the Sub-Tenants.

38 Geo. III. tts Januarii. 217

granted to Sir John Smith Burges and Mr. Drummond Smith, of all or any Portion of this First Part, for such Term and on such Conditions as to your Lordships shall seem reasonable; but, previously to the granting of any such new Lease, a hew Survey mu ft be made, and verified by the Oath of the Surveyor; and I am directed by the general Regulations established by your Lordships, to consult with eminent Architects concerning the best Means of improving such Parts of the Crown's Estate, and to lay before your Lordships the Plans which may be proposed for that Purpose, that your Lordships may, if you shall deem it advisable, confine the Lessee to the Execution of the Plan approved of.

'The Second Part is that on which Houses have been built by Sir John Smith Burges and Mr. Drummond on a Lease of no more than 50 Years, that having been the longest Term which could be granted prior to the late Act of Parliament; and as those Houses have been erected at greater Expence, and are more substantial than could have been expected under a Grant for lo short a Term, the Lessees have, in my Apprehension, a reasonable Claim to an Extension of the Term; and your Lordships are empowered to grant it by the Provisions ot that Act: And if your Lordships shall approve of such farther Lcale being granted to the Me-morialists, the Surveyors must not only re-value the Ground comprehended in the Lease already granted to those Gentlemen, and the Rent take place from the Expiration of that Lease, but they must also ascertain the Rent of the additional Ten Feet of Ground over which they have extended their new Buildings, though not comprehended in that new Grant, such Rent to take place from the End of the Lease to Mr. Hamilton, and likewise the Rent of the Ground inclosed from the Park without Licence, which must commence from the D ate of the Lease now proposed to be granted to them.

itefpefting the Third Part, being that on which the Houses occupied by Mr. Cockerell and Mr. Craufurd are situated, a new Lease of those Houses having been already granted by the Crown, of which 46 Years remain unexpired, it does not, from any Circumstances which have come before me, appear to be necessary, at present, to grant any farther Term therein; nor have any Facts been stated to me which would seem to authorize a Renewal of that Lease under the late Act, while more than Twenty Years of the existing Term remain.

In regard to the Fourth Part, it appears, from the Circumstances which have been stated, that the Lessees oft the Crown, and their Sub-Tenants, all acted on a -Presumption that the Crown would not only continue to grant Renewals of the general Lease to Mr. Hamilton, or to his Representatives and Assigns, but that the Rent and Fine to be paid would be very far inferior to the real Value. In consequence of that Presump-fion, the Lessees came under Engagements to grant new Leases to those Sub-Tenants, for much longer Terms than they had any legal Right or Power to contract for or fulfil; and by Means of those irregular Engagements, the Lessees doubtless obtained larger Fines and Rents, during the Term which had been granted to them by the Crown, than they could have obtained, if they had not entered into those Engagements for Renewals.

The Sub-Tenants, on the other Hand, in consequence of those Covenants for Renewal, not only paid more, in Rent and Fine, than the Value of what could. In a legal and valid Manner, be transferred to them by the Lessee of the Crown, but, from the Confidence they placed in those Covenants, laid out large Sums in erecting valuable Houses on the Estate of the Crown; and trusting that the ancient System of Management would be continued, and that the;Estates would be let at much less than the Value, they agreed ;iot only to

Vol. 53.

continue to pay to the principal Lessee the Rents re served by thote Leases, but also a proportionable Part of the Fine, Fees, and other Expences of obtaining the successive Renewals of the Lease from the Crownf and the Expences of the Under-Lease and Counterparts: But, after all those Trahfactions had taken place, the Legislature determined that an entirely new System of Management should be adopted for the Improvement of the landed Property, of the Crown, under which System it is intended that the real Value shall be ascertained, and a fair and reasonable Consideration taken for every Estate granted; leaving, however, with your Lordships, such Powers as might enable you to lave Lessees from the Rilk of Penalties, in consequence of Engagements entered into on the Expectation that the former System would be continued, and to prevent Loss to those who had laid out Money, or cauled it to be laid out, in the Improvement of the Estate of the Crown, when no adequate Term of the Lease remained.

Pursuing the Object of the legislature in those Provisions, considering that, in the Examples which occur in the present Cafe, the Money has been advanced, and the Confidence shewn, by the Sub-Tenants, and not by the principal Lessees,' who, though they engaged to grant farther Terms, in case they should obtain them from the Crown, do not appear to have, in any Respect, made themselves responsible for the Lei's which the Sub-Lefi'ees would sustain, in case a Renewal should not be obtained; and looking forward to the Efleft upon the general Improvement of the Estate of the Crown, which the Precedent now to be established will be likely to produce, I confess I am humbly of Opinion, that, in the Part of the Estate comprized in this last Division, the Sub-Tenants have a stronger Claim than the immediate Lessee of the Crown to new Leases, for such Terms and on such Conditions, as may give them an adequate Enjoyment of their Improvements, in return for the Money expended on the Prg-perty of the Crown.

I have thought it necessary to lay this preliminary Report before your Lordships, in which I have considered the Claims of he Lessees of the Crown and their Sub-Tenants, and brought them into view at the same Time; and if your Lordships shall signify your Approbation of the Opinions I have given, I shall then make a separate Report on each Reference, and submit to your Lordships' Consideration the Terms and Conditions on which Leases may be granted to Sir John Smith Burges and Mr. Drummond Smith, and to the other Parties before named.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

Fordycc,

19th January 1795. Surv' Gen.

N 15. (B.)

Sir,

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury your Report, dated 19th January 1795, on a Memorial of Sir John Smith Burges, Baronet, and Drummond Smith, Esquire, praying their Lordships to grant them a new Lease or Leatcs of a Parcel of Ground, with the Houses and other Buildings thereon, situated at Hyde Park Corner, wherein you state the Particulars of the original Grant of the Ground in question, with the several Transactions subsequent to such Grant, observing, that in consequence thereof the Property appears to be divided into Four Parts, in each of which different Parties are interested; also your Report dated the 16th 1795, on a further application of Sir John Smith Burges and Mr. Drummond Smith; I am commanded by their Lordships to acquaint you, they agree that the Leases shall be granted conformably to your Opinion,

3 K and

Consideration due to the Claims of the Sub-Tenants,

Coacjufion.

Tenant Rig] or Claim of Renewal.

Cafe of Lee and Vernon, 1776.

218 ii° Januarii. A.-1798.

and direct you to report upon the Applications of the several Parties accordingly.

I am,

Sir,

Your most humble Servant, Treasury Chambers, Charles Long.

18th August 1796. v

John Fordyce, Esquire,

SurvT Gen‘ Land Revenue.

N 16. (A.)

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

The Memorial of John , Esquire,

Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue.

My Lords,

In order to accompli lb the Object of the Legislature in passing the late Act of Parliament for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, it is extremely desirable that some general Principles should now be established by which the Proceedings on such Business as your Lordships may be pleased to refer to my Consideration may be regulated.

With this View I shall take the Liberty to submit to your Lordships' Attention some Points on which I am anxious to receive your Instructions; and shall, with great Deference, suggest what has occurred to my own Mind, which may pollibly tend to save your Time in judging of them.

The Circumstance which naturally comes first to be considered, and which mult occur in every same where Application is made for a grant of any Part of the Estate of the Crown already in Lease, is the Degree of Weight which ought to be given to what is called the Tenant-Right, or Claim of Renewal. Finding that this Subject had come under legal Difcullion in the House of Lords, in a Question concerning a Lease from the Crown, I have attentively perused the Cafes on both Sides, in which it is argued and admitted that the Tenant has no legal Claim, nor any certain or even contingent Right or Interest beyond the subsisting Term of his Lease, but only a Chance or Right to expect a Favour: It becomes material, therefore, to consider on what that Right is founded, and what are the Circumstances which ought to be kept in view in judging of this Claim, on Applications for the Renewal of Crown Leases.

In almost every Lease there are Covenants for the Care and Preservation, if not for the Improvement, of the Property j and if any Lease has been granted without such Covenants, it must be understood that a Confidence has been placed by the Proprietor in the Lessee, that he would preserve it: It is, therefore, the Duty of the Lessee to perform those Covenants, or not to abuse that Confidence.

If the Lessee has fulfilled that Duty, he certainly has a Right to-expect a Preference over others on the granting of a new Lease; but if, instead of improving, or even preserving the Property, he has injured it, or suffered others to injure it, as it cannot be said that a Person should be rewarded for having broken his Covenants, committed Waste, or ifcufed his Trust, I should humbly conceive that the Right to expect the Favour of,a Renewal is loft.

This is not only just between the Parties, but is also for the Advantage of the Property, as it rewards Care, and encourages Improvement.

But though this general Rule should be kept in view on every Application for the Renewal of a Lease, and the actual State of the Property, and the Observ-

ance or Neglect of the Covenants in the Lease, should, perhaps, be noticed in every Report from this Office on such Applications, yet there must be many Cafes which require more particular Consideration; Cafes in which this Rule alone cannot be a sufficient Guide, and in some of which, from the just and liberal Conduct of Government, somewhat more than a mere Preference over other Offerers may be expected:

For Exam,

1 ft, Where the Lessee of the Crown has entered into Engagements to Sub-Tenants which extend beyond the Term of his Lease, or the Powers vested in him, but to which he may have, in some Degree, been led by the System of Management which has been long continued.

2dly, Where Houses have been built, or great Sum expended, by the Lessee, in expectation of a Renewal, at a Time when no adequate Term remained of the existing Lease, and where the Interest of the Tenant of the Crown in the Houses so built or repaired has, in some Instances, been transferred to Purchasers.

3dly, Where the Lessee of the Crown has fub-let to several Tenants, whole Conduct has been different, some having improved, others merely preserved, and others wasted the Property they occupied.

In many of the Cafes now before me, under Reference from your Lordships, there is a Mixture of the Circumstances which have been described: it does not therefore seem necessary or ul'eful to divide any Observations which have occurred to me into the same Number of Heads; and I submit, with great Deference, to your Lordships, whether, in Cafes where a Lessee has, for a profitable Consideration to himself, and without the Knowledge or Authority of the Crown, come under Engagements or Covenants to be fulfilled after the Expiration of an existing Lease, it may not be consistent with the Liberality which ought to prevail in the Management of the Estate of the Crown, that the Lessee should be so far enabled to fulfil the Covenants, as not to incur Penalties., and should be allowed to retain the Share of the Advantages which fairly belonged to the Term of his Lcale, but without admitting any Right to claim more; that where Houses have been built or repaired, or Improvements made, in Expectation of a Renewal, at a Time when no adequate Term of the Lease remained, it may be reasonable now , to add such a Number of Years to the existing Lease, as will make up the Term which the Surveyors, to be employed in pursuance of the Provisions of the late Act of Parliament, shall be of Opinion, after taking into Consideration the Nature and Quality of the Building, or the Extent and Value of the Repairs or Improvements, ought to have been granted at the Time of building, repairing, or improving the Premisses, if the Circumstances of the same had then been stated to your Lordships, and the Law had allowed of the same Extent of Term as may now be granted; that where a Re-building has taken place, the Rent should oe equal to the present Value of the Ground for building, with some Addition for the old Materials which were then upon it, and which were the Property of the Crown j and that, where the Improvement has consisted in Repairs of an expensive Kind, the Rent should be such as the Surveyor shall, upon Oath, certify the Premisses to have been worth on a Repairing Lease for a Term of Years suitable to the Condition of the Buildings, and the Nature and Extent of the Repairs.

This Rule, it is apprehended, cannot be deemed injurious to any of the Parties: the Lessee will not fuf-

fer

Rate of Advantage to be allowed the Tenants of the Crown over those of private Proprietors *

38 Geo. III.

11

Januarii.

219

fer from having been milled by the former System of Management, but will receive all the Advantage which would have been allowed to him under the new System, or if he had applied for a Grant before erecting the new Buildings, or carrying on the Repairs or Improvements. The Purchaser from the Lessee can have acquired no Right which the Lessee himself was not pof-leffed of, and can, therefore, have no separate Ground of Claim; and the Grown will, at the End of the Term of the Lease, during which the Money was expended, receive back the Property with the same Advantages only as if no such Improvements had taken place.

In the Third same described, namely, where a Lessee having fub-let to several Tenants, some of them have improved, and others injured, the Property intrusted to them, more could not certainly be expected by the Lessee of the Crown, than that he should be understood to have preferred his Claim of Preference of Renewal to that Part of the Estate let to him which has been preserved or improved; for, being responsible by his Lease for the Whole, it was equally incumbent on him to protect every Part front being injured, by those to whom it was fub-let by him for his own Advantage; and the Tendency of this Rule will be to excite more Attention in the Lessees henceforward to the Protection and Improvement of the Estates granted to them.

The Subject which I shall next submit to the Consideration of your Lordships, and on which I request to have your Instruction, is, in what Manner, or by what general Rule or Rate, in proportion to the Value which may be put, by Surveyors acting on Oath, upon the Estates of different Kinds belonging to the Crown, the Net Rent to be paid by the Lessees shall be ascertained; and whether the Rate, in proportion to the Value, shall be the same on each Kind of Property, namely;

1 ft. On Houses.

2dly, On Land Estates at a Distance from the Metropolis.

3dly, On Building Ground.

By the Act lately passed it is provided, that, before granting any Lease or Renewal of a Lease, " a Survey " shall be made by Surveyors acting on Oath, and an " Estimate of the true and fair improved Annual Worth " or Value of the respective Estates so by them surveyed and valued, dear of all Taxes, Assessments, " and Reprizes whatever."

This Rule would serve to ascertain the Value at which such Estates should be let, if they were private Property; but, for various Reasons, it may, perhaps, be deemed advisable by your Lordships, that the Rents of the Estates of the Crown should be somewhat lower than would be demanded for similar Estates by Individuals. '

Under the System of Management which has long prevailed, Leases from the Crown have been very beneficial; and the greater Part of the Value having been paid in Fines,# computed at a high Rate of Interest, the Rents have been very low in proportion to their Worth. To demand, under the new System, a Rent or Fine equal to the utmost Value, might, perhaps, be complained of as going from one Extreme to another.

It would seem to be desirable that the Rent, though near to the Value, should be so reasonable as that the obtaining a Crown Lease may still be reckoned a Favour; that Government may not, after a Lease has been granted, be disturbed with Applications for new Allowances or Deductions, or, if such Applications should be made, may deem it unnecessary to attend to them; that the regular Payment of Rent, and the Performance of Covenants, may be inforced, without any just Ground of Complaint; and that, notwithstanding that uniform Regularity, the King may still

Vol. S3 %

be reckoned a more desirable Landlord than a Subject attentive to the Management of his Property.

If experienced Surveyors, both of Land and of Buildings, shall take every Circumstance into view, and make proper Allowances when they fix the Net Rent, so as to to put the Lessees of Houses on an exactly equal Footing with the Lessees of Land, nd Reason can remain for making the Rates of Deduction different on those different Kinds of Property; but it is not easy to determine what Rate of Deduction from the Net Rent so ascertained by the Surveyors will answer all the Purposes which have been described without sacrificing too great a Part of the Value. It is with great Diffidence that I submit to your Lordships Consideration, whether the Deduction of One Eighth Part of the Net Rent of Land Estates, and Estates in Houses, would be sufficient.

It may, perhaps, be a Matter of some Doubt, whether the same Kind of Deduction from the Rent is necessary; or ought to be made, in Leases of Ground for building. As the Crown has a great Extent of Ground of this Description adjoining to the Metropolis, a general Deduction from the estimated Value, which will always be regulated by the current Price of Building Ground, may, perhaps, only have the Effect, when generally known, of obliging other Proprietors of Building Ground to make a similar Abatement, and consequently of lowering the current Value, by which Means the Object of obtaining a Preference from Builders, from the Circumstance of the Rent being lower, would be defeated; and as the Ground Rent forms but a small Part of the Value after the Buildings have been ere died, there is little Danger that such Rents will not be regularly paid.

Those who are entrusted with the Management of the Estate of the Crown, to which the Attention of Government is more particularly called, should, perhaps, endeavour to obtain a Preference to the Building Ground belonging to the Crown by other Means; by procuring from the most eminent Architects the best: Plans, in point of Beauty and Convenience, for the Extension of the Buildings oyer the Crown's Land; by the best Disposition of public Sewers, the best Mode of lighting the Streets, the most plentiful Supply of Water; by having Stations for Watchmen, Patroles, and Fire Engines, properly placed, so as to afford the rea-dieft Assistance, and the best Security to the Persons and Property of the Inhabitants; all which Advantages should be described on those Plans.

There are many other Circumstances concerning which it is desirable, for my Regulation, that I should have some general Idea of your Lordships' Opinion.

In several Parts of the Estate of the Crown in London, the Streets are narrow and inconvenient, and the Houses old and ruinous: By preventing some from being re-built, Openings may be made, which will add to the Accommodation of the Public, and, at the same Time, increase the Value of the Rest of the Area for new Buildings.

In all such Situations I would humbly propose that Leases should not be renewed till a Plan, to the Satisfaction of your Lordships, shall have been prepared of the new Streets or Openings which should be made in those Places, with a View to the Improvement of the Estate, and the Accommodation of the Public.

I think it proper also to state to your Lordships, that in the Management of the Crown's Estate, it has hitherto been the Practice, before granting the Renewal of a Lease of Houses, to employ a Surveyor to estimate the Value of the Premilfes in their actual State at the Time of taking the Survey. In doing this the Surveyor is presumed to take into his Consideration the Repairs or Re-building which may become necessary during the Term proposed to be granted; and the Lease has been always made out as soon as the Proposal has been agreed to by the Treasury; but the Work to be done has been

left

Opening of new Streets, and widening others.

v.

220

11° Janu.

J. 1798.

left entirely to the Discretion of the Lessee; and it has not been usual, in any Case, for the Surveyor of the Crown to attend to the Execution, to see that the Work is well and substantially done; nor is any Schedule an ✓nexed to the Lease, of Fixtures, Fastenings, or other particulars, which should be left on the Premisses when the Term expires.

In the Management of Private Estates, the Practice, in most Instances, is different: The Rind of Building to be erected, or the Nature and Extent of the Repairs agreed on, are previously stipulated by a Contract between the Parties; a Surveyor is employed by the Proprietor to attend to the Execution, and makes his Report when it is completed , the Lease is not granted till the Party is known to have properly fulfilled his Engagement, and a Plan of the Buildings, with a Schedule of Fixtures, are then annexed to the Lease.

There are Circumstances relating to the Crown's Estates, which would render this Rule of withholding the Lease difficult, or, perhaps, in some Cafes, impracticable.

But in all Cases, either a Contract may be executed, and the Completion of the Lease postponed till the Plan and Schedule can be annexed to it, or the new Lease may contain Covenants for allowing Plans and Schedules to be taken whenever the supposed Difficulties shall be removed.

Nereffltyof The Mischiefs which have arisen from the Loss of Office or the ans> Surveys, and other valuable Documents, former-SurveyorGe- ly in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Woods, acral. are very forcibly pointed out and explained in the Re-

ports of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue. In, this Office, the numerous and very valuable Collection of Books, Plans, Surveys, and other Documents, have been exposed to nearly the same Hazard, from the Want of some Place of Safety in which they might be permanently kept; and though, in this Office, the 1 greater Part have, fortunately, been preserved, yet, to

shew that many Losses, even here, have been sustained, I shall quote Part of a Memorial to the Treasury on this Subject, from a late Surveyor General, dated 19th June 1769:

" On examining the Schedule of Plans, Surveys, Books, and, other Records directed to be delivered to " me by your Lordships' Warrant of the 8th of June, " I find many Surveys, Rent Rolls, and Returns to " Commissions loft and missing. On Enquiry I am informed, that they were not delivered to my Predecessor, Mr. Herbert, by the Executrix of Lor " way, on which Account he never would sign the " Schedule; nor could they ever be recovered, though " the most diligent Enquiry was made after them, and ' " Advertisements published with considerable Rewards. " Many Instances of great Confusion and Difficulty " have arisen on the Deaths of Surveyors General, for " Want of a regular Office for the Custody of the Records, and the Lessees of the Crown to apply to; " and, not long since, a great Cause of Sir George Wynne's " was loft, solely by not being able to come at the " Books, then in Confusion, and the Custody of Executors, from whom they could not be obtained, even " by a special and peremptory Order from the Lords of " the Treasury.

" The very great Importance of them, both to the . ' Crown and the Subject, is sufficiently apparent, as " well as the Danger they are now liable to from Accidents (being deposited in Two or Three different " Places) particularly Fire, to which but a few Months . " ago they were exposed, by One happening Very near " them.

" I therefore, with great Deference, submit to your " Lordships' Consideration the Necessity there is for " some Place of Safety to be fixed on, where they may " be deposited, not to be removedAnd it appears _ to have been at different Times in the Contemplation

of the Treasury, that an Office for the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands should be built.

The Commissioners of the Land Revenue have re- J? Report commended, that, " in the Office for the Management " of the Estates of the Crown should be kept and arranged, npt only the Entries, Counterparts, and " Assignments of all Leases, but all Surveys and other " written Documents tending to shew the Rights of " the Crown in any of its Estates, or Copies of them,

" where any Objection arises to the Removal of the Originals from the Places where they are deposited.

" Distinct Calendars should be made of those Documents, and Registers of all Grants, containing any " Remainder or Limitation in favour of the Crown.

" The Writings relative to the Estates of the Crown " are, at present, dispersed through many different Offices of Record, and Repertories of public Papers,

" andvmuch of our Time has been taken up, and a con *

" siderable Expence incurred, in searching for them."

If it is your Lordships' Intention that what has thus been recommended should be carried into effect, the Necessity of an Office, in which all those Records and Documents may be safely deposited, must be rendered still more obvious.

Upon the whole I mull beg leave, with great De- Establishment ference, to represent to your Lordships, that if it be your Desire that, until the State of public Affairs shall necefciiy for give Time to consider whether Commissioners should be appointed for managing the whole landed Estates of the o/the Vifice. Crown, I should, in the mean Time, under your Authority, attempt to carry into effect the Plan of Management of the demifable Part of the Crown's Ellate, recommended in the Reports of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, and authorized by the late Act of Parliament, an Establishment of Officers, similar to what they supposed would be found necessary to enable a Board to execute the same Business, will be required for my Assistance.

Under the former System of Management, where Leases were renewed as often as the Lessees desired, with little Alteration in the Terms and Conditions of successive Leases, and without any View to the Improvement of the Estate; when Surveys were not always taken, and never upon Oath, as they are now required ta be; and when the Leases were granted without Schedules annexed, or even necessary Covenants inserted, leaving the Property almost wholly at the Discretion of the Occupier, it is obvious that the Execution could not be attended with very great Labour or Difficulty; but, if Surveys are to be made, and Means to be used in all Cases to obtain the fulled Information of the State and Value of the Property; if, for Estates in,

Houses, Contrafts are to be made first, and Leases granted afterwards, with Schedules annexed to them; and if, for Land Estates, Covenants are to be inserted for their Improvement, and Care is to be taken that the Engagements of the Lessees shall be fulfilled; and if complete Registers are to be kept, both of the Property and the Documents concerning it, in the Manner which has been proposed, there mull obvioully, be a great deal of Business to be done in this Office, and uniform Attention bellowed. The Number of Officers which, I apprehend, must be required for the Business described, and for the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, cannot be less than,

A Secretary, or Deputy, to the Surveyor General.

A Register of the Crown Lands; and,

Four Clerks; besides,

A Porter or Messenger, and an Office Keeper.

I would, therefore, humbly propose,.that such of the Officers employed under the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, as have, by the Authority of your Lordships, been continued since the Expiration of their Commission, and employed in this Office, should receive the

Salaries

1

38 Geo. III.

Ii° Januariu

22T

Salaries allowed to them to 'Midsummer last; and that the Appointments now proposed should, from that Time, take place, of the same Persons, for the Execution of the Business of this Office, allowing such Salaries to them as your Lordships shall be pleased to appoint: And if your Lordships should think proper to direct, that an Office should be built for the safe Custody of the Books and Papers already in the Office, and those to be compiled, and for carrying on the future Business of the Land Revenue, I submit to your Lordships whether such a Building may not be properly erected on the Scite of the House in Scotland Yard, where the Business is, at present, carried on, and which is now in a ruinous Condition, and cannot have been intended for any particular Use, having been one of those intended for Sale by a late Act of Parliament, which has been since repealed. The Situation of that Building for the Purpose proposed' is preferable to any other, as well on Account of its Vicinity to the Treasury, and the Offices of the Auditors, with which this Office has a constant Intercourse, as from its being also very near to the most valuable Part of the Crown's Estate, and very central and convenient for the Resort of those who have Business there; and besides these Advantages, and the very important one of Security for the Documents and Evidences of the Crown's Rights, it will occasion a Saving of the Rent hitherto paid for a private House for the Office, which, with the Taxes and other incidental Expences, are upwards of £.130 per Annum.

All which is submitted, with great Deference, to your Lordships' Wisdom.

John Fordyce.

Surv' Gen1.

Avguft5th, 1794.

N 16. (B.)

Sir,

I am commanded by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to transmit- you Copy of their Lordships Minute of 4th Instant, on taking into Gonfi-deration your Memorial of 5th last, on Regulations to be established In regard to the Renewal of Leases, &c. in consequence of an Act of the last Session of Parliament for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and to direct you to govern yourself accordingly.

1 am.

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Charles Long.

Treasury Chambers,

5th November 1794.

John Fordyce, Esqj

Surveyor General land Revenue.

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 4th November 1794.

Present,

Mr. Pitt,

The Earl of Mornington,

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Townshend.

Read Memorial of John Fordyce, Esquire, Surveyor General of Crown Lands, dated the 5th August last, relative to the general Principles to be established for regulating the Proceedings in his Department, with respect to the granting of Leases of the Lands and Estates ,of the Crown, under the Authority of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, wherein the Surveyor General requests the Directions of this Board on the several Points therein mentioned, and submits Vql. 53.

his Observations upon the Subject to the Consideration of their Lordships.

Read the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for< the better Management of the Land Revenue of the' Crown.

My Lords are of opinion, that the Lessee of the Crown should have, in all Cases, a Preference over others in granting a new Lease; that no Retrofpedl should be had whether he has improved the Property or injured it; but that all Lessees of the Crown should be informed, in future, that the Preference to Renewal will be forfeited on their Part, if the Property is not' preserved, or if it is injured. When more than a mere Preference over other Offers is proposed, a special Report upon the Cafe, from the Surveyor General, will be expected. 1

The Lessee of the Crown will not be enabled to fulfil Engagements he may have entered into with his Sub-Tenants beyond his existing Term, unless upon the same Conditions, and at the same Rate, as would now be required under the Act j for the additional Term, if no such Engagements had been entered into. Where Hc\uses have been built, or Improvements made, in Ex- . pedtation of a Renewal, at a Time when no adequate Term of the Lease remained, my Lords are of opinion, ‘ that a certain Number of Years should b6 added to such Lease, but reserving the same Rent fot' the additional Term as would have been required, previous to the building, if the Regulations of the Act of last Session had then been in force, my Lords being of opinion, that, they cannot give up so much of the Crown Estate as they would relinquish in agreeing to more favourable Terms of Renewal in this Cafe.

My Lords agree with the Surveyor General, that the Crown should be considered as a more desirable Landlord than a private Individual; but they are of Opinion that the Dedudiori of One Twentieth of the Net Rent, ascertained by the Surveyors, in the Manner prescribed by the Act of the last Session of Parliament, will be sufficient; and they agree with the Surveyor General, that no Deduction should be made in Leases of Ground for building.

My Lords coincide perfectly in Opinion with the Surveyor General, that eminent Architects should be desired to' offer Plans for the general Improvement of the Buildings on the Crown Estate j and that no Lease . should be renewed which is inconsistent with the general Improvement. If, in adopting this Rule, any Cafes of Hardship arise, they must be determined according to their respective Merits, on Application for Relief being made to this Board.

My Lords approve of the Mode being adopted with " respect to the Crown Estate, in granting Building Leases, which is stated by the Surveyor General to be adopted in the Management of private Estates; but where this is not practicable, the new Lease should contain Covenants for allowing Plans and Schedules to be taken, whenever any Difficulties which prevented it at the Time of making the Lease may be removed.

My Lords approve of building an Office for the Surveyor General, and of the Establishment of Clerks and Assistants proposed; and are of opinion that a Building for the Purpose may be properly erected on the Spot luggefted by the Surveyor General, for which they will give Orders for an Estimate to be prepared.

Transmit a Copy of this Minute to the Surveyor General, and direct him to govern himself accordingly.

Direct the Officers of Works to consult with the Surveyor General respecting the building a new Office, and to transmit an Estimate of the Expence thereof fox the Information of their Lordships.

3L

221

11° Januari

A1 1798.

N 17. (A.)

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

The Memorial of John , Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue.

My Lords,

Your Lordships having been pleased, by your Minute of the 4th Instant, transmitted to me in Mr.

Long's Letter of the 5th, to approve of the Establish-njent of Clerks and Assistants proposed by my Memorial of the 5th of August last, for transacting the Bu-liness of this Department, namely,

' A Secretary, or Deputy, to the Surveyor General.

A Register of the Crown Lands.

Four Clerks.

A Porter or Messenger, and

An Office Keeper:

It remains for me to request that your Lordships will be pleased to appoint such Salaries to each as you shall 'think proper to allow.

At the same Time I beg leave, with the greatest Deference, to offer my Opinion of the Salary, which it nay be reasonable to annex to each Appointment.

Clear Annual Salary.

To the Secretary, or Deputy, to the Surveyor

General - -- -- - £.500

the Register of the Crown Lands - - 400

the First Clerk - ---- -- - 200

the Second D - -- -- - 150

the Third D° - -- -- - 120

the Fourth D° ----- -- - 100

the Messenger, ----- --- 40

the Office Keeper - -- - - 30

And as your Lordships have also been pleased to approve of the Recommendation, that stich of the Persons employed under the Commissioners of the Land Revenue as have been continued, by your Lordships Authority, since the Expiration of their Commission, and employed in this Office, should continue to be employed in this Department, I humbly request that your Lordships will be pleased to give Directions for issuing a Sum for the Payment of the Salaries from Midsummer last (at which Period it was proposed that the Salaries allowed during their Employment under the Commissioners of the Land Revenue should cease) to Michaelmas last, amounting, if your Lordships shall be pleased to approve of the Salaries before-mentioned, to .385.

I have farther to represent to your Lordships, that the Surveyors employed in taking the general Plan of the Houses and Building Ground in London and Westminster belonging to the Crown, in pursuance of your Lordships Orders, communicated to me by Mr. Long's Letter of the 20th of July 1793, being considerably in' disburse for the Payment of Assistants, and otherwise, in relation to that Business, they have solicited the Payment of a Sum of Money upon that Account; and further Expence being Daily incurred in the Pro-grel's of it, I humbly request that your Lordships will be pleased to order a Sum of Five Hundred Pounds to be issued to me out of the Land Revenue, upon Account of the said Survey, to be paid to the Surveyors in such Proportions as shall from Time to Time appear to me to be necessary; and also Three Hundred and Eighty-five Pounds, or such other Sum as your Lordships shall judge proper, for the Payment of the Quarter's Establishment as before-mentioned. The Sum which I have requested for the Payment of the Surveyors will not be sufficient for defraying the whole Expence of taking the Plan} but when the Work is 6

completed, I shall lay before your Lordships a State of the Charge attending it, and of the Application of such Sums as your Lordships shall be pleased to direct to be issued upon account of it.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

John,

13th November 1794. Surv' Gen1.

N 17. (B.)

Sir,

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury having had under their Consideration your Memorials of the 3th of August and 13th of November last, I am commanded by their Lordships to acquant you, that they have been, pleased to approve the Establishment and Salaries of Clerks and Assistants, submitted by you in the said Memorials, for transacting the Business of the Office of Surveyor General of the Land Revenue, amounting to the Annual Sum of £. 1,540 — the same to commence from Midsummer 1794, and to be paid Half Yearly, as the same may become due. My Lords, therefore, direct you, immediately after the 5th Day of January next, to transmit to this Board a List of the Persons who have been employed in the Situations described in your said Memorials, between Midsummer last and the 5th of January next, with the Sums due to each of them; and also to transmit, from Time to Time, Half Yearly Accounts of the Salaries as they become due (together with Receipts of the Parties in the preceding Half Year) in order that my Lords may give Orders for the Payment of such Sums as may be due thereon: And I am further commanded by their Lordships to acquaint you, that they have given Directions for a Warrant to be prepared to authorize Mr. Johnes, Auditor of , to make forth a Debenture, to charge the Receiver of South Wales with the Payment of £.500 to you, to enable you to pay the Surveyors you have employed, in consequence of Orders from this Board, such Proportions of their Demands as shall from Time to Time appear to you to be necessary} for the Expenditure of which you will be required to render an Account before the said Auditor.

I am. Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Charles Long.

Treasury Chambers, x5th December 1794.

John Fordyce, Esquire,

Surv' Gen1 Csown Lands.

N 18. (A.)

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of 'His Majesty's Treasury.

My Lords,

Before the passing the late Act of Parliament for the Improvement and better Management of the Land Revenue, of the Crown, the Mode of paying the Surveyors employed in this Department was, generally, to include the Charge for the Survey among the Expences of the Lease, and to deduct the Amount of both from, the Fine. This Mode of Payment was not inconsistent with the System which was then pursued: The Leases were renewed as they had been originally granted, with little Alteration, except in the Rent or Fine; and the Rule naturally, and very properly, followed, was, that each particular Estate should be charged with the Expences incident to it: Nor does there now seem any Reason for departing from that Rule in the Mode of paying for Surveys of any of the Estates of the Crown, which are not situated in the Metropolis, and which, lying dispersed and at a Distance from one another, the Effect of the Expence laid out on any one Estate cannot be of advantage to another, nor could any very

considerable

38 Geo III. 11° Januarii. 223

considerable Portion of them be conveniently inspected by One Surveyor.

But the raofl: valuable Part of the Crown's Estate consists of Houses and Building Ground in and near London; and many Plans are projected, and some have already been agreed to by your Lord ships, for opening new Streets, or widening others, making Sewers, removing Markets, and other Alterations, by which, though the whole District adjoining will probably be very much improved, each Lease cannot be charged with its just Proportion of the Expence inairred.

Be'fides the Business of making Surveys preparatory to the granting of new Leases, the Care and Attention which lo valuable a Property requires furnish various Occafidns for employing Surveyors after Leases are granted, to see that Houses are re-built or repaired in a substantial Manner, and that Covenants are duly performed. There are also frequent Occasions of con-fulting Surveyors on the laying out of Ground for building; and by continuing to employ the same Persons, they become more completely informed of all Circumstances respecting the Estate, and better able to suggest useful Advice to those entrusted with the Management.'

These Circumstances seem to render it advisable and necessary to have One or more Surveyors of Houses constantly engaged. I have hitherto employed Two, namely, Mr. John Marquand,.who has for a great Length of Time been in the Service or this' Office, and - Mr. Thomas Levbrton; and I would humbly recommend to your Lord ships, that in' this very important Part of the Bufiiiefs of this Department, there should always be Two Surveyors employed, so as to form a Check on each other.

I have endeavoured to learn in what Manner the Surveyors employed «by the Corporation of,

and other Proprietors of large Estates, are paid; and I am informed, that, in some Instances, the Payment is partly by a Salary, partly by a Poundage or Commission on Monies expended, and partly by Bills of Charges for making Surveys, Plans, and Designs, fu-perintending Repairs or Re-buildings, and attending the Committees or Persons entrusted with the chief Management; and that fonie are paid by the Proprietors, and others by the Tenants.

It is obvious that, whatever the Mode of Payment may be, the Expence mull fall ultimately on the Proprietor. It is, perhaps, mtore likely that the Surveyor will Interest himself in his Service when paid directly by him, and become a more attentive Check on the Tenant, than when he is to receive his Payment from the latter; and, after an attentive Consideration of the Subject, the following Arrangement appears to me the most eligible tq be adopted in paying the Surveyors employed upon this Part of the Crown's Estate:

id. That' the Charge for Surveys and'Valuations' made previously1 to the granting of Leases should still be considered as Part of the Expence Of the Lease, and be paid by the Lef-lees, and an adequate Abatement made from the Fine and Rent on that Account; and that this Charge should be proportioned to the Number and Value of the Houses contained in each Survey, according to a Rate or Table of Charges previously established by the Surveyor General, and no other Payment whatever be received by the Surveyors from the Tenants:

adly. That in lieu of a Poundage or Commission Tor surveying new Buildings or Repairs, and of Bills of Charges for their Attendance, when required, to be consulted by the Surveyor General on any Subject connected with their Appointment, they should be allowed a mo derate Salary; which should also be considered

Vol. 53.

as a Compensation for their Trouble in giving their Opinion on any Subject referred to them, accompanied, if necessary, with Sketches ' or Ground Plans for the better explaining the Idea suggested in their Reports on such Occasions, as also for the periodical or occasional Inspection of Houses, to see the State of the Repairs, and for taking Inventories, where it may be judged necessary, and be directed by the Surveyor General; and that this Salary should be One Hundred Pounds per Annum to each of the Surveyors: And,

3dly. That for taking Plans of any Part of these Estates; other than upon the granting of " Leases, and for making Designs for Improve-;

ments thereon, accompanied with Plans and Elevations, or particular Estimates, under a special Order from your Lordships, or the Surveyor General, they should be paid a moderate and reasonable Recompence, upon a Bill of Charges to be delivered to the Sur veyor General, and submitted to your Lordships, previously to the Payment thereof.

I have proposed this Arrangement to Messieurs -qiiand and Leverton, subject to your Lordships Ap-

probation, and upon this Condition, that if, after a reasonable Trial, their Emoluments should be found either to exceed or to fall short of what may be deemed a suitable Recompence for their Trouble, it shall be subject so any Alteration that your Lordships may think proper; and if your Lordships shall be pleased to approve it on that Condition, I would humbly propose that Messieurs Marquand and Leverton should be paid one Year's Salary, commencing from the 5th of July 1794 (their Employment before that Time having been chiefly confined to the taking of the general Plan of the Crown's Estate in London and Westminster, directed by special Order from your Lordships) and that the future Payments may be continued Half Yearly; with the other Part of the Establishment, until your Lordships may think fit to make any Alteration therein.

All'which is humbly submitted so your Lordships.

John Fordyce,

8th August 1795. Surv' Gen;

N° 18. (B.)

Sir,

Having laid before the Lords Commissioners of HU' Majesty's Treasury your Memorial, submitting to the Consideration of the Board an Arrangement respecting the Mode of paying the Surveyors employed upon the Crown's Estate in and near , in which, among

those Regulations, it is proposed to allow Two Surveyors Salaries of £. 100 per Annum each, and, if their Lordships shall be pleased to approve thereof, propos ing that Messieurs Marquand and Leverton, the Surveyors employed by you, should be paid One Year's Salary, commencing from the 5th of July 1794, and that the future Payments may be continued Half Yearly, with the other Part of the Establishment of your Departments, until their. Lord ships may think fit to make any Alteration therein, I am commanded b/ their Lordships to inform you, that they approve thereof, and to desire you will take the necessary Steps fo$ carrying the same into Effect.

I am, Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

Charles Long.

Treasury Chambers,

24th August 1795.

John Fordyce, Esquire.

224

ii ° Januarii.

A. 1798.

N# 19.

STATE of the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments, of the several, Persons employed in the Office of the , Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, at Michaelmas 1797.

Deputy to the Surveyor General Register of the Crown Lands First Clerk - -

Second Clerk - .

Third. Clerk - -

Fourth Clerk Messenger -

Offic Keeper -

From the Public. From Individual.

£. . d. £. s. d.

500 21 1 5

400 9 9 5

200 4 14 8

150 3 11 —

120 2 16 9

IOO 7 5

40 -

3°

1,540 43 9 8

Totals.

£. s.

5 1 5

409 9 5 204 14 8

153 11 — 122 16 9

102 7 $

40 ——

30 ——

i»583 9

Note. The above Establishment of Officers and Salaries commenced at Midsummer 1794. The Fees and Emoluments received from Individuals are computed, on an Average, from that Period to Michaelmas 1797, and arise as follows; viz.

Fees on Sales of Fee Farm Rents, which are the same as were settled by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, and are divided among the Deputy, the Register, and Clerks, in proportion to their respective Salaries.

Besides his Share of those Fees, the Deputy receives for every Search in the Office, for the Use of Individuals, 6j. 8 .; for attested Copies of any Office Papers is. per Sheet; and for passing Crown Leases through the several Offices (when employed for that Purpose) £. 10. 10s. for each Lease. The Average which has arisen on the Whole is as above stated.

1

N® 20.

1 ,

STATE of the $aliry. Fees, and Emoluments of John Fordyce, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue,'from the Time of his Appointment, by Patent dated ift June 1793,10 the ioth of October 1797.

r From the From

\ % Public. Indvidaals.

; s. d. £. s. d. £. s. \

The Surveyor General's Patent Yearly Fee, or Salary, paid at the 7 Exchequer - J 00 A Yearly Allowance expressed to be " for his extraordinary Service, 1 " Travelling Charges, and all other Expences incident to the > 200 " Execution of his Office," also paid at the Exchequer - - - J — 1,000

Deduction for Fees and Taxes - - - - - 193 6 — *

A House and Ground at Windsor, producing a Net Annual Rent of - - - 806 14 — 60 3 4 *

866 17 4

Net Annual Amount of Office Fees on an Average, from ift June 1793 to ioth October 1797,? 128 2 —

deducing the Fees and Expences paid on the Surveyor General's Appointment 1 -

Amount received from Individuals - - 128 2 —

D® - - - - from the Public - - - r 866 17 4

Net Average Yearly Amount, from 1793 to 1797 - - 994 19 4

Note, Before the passing of the Act for the Regulation of the Civil List in 1783s the Deductions on the Surveyor General' Salary, Ac. were £ 191. 12/. and the Net Produce 808. 8/. at lUted in the following Article.

n

38 Geo. III. 110 Januarii. 225,

N 21. '

EXTR AC T of an Account Na 24, in the Appendix to the Twelfth Report of the Commissioners of the

Land Revenue, intituled,

"An ACCOUNT of the several Appointments in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and of the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments received from the Public, or Indivi-« duals, by the Surveyor General, and the Clerks and Officers in his Department j and also of all " Incidental Charges paid by the Crown relative to the said Office."

______________ ....

APPOINTMENTS.

The Office of Surveyor General has been usually granted by Letters Patent, during Pleasure.

The Surveyor General appoints such Clerks and Assistants as he thinks necessary; and their Appointments re held during his Pleasure. — The ordinary Establishment of the Office consists of:

The Surveyor General..... now vacant.

A Deputy, or Principal Clerk - -

And one other Clerk William Hollijler.

Since the Death of the late Surveyor General, in January 1791, the Lords of the Treasury have appointed Mr. Harrison to transact the Business of the Office during the Vacancy.

SALARIES, FEES, and EMOLUMENTS of the SURVEYOR GENERAL.

.0

3

0

5 y 2 <

T3

C

rHis Patent Fee or Salary ——

A Yearly Allowance , expressed to be " for his extraordinary " Service, Travelling Charges, and all other Expences " incident to the Execution of his Office" - -

N. B. The above Sums are paid at the Exchequer.

A Yearly Allowance to the Surveyor General, to be paid to his Clerks, expressed to be " for their additional Trouble, " by Reason of the Abolition of the late Office of Register of the CroWn Lands, and annexing the same to " the Office of the Surveyor General," paid out of the Land Revenue ——

<A House and Ground at Winds now let for -

Fees for Proceedings on Crown Leases; viz.

For the Surveyor General's Report on a Petition or Memo rial, referred from the Treasury- - - - 5 —

For making out a Constat for a Lease - - 2 2 -

For rating a Constat or Particular - - - 5 5 —

For entering a Docquet of a Lease - - - 1 1 -

N. B. When Two or more Estates are comprized in one Lease, and granted for different Terms, or under separate Rents, double Fees, or more, are charged for the Proceedings for such Leases.

For entering a Docquet of an Alignment of a Lease ——

For a Warrant for felling Timber for Repairs -

Average Yearly Amount of those Fees for Twenty Years.....- -

Grofi Sams.

1

£. s. d. 800 — —

200 ——

too

65 II —

1,165 XI

574 18 10

1,740 9 10

Deductions

for

Fees and Taxes.

£. s. d.

191 12 —

to 9-

7

207 8 8

Net Sams received.

£. s. d, 808 8 —

89 it —

60 3 4

958 2 4

574 18 to

207 8 8

»533

Note. The Office of Register of the Crown Lands was many Years held by Zachary Chambers, Esquire, successively Deputy to several Surveyors General, but ceased at his Death. The Salary first annexed to it was £. >40 per Annum, and was afterwards increased to £. a60,

VOL. 53.

3m

SALARIES,

226

11® Januarii.

A. 1798.

SALARIES, FEES, and EMOLUMENTS, of the CLERKS in the said OFFICE.

The Deputy or Principal Clerk.

Of the Allowance of if. 89. 11 s.before Hated, £.40 was appointed by the Surveyor Gehetal V for the Salary of the Junior Clerk, and the Remainder as Part of the Payment to the Prin- > cipal Clerk- - - - . - - - - J

A farther Salary received from the late Surveyor General -

Fees for passingi Crown Leases through the feverdl Offices, £. 10. 1 or, for each Lease. The 7 Average Yearly Amount - - 1

For every Search in the Office, 6r. 8<f. and for Copies, per Sheet. The Average Yearly 7 Amount not exceeding - - - 3

Apartments in the Office, with Part of the Coals and Candles, and the Advantage of appoint- 7 ing his Servant as the Office Keeper, worth together about - - - -3

V _ .

The Junior Clerk.

Tbd Salary appointed by the Surveyor General as above mentioned To which Mr. Harrison has for several Years made an Addition of *

- - £-4° ——

- - 4° ——

Surveyor General's Office, April ioth, 1792.

This is a true Account

£ d. 49 11 —

200 ——

35 3 9

5 ——

9° ——

479 H 9

£.80 :----

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N® 22.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Coirtmissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

The Memorial of Peter Burrell, Esquire, Sur- veyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue.

My Lords,

On examining the Schedule of Plans, Surveys, Books and other Records, directed to be delivered to me by your Lordships Warrant of the 8th of I, find

many Surveys, Rent Rolls, and Returns to Commissions, loft and missing. On Enquiry I am informed that they were not delivered to my Predecessor, Mr. Herbert by the Executrix of Lord Gallway, on which Account he never would sign tlfe Schedule, nor could they ever be recovered, though the most diligent En-. quiry was made after them, and AdVertisements pub-llshed with considerable Rewards. Many Instances of great Confusion and Difficulty have arisert 'on the Death j of Surveyors General, for Want of a regular Office for the Custody of the Records, and the Lessees of the Crown to apply to; and, not long finCei, a great' Cause of Sir George Wynne's, was loft, solely by not being able to come at the Books, then in Confusion, and the Custody of Bxecutors, from whom they could not be obtained, even by a' special and peremptory Order from the Lords of the Treasury.

The very great Importance of them, both to the Crown and the Subject, is sufficiently apparent, as well as the Danger they are now liablfe to from Accidents (being deposited in Two or Three different Places) particularly Fire, to which but a few Months ago they were exposed by one happening very near them. I, therefore, with great Deference, submit to your Lord ships Consideration_the ..Necessity.-there is for some Place of Safety to be fixed on, where they may be deposited, not to be removed. _

I find that an Office was intended to be settled a few Years ago, and a Piece of Ground, now vacant, reserved for this Purpose, the Lords of the Treasury having it under contemplation; but it was probably dropt on Account of their Attention being taken up by more pressing Affairs, War breaking out at that Time.

7

If your Lordships should think proper-to carry such a Plan now into Execution, and apply some Part of the Fines to that Purpose, there cannot be a more ednve-nient Opportunity, as many Applications are now before your Lordships for Renewals.

But if your Lordships should not think proper, I feel so great Anxiety for such a Charge committed to my Care, that I will beg leave to petition for a Piece of Ground to build ohe, with a Clause of Resumption in the Power of the Crown.

All which is submitted, with great Respect, to your Lordships Wisdom.

Peter Bun ell,

June 19th, 1769. Survr Qen1.

N® 23.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury,

My Lords,

I received your Lordships Commands by Mr. s Letter of the 23d of February last, transmitting to me the Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General upon die Doubts stated in my Memorial of the 5th of November preceding, to have arisen, in certain Instances, upon some of the Clauses in the Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown; and directing me to report my Opinion what Alterations in the said Act it may be advisable to submit to the Consideration of Parliament.

According to the Construction which the Attorney and Solicitor General have put on the Clauses of the Act referred to their Consideration, it appears that if a: subsisting Lease comprizes more than One House, and an Application is made for A Renewal, in Consideration of a Contraft to re-byild One or more of those Houses, or to erect new Buildings on any Part of the Ground comprized in such Lease, a new Lease cannot be granted, while more than 20 Years of the subsisting Lease remain unexpired, of any other of the Houses than such as are contracted to be re-built, nor of any other Part of the Ground than that on which new Buildings are to be erected.

The Inconvenience and Embarrafiment arising from.

38 Geo. III. 11° Januarii. 227

such a Restriction, from the Tendency it has to occasion Rent or Fine, should be regulated, as nearly as possible, the multiplying of Leases, and the splitting and divid- according to the Principles on which the former Act ing of Estates let to the same Tenants, would be very was framed, that is to lay:

great, even in the Management of private Property, That for Houses which are substantial, or which do but are much greater in that of the Land Revenue of hot require, or are not intended to be re-built, th e the Crown, on Account of the Expence of Fees for Rent should be not less than Two Third Parts of the Crown Leases, which are in every Instance a Charge on Net Annual Value; and that a Fine should be paid for the Property, and occasion a Diminution of the Rent the remaining Part, not to be computed at a higher or Fine to be paid to the Crown; and the Attorney __ Rate than the highest legal Interest at the Time of and Solicitor General have very'justly observed, " that granting the Lease.

* great Inconvenience may ante, both to the Lessees of For Ground on which new Houses are to be erected, " the Crown, and to the Public, if the Restriction is and for old and ruinous Houses meant to be re-built, " left to operate in its full Extent, without any Excep- such Rent should be reserved as shall be deemed a reation except that which is contained in the 7th Sec- sonable Consideration for the fame, without taking any " tion of the Act, according to their Construdtiort of Fine.

" that Exception; that therefore it may be advisable But for Houses or other Buildings which shall be " to apply to the Legislature fol some Relaxation in certified by Surveyors not to require re-building, and " specified Cafes; and that perhaps it will be found which shall be of greater Yearly Value than the Ground " necessary to extend the Relaxation to Cafes which on which they are built, but which a Lessee may desire " cannot be specified, by giving some discretionary to pull down, in order to erect other Houses or BuildPower, and applying certain Terms to the Exercise of ings of greater V alue, for his own Accommodation or " the Discretion which may be so given." Advantage; for Houses or other Buildings which may

To obviate the Inconveniences arising from that Re- have been damaged or destroyed by Fire, or Ground ftridlion, as well as from the Want of explicit Direc- on which such Buildings have been erected; and aho tions in the Act, with respect to the Consideration to for Houses or other Buildings which shall be only in be paid for Houses not requiring to be re-built, if any part re-built, or to which new Buildings shall be added; such Houses should be comprized in a Lease renewed and for Ground to be granted as Gardens, Yards, or while more than 20 Years remain unexpired, I humbly Curtilages to Houses already erected or to be erected, apprehend that an amendment of the Act is wanting to whether on Ground belonging to His, Majesty, or to the following Effect: . any other Proprietor, I humbly conceive that a difere-

1. Thai where any new Edifice or Building shall be tionary Power should be vested in the Treasury to ad-erected, or agreed to be erected, on Ground granted mit of the Consideration being paid either in Rent by any Lease from the Crown, and which shall be of only, or in Rent and Fine, provided that where a Fine greater, Yearly Value than the Ground on which the shall be taken it shall not exceed the Proportion of same shall be built, it shall be lawful to grant a new One Third Part of the Net Annual Value of the Pre-Lease, for any Term not exceeding 99 Years, of the miffeS in respect of which the same shall be paid, nor be Ground on which such new Building shall be erected, computed at a higher Rate than the highest legal In-or agreed to be erected, and also of all or any Part 6f terest. '

any other Tenements or Hereditaments comprized in lam also inclined to think that it may be advisable such former Lease, and whereof the greater Part of the to relate, in some Degree, the Stridlness of the Prohi-Yearly Value shall consist of the Edifices of Buildings bition against taking Fines for Leases of Lands, and to thereon, or of Ground set apart and appropriated for veil in' the Treasury a Power to admit of Fines being the erecting of Dwelling Houses or other Edifices, or taken for such Estates, not to exceed, in any Case, the for necessary Gardens, Yards, Curtilages, or other Ap- Proportion of One Third Part of the Net Annual purtenances to be used and enjoyed with the Houses Value, and not to be computed at a higher Rate than comprized in such Lease. the highest legal Interest.

2. That where any new Edifice or Building shall be This would, undoubtedly, render the reserved Rents

erected, or agreed to be erected, on Ground belonging more secure than they would be if the whole Considera-to, Or held under any Lease from the Crown for the tion should be taken in Rent; and it is of the greater Enlargement of, and to be united to and decupled with Importance to attend to the Security of the Rents, as any House or other Building held under any other Lease the landed Estates of the Crown lie widely dispersed, from the Crown, it shall be lawful to grant a new Lease and the Rents of large Districts,. comprizing several or Leases for any Term not exceeding 99 Years, as well Counties, are collected by one Receiver, without the of the Ground on which such new Edifice or 'Build- Assistance of resident or local Agents.' The taking of ing shall be erected, as of all or any Part of any other Fines will, in general, I apprehend, be more agreeable Tenements or Hereditaments comprized in such Leases, to those Lessees who do not occupy the Lands them-provided that the greater Part of the Yearly Value of selves, of which there are many Examples among the the Tenements or Hereditaments so to be granted shall Tenants of the Crown; and if the Proportion to be consist of the Buildings thereon, or of Ground set apart taken in Fine, and the Rate of Computation, be li-and appropriated for building, or for necessary Gardens, mited, so that the first shall not exceed a Third Part of Yards, Curtilages, or other Appurtenances as aforesaid: the Net Annual Value, nor the other be higlter than

And, the legal Interest, and if the Prohibition against too

3. That where any Ground belonging to His Majesty frequent Renewals of Leases be continued, this Altera-shall be deemed by the Lords of the Treasury fit and tion will be strictly confident with the Principles of the proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages, or other Ap- former Act, and, in my Opinion, cannot be prejudicial purtenances to be used and enjoyed with any Houses to thq Interest of the Crown.

or Buildings erected or to be erected upon Ground be- It is apprehended that the restrictions of the Act, longing either to His Majesty, or to any other Propri- as it now (lands, may be found inconvenient in respect etor, it shall be lawful to grant a Lease of Leases of to the granting of Leases of some Kinds of Property such Ground for any Term not exceeding 99 Years, now held under Lease from the Crown, and which are provided that no Ground be granted for Gardens, &c. of a fludluating and uncertain Value; such as the Profits to Houses held under any Lease from the Crown for any of Agistment of Forests disafforested, the Profits of Prae Term exceeding the Terms for which such Houses shall and rod Fines arising within the Principality of Wales, have been granted or agreed to be granted. and County Palatine of , those of Light Houses

In all tilde Cafes I would humbly recommend, that or Beacons, and of the Chains for mooring Ships in the the Consideration to be paid to the Crown, whether in (River Thames, Tolls of Markets and Fairs, Tythes,

Vol. 53- Fisheries,

228 i1° Januarii. A. 1798.

Fisheries, Ferries, and other Articles of uncertain Pro- ment from the Fine or Rent payable to the Crown, duce. The Want of any sufficient Security in Property On this Subject a same has been laid before the Attor-of this Nature, for the Payment of a fixed Annual ney and Solicitor General, who, after giving their Opi-Rent approaching near to the Value, seems to render it nion on the Points of Law referred to their Considera-eligible for the Crown to granULeafes at low Rents, and tion, have added, "But although these are the Opi-to take the principal Part of the Consideration in Fine; " nions which we have formed upon the different Points and as the casual and precarious Nature of the Income " submitted to us, after much Consideration of the may, in some Cafes, render the taking of a Lease a Spe- " Subject, it seems to us that the several Acts are so culation of some Hazard, it may, perhaps, not be prac- " loosely penned, and with so little Attention to the ticable to find Persons willing to take Leases at fixed. " Provisions of prior Acts, that we cannot venture to Annual Rents, or to pay Fines in proportion to the " say that the Construction which we have given to the Average Yearly Produce, without having some farther " several Acts is clear. The Subject seems to require Allowance than the bare Discount of 5 per Cent.In " the Interference of Parliament to give clear Construe-Cafes of this Nature, the Officers of the Crown may, " tion to the several Acts; and we are unable-to discover perhaps, find it necessary to have recourse to the Mode " any Advantage which can arise to the Public from the of letting by public Auction, and may be obliged to " Imposition of Duties on Crown Leases, where the accept the best Offers they can obtain: It seems, " Amount of the Stamp Duties is necessarily considered

therefore, to be advisable to vest a Power in the Lords " in charging the Fine to be paid." of the Treasury to grant and renew Leases of Property On the Subject of the Stamp Duties chargeable on of this Description, for such Terms of Years, not ex- Certificates for Sales of Fee Farm Rents belonging to ceeding 31 Years, and for such Fine or Fines, and under the Crown, the Solicitor General has given his Opinion, such Rent, or other Reservations, and Conditions, as not only that those Instruments may be liable to an in-they shall, from Time to Time, think reasonable and creased Duty, in consequence of the Ad, c. 90. of the expedient. last Session, but that under the Words " Common

The most usual Mode of Reservation in Leases of " Conveyances of Land," in the Acts of 2 III. Mines, Collieries, Quarries, and other mineral and fofiil c. 87. and 34 III. c. 75, they were before liable to Substances, and that which is best adapted to this Kind the Duties on Conveyances by Bargain and Sale in-of Property, is a certain Share of the Ore or other Pro- rolled, which, prior to the Act of the last Session, were duce in Kind, or a Rent or Duty in Money, payable on toj. per Skin, and were then raised to 20 The Stamp the Quantity raised. The Ad, as it now stands, re- actually used for such Certificates from the Commence-quires that the Consideration for every Lease from the ment of the Sale was that which was chargeable on Crown, except of Houses, shall be an Annual Rent; common Conveyances by Lease and Release, which some Explanation seems, therefore, to be wanting, to at the Time the Sale began- was 6 afterwards increased admit of Leases of Mines, Collieries, and other Matters to 7 and by the Act of last Session to 10 per Skin, of this Nature, being granted for such a Share of the Questions may, therefore, perhaps, arise respecting the Produce, or such Rent or Duty upon the Quantity or Validity of those Sales, and a Confirmation of them by Value of it, as the Lords of the Treasury shall think Parliament seems necessary for the Security of the Pur-proper. . chafers.

These dise ret ionary Powers seem necessary to be con- . In consequence of the Doubts which have arisen on f.ded to those who have the chief Controul on the Ma- these Subjects, the Clerk of the Pipe has not ventured nag :ment of the Crown's Estate, on Account of the to complete any one of the Leases from the Crown, Difficulty of enading specific Regulations adapted to which your Lordships have ordered to be granted; and so great a Variety of Cafes, and applicable to Circum- no Sale of any Fee Farm Rent belonging to the Crown fiances which cannot be foreseen, or minutely defined, has taken place since the passing of the Ad referred to; and to enable the Officers of the Crown, in every Cafe, nor can any Purchases be expected to be made while to do that which may be most advantageous to the those Duties remain chargeable on the Certificates, as Property; and there is the less Danger of any improper they, would in some Cafes make an Addition of near Ufc being made of those Powers, the whole Proceed- Four Years Purchase to the Price of the Rents. . ings relative to the Management and Disposal of every As it is evident that no Advantage can arise to the Part of the Land Revenue being required to be pe- Public from the Stamp Duties on Crown Leases, and riodically reported to Parliament. that those on Purchases of Fee Farm Rents mull, in a

I cannot omit this Occasion of bringing under your great Measure, operate as a Prohibition to the Sale, and Lordships Attention the Inconveniences which have defeat the Intention of Parliament in authorizing that arisen, with respect to Crown Leases, and Sales of Fee Meafiffe, I submit, with great Deference, to your Lord-Farm Rents, from the Acts of the last Session of Parlia- ships Consideration, whether it may not be advisable ment for imposing additional Stamp Duties. By one to repeal, if not the Whole of the Duties on Crown of those Acts (37 Geo. III. c. 90.) an additional Duty Leases, at least the new Duty of £.6 imposed by the of /. 6 per Skin is charged on Crown Leases, which were Ad of the last Session, and to exempt those Leases before subject to a Duty of £.4. By Cap. in of the from any Restriction on the Quantity to be inserted; same Session, a farther Duty of ioj. is charged on all and whether the Certificates on future Sales of Rents Deeds whatsoever, without any Exception of Crown should not be either wholly exempted from Stamp Du-Leases; and Doubts have arisen whether, in confe- ties (the better to promote the Sale) or that the Amount huencerof the Provisions of the Act for the more ef- should be limited to 7 s. and no farther Increase be made fedually securing the Stamp Duties on Indentures, on those Instruments; and I am also to submit to your -Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds (37 Geo. III. c. 19,) Lordships the Propriety of ordering a Bill to be pre-and of those of Cap. 90. fee. 6. Leases from the Crown pared, to be presented to Parliament, for making such are not liable to the same Duties for every i Com- Amendments to the different Acts relating to these mon Law Sheets of the Quantity contained in such Subjects as your Lordships may be pleased to approve. Leases. Should it be so, the Duties would, in-some AH which is humbly submitted to your Lordships,

Instances, amount to an enormous Expence; but in no John,

Cafe can Stamps on Crown Leases produce the least Ad- 20th Nov' 1797. Surv' Gen1,

vantage to the Public Revenue; for the Stamp Duty —

being considered as Part, of the Charges of a Crown John,

Lease, an additional Allowance must be made to the Land Revenue Office, Surveyor General.

Leflecs for every Addition to that Duty, by an Abate- ift December 1797. S

Sutton Veny Division ana Allotment 'Petition.

Lord Bray-kfooke's Name Bill, read.

Supply, deferred.

Wap and Means, deferred.

Time for receiving Petitions enlarged.

38 Geo. III. ii° — 12° januarii. 229

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Most Honourable Thomas Marquis of Bath, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Veny, in the County of Wilts, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be veiy advantageous to all Persons interested therein if the lam 6were divided and allotted in Severalty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Joshua Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right Honourable Richard Lord Braybrooke, Baron of Braybrooke, and Richard Neville, Henry Neville, George Neville, and William Neville, and all and every other Son and Sons of the said Richard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, and their Issue Male, re-l'peftively, when they shall respectively become beneficially entitled to the Pofiession, or to the Rents and Profits, of certain Estates devised by the Will of the late Right Honourable John Griffin, Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braybrooke, deceased, or shall become entitled to the Peerage of the Barony of Braybrooke in Pofiession, to use and take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Griffin, pursuant to the said Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ,the

9th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, the '9th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills be enlarged until Friday, the 23d Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Yql. 53.

Veneris, i2 die Januarii;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Portland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as folio wet h; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War:

An Act for allowing, during the Continuance of the present War, a certain Proportion of the Men, raised in pursuance of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament for augmenting the Militia, to enlist into His Majesty's other Forces, and to lerve until Six Months after the Conclusion of a General Peace:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, one passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, lb far as the same relate to repairing the Road front Tadcaster to Halton FfyA, in the West Riding of the County of York;

An Act for dividing and allotting the Commonable Pastures within the Parish of Chedzoy, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hetherfett, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Waste or Common called Rifled Marsh, within the several Parishes of E/fted and or one of them, in

the County of Sussex t

An Act for naturalizing Henry Jolivet:

An Act for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmiding: An Act for naturalizing Anguftus Frederick Piefchel: An Act for naturalizing John Joachim Diederick Wegener.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads in the County of Cumberland, herein after described, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-

3 N Cond,

V

Roynl Aifent to BiLU.

4

Penrith Roads Petition.

23° ia° Januarii. A. 1798.

cond, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Re That this House will, at the Riling of the House re-Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hint on Hall, House this Day, adjourn till the 8th Day of joumVo gtu

over Skelton, and Castle Sowerby Pastures, and Sebraham February next. ' February.

Bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also the '

Road which branches and separates from the same Road A Petition of a Committee of the Clock and Watch upon Castle Sowerby Pafiure, aforesaid, and leads from Makers, of the Town and County of Leicester, was pre- of LeiceiUr, thence through Hejkett, otherwise HejkettNewmarkett, to fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in repeal of Caldbeck, in the said County, several Tolls and Powers consequence of the Act, passed last Session, for granting watdr.Duty were granted to the Trustees therein named, for carrying - to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches,' a a. the said Act into Execution; and that, by another Act, the Petitioners have already felt the most melancholy passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Effects, but these are small in Comparison of what they Majesty, the Tolls and Powers, granted by the said first- mult inevitably suffer in future: That their Trade has mentioned Act, were continued for a further Term, diminished much more than one Half during this last Which is near expiring; and that the Trustees, in pursu- Session, and how much more it will be decreased the vance of the said Acts, have borrowed several consider- next it is not possible for them to anticipate; and the able Sums of Money, on Security of the Tolls thereby natural Consequences must be, that Numbers of young granted, which (till remain due, and cannot be repaid, Artists will emigrate to Foreign Countries, and take . nor can the said Roads be ke t in Repair, unless the their Ingenuity with them; and that it is not only the said Tolls and Powers are continued for a further Term-, mere Clock and Watchmaking Business they will carry and that it may be expedient that some further Powers with them, but various other Mechanical Branches re-should be granted for those Purposes; And therefore lative to many Machines now employed in different Ma-praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for nufactures, of very great Consequence to the Trade effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as and Commerce of this Kingdom;, and that, from these , to the House fha.Il seem meet. Considerations, the Petitioners are actuated not only

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred ro the from Motives of Interest but by Duty, to lay the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- foregoing Statement of Fadts before the House: And amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it therefore praying. That the said Act may be repealed, shall appear to them, to the House: to prevent the fatal Consequences that will inevitably

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Sir Henry Fletcher, ensue, both to the Petitioners and the . Nation at &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at large.

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Table.

Fozard' Di-vorcc Bill, road.

Answer to Address.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Account of to dissolve the Marriage of James Fozard with Sarah Directions of several Acts of Parliament, L s the11

Sophia Leckie, his now Wife, and to enable him to An Account: of the Total Sums issued and applied, Emperor, pre-marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of lcnted-was read the First Time. His present Majesty's Reign, Cap. 93. towards paying

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and satisfying the Dividends grown due on a Loan to

his Imperial Majesty of £.4,600,000, or any Part ' Mr. Douglas reported to the House, That their Ad- thereof; and also, an Account of all Sums repaid by, dress of Yesterday (to return His Majesty the dutiful or recovered from, or on Behalf of, the Emperor, by Thanks of the House for graciously communicating to Reason of such Advances, together with the Interest them, that he has received various Advices of Preparations paid or recovered thereon: And also — An Account of made, and Measures taken, in France, apparently in Pur- the Total Sums issued and applied, by virtue of an Act fuance of the Design openly and repeatedly professed of passed in the last Session of Parliament, Cap. 59. to-attempting the Invasion of these Kingdoms: To assure wards paying and satisfying the Dividends grown due His Majesty, that he may rely on the continued and on a Loan to his Imperial Majesty of £. 1,620,000, or decided Support of this House, in this important Con- any Part thereof; and a like Account of the Total jundture; and that we are firmly persuaded that the Sums issued and applied by virtue of the said Act to-Zeal and Courage of His faithful Subjects, struggling wards the Redemption of the Capital to be created by for all that is most dear to them, will be vigorously virtue thereof; and also, an Account of all Sums re-exerted in repelling every Insult, and will, under the paid by, or recovered from, or on Behalf of, the Em-Blessing of Providence, be effectual for disappointing peror, by Reason of such Advances, or either of them, the ambitious and extravagant Designs of the Enemy, together with the Interest paid or recovered thereon, and turning them to the Confusion of those who may And the Title of the Paper containing the said Ac-be engaged in them) had been presented to His Majesty; counts was read, and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same The said Paper is as followeth; viz. most graciously.

An

o $le

38 Geo. III. 12° JanuafiL 231

An ACCOUNT of the Total Sums issued and applied by virtue of an Act passed in the 35th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Cap. 93. towards paying and satisfying the Dividends grown due on a Loan to his Imperial Majesty of 4,600,000, or any Part thereof: And also, — An Account of all v Sums repaid by, or recovered from, or on Behalf of, the Emperor, by reason of such Advances, together with the Interest paid or recovered thereon.

To the Bank of England, to pay Six Months Annuity, £. d. £ d. £. s. d.

at £.3per Cent, on £.3,833,333. 6s. 8d. the Amount of the Debentures or Annuity Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act 35th Geo. III. by the Emperor of , and guaranteed by the said Act, which became due the ift November 1797, and the Payment thereof charged by the said Act upon the Consolidated Fund on the 5th January 1798 - - - - -To D® - - - - for Management of D® for the same Six Months - . v - 57 506 862 10 — 58,362 IO —

To D® - - - - to pay Six Months Annuity on £. 430,000 per Amium, created by the said Emperor in virtue of and guaranteed in like Manner as the above Annuities, by the said Act 35th Geo. III. which became due and payable at the same Time - - - - -To D® - - - - for Management of these Annuities for the same Time - 115,000 1,293 15 — 116,293 5 " 174»656 5

No Sum has been repaid or recovered from the Emperor on Account of the above Advance}.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Sums issued and applied by virtue of an Act passed in the last Seflidtt of Parliament, Cap. 59. towards paying and satisfying the Dividends grown due on a Loan to his Imperial Majesty of £. 1,620,000, or any Part thereof: And a like Account of the Total Sums issued and applied by virtue of the said Act towards the Redemption of the Capital to be created by virtue

thereof: And also,---- An Account of all Sums repaid by, or recovered from, or on Behalf of, the

Emperor, by reason of such Advances, or either of them, together with the Interest paid or recovered thereon.

To the Bank, to pay Nine Months Annuity at £.3 per £. s. d. £ d. £. d.

Cent, on £.3,669,300 in Annuity Bonds, created in like Manner with the aforegoing, by virtue of and guaranteed by an Act 37th Geo. III. which became due on the ift November 1797, and payable out of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th of January 1798 To D® - - - - for Management of these Annuities for the same Time- -

82,559 5 — 1,238 7 9 *

To D® - - - - to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. for One Quarter due the 5th January 1798, on the Capital of £.3,669,300, in respect of £. 1,620,000 raised by virtue of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 59. at the Rate of £.226. 10 per Cent. 83,797 12 9! 9.173 5 —

92 976 17 9i /

No Sum has been repaid or recovered from the Emperor on Account of the above Advances.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

12th January 1798. ' ‘ George Roji.

Vol. 53,

Ordered *

23 *

129 Januariu — % ° Februariu A. 1798.

Proceedings of the Treasury, &c. respecting certain Offices, presented.

Reichard and Poland's Nat. Petition#

Lord Bray-

bfooke's Name Bill, committed.

Glasgow Roads Petition.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Several Papers containing Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; or in consequence of Directions from them, since the End of the last Session of Parliament, respeifting several Offices concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Money.

And the Title of the said Papers was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adj'oushed till Thursday, the 8th Day of February next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis 8° dieFebruarii\

Anno 38 Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

PETITION of "Jacob Reichard and Peter Raymond Poland, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Art ingirofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right Honourable Richard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, Baron of Braybrooke, and Richard Neville, Henry Neville, George Neville, and Neville, and

all and every other Son and Sons of the said Richard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, and their Issue Male, respectively, when they shall respectively become beneficially entitled to the Possession, or to the Rents and Profits, of certain Estates devised by the Will of the late Right Honourable John Griffin, Lord Howard de JValden and Lord Braybrooke, deceased, or shall become entitled to the Peerage of the Barony of Braybrooke in Possession, to use and take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Griffin, pursuant to the said Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir Charles Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk, in the County of and from thence to the Confines of the said County of towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and the Road from the Town of Hamilton, in the said County of Lanark, to the Confines of the said County, at or near to Kirk-land-bridge, and from thence by Eaglesham, in the County of Renfrew, to Kingstoell, in the County of Ayr, and for the more effectually repairing the said Roads, and the Road from the Village of and Bridge of

Glasgow, to the Chapel of Cambvflang, in the said z

County of Lanark, and Branches thereof; and for making and repairing the Road from the said Chapel of Cambufartg, till it joins the High Road leading from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards Eaglesham, in the County of Renfrew, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have advanced very considerable Sums, and have otherwise borrowed, and taken up at Interest, certain other Sums of Monc\, all of which, together with the Tolls, by the said Acts made payable, have been applied ih making the said Roads, and carrying into Execution the other Purposes of the said Trust, all of which Sums still remain due and owing, and cartnot bf repaid, and the Roads up-> held, unless the Terms and Powers, granted by the said Acts, be enlarged, and further Powers and 'Foils be granted; and that it has been found that the Re-striction upon the Tolls to be levied upon the aforesaid Road, from the City of Glasgow, by the Chapel of Cambuslang, to Burnbank, and Distinction of Interest, or diferiminating Clause in Favour of the said Road, ih preference to the other Roads authorized to be made and repaired by the Act, is prejudicial to the general Interest of the Roads, and that the said Clause ought to be repealed; and that it would be a great Benefit to the Public if a Road was opened from the Muirkirk and Cambuslang Turnpike Roads, at Barrowfi Bridge,

to join the Shi els Turnpike Road in the most convenient Direction-; and that the Foord through the River of Circle, called Dalmarnoor Farme Foord, in the aforesaid Line of Road from Barrowfeld Bridge, by the Chapel of Cambuslang, to Burnbank, is oftentimes dangerous and impafiable, from Floods in the River, and it would be of very material Benefit to the whole County, and the Public at large, if a Bridge w as built over the said River at the Foord, called Dalmarnock or Farme Foord, the North End thereof to be founded in a straight Line from the Gateways or Entries to the Houses of John Buchanan, of and

William IVoddrop, of Dalmarnock, Esquires; and that

the Produce of the Tolls, authorized to be taken by the Acts of the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first of His present Majesty, has been found inadequate and insufficient for repaying the Money so advanced and borrowed, with the Interest thereof, Expence of upholding the said Roads and managing the said Trust, and Expence of building the said Bridge, and making the aforesaid Road of Communication to Turnpike Road, unless

the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be enlarged, and unless further Powers and Tolls be granted to the said Trustees: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall leem proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Heron, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

A Petition of the Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, Clocks and Watches, and Clockmakers and Watchmakers Tools, resident in the Town and Neighbourhood of Prefcot, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in Consequence of an Act, passed in the last Session, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, the Petitioners have sustained great Losses, and, should this Act continue in Force, they will hereafter be exposed to (till greater Hard ships, and that, from the Effects already produced, they entertain the most alarming Apprehensions of the Difficulties to which they

Petition of Watchmakers, See of Prelcot, for repeal of the Clock and Watch Duty Act.

38 Geo. III. 8 ° Februarii.233

they will be subjected; and that, since the passing of the said Act, the Petitioners have, with much Anxiety, observed a gradual Increase in its injurious Effects, and it appears, from their own Experience, as well as from Documents received from the Neighbouring Towns, in the said County of , and from the

Committee appointed by the Clockmakers and Watch makers in London, to examine and Hate their Grievances, that, prior to the Month of November last, a Diminution of more than one Half had taken place in the making of Clocks and Watches, the Tools and Implements employed therein, and the various Ornaments used therewith, and that the Manufacture and Sale thereof has since generally decreased, and continues diminishing so rapidly, that the Home Trade mull very soon be nearly annihilated} and that the Artificers of all the Branches in the Clock and Watch Manufactory, who, from the Causes before mentioned, cannot obtain Employment, have already begun to emigrate, and many others will from their Distresses be induced, and probably encouraged, to do the fame: That such Artificers will be loft to this Country, and carry with them the most valuable Secrets, and which have hitherto given the Manufacturers and Dealers of Great Britain a decided Superiority and Advantage in the Markets Abroad, and, if speedy and effectual Kelief should not be granted to the Petitioners, they mull feribully apprehend a great and continued Decrease, and eventually an entire Destruction of their Foreign Trade; and that the Home and Foreign Trades are particularly connected, so far as regards the Instruction and Employment of the Workmen, because, the Foreign Trade being only periodical, the Manufacturers could not without the Home Trade employ their Workmen at those Times when they are not getting up and executing the Orders for the . Foreign Markets; and that the Cotton and Woollen Manufactories are entirely indebted for the great State of Perfection to which the Machinery used therein is now brought to the Clock and Watchmakers, great Numbers or whom have for several Years past at Times been employed in inventing and constructing, as well as superintending, such Machinery, and that those Persons, from the Want of Employment in the Clock and Watch Trade, will also be induced to emigrate, and carry with them the important Knowledge not only of improving and encouraging, but establishing Cotton and Woollen Manufactories Abroad, which, the Petitioners submit, will certainly be very prejudicial to the Commercial Interests of this Country; and that the Manufactory of Clocks and Watches must appear to be of great and peculiar National Importance, when it is considered how many Thousands of Artificers are employed therein, and that, through the mere productive Operation of their Labour, the Materials are rendered from Fifty tp Five Hundred, and progressively, in many Instances, to more than One Thou-i'and Times their original Value; and that, from these Considerations, the Petitioners are actuated, by Motives of Duty as well as Interest, to lay the foregoing Statement or Fads before the House, and, at the same Time they solicit its Interference by granting them Kelief, to declare that they are willing and desirous to contribute their full pecuniary Proportion to the Exigences of the State, and the Support of the Constitution of the Country, but that they will be unable so to do unless the said Act be repealed: And therefore praying. That the said Act, laying Duties on Clocks and Watches, may be repealed, and that the Petitioners may, if necessary, be heard, by themselves, and their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of this their Application.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Har- Mr. Henry Last tiles reported from the Committee, to

VOL.53.

whom the Petition of several of the Tnlftees appointed Borough-to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from the Town of ,ported. ' through Harewood, to the South West Comer of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, and from thence in Two'

Branches, one through Ripley over Green, and the other through Knaresbrough and to

Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs and Ruts on the said Moor, (o far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate through Knaresbrough to Bortiughbridge, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts, one of them passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other of them passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were read s And,

James Gollins, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as concerns the said last mentioned Road, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts to be taken thereon, which Money now remains due, and the same cannot be repaid, nor the , said Branch of the Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts, the one paired in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South Well Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and roughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York', and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading, from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Kttarejborough) to And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame. _ ' .

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bev:riev, i-c. thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Pc

Estates within the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, herein after mentioned, or some of them, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the several Parishes,

Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Terri-, tories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley,

Sandholme, Stockhill, Molfcroft, Leckonfield, Arram, brough, Lockington, Ayke, Befwick, Wilfholme, Kilnwick,

Watton, Hutton - Oranswick, Rotfea, Skerne,

Brigham, Fishholme, Nafferton, Lowthorpe, Harp ham,

Little-Kelk, Foston, Carnaby, Fraifthorp,

Granfnoor, LiJJett, Barmfton, Ulram, otherwise Ouram,

Skip/ia, Dringhoe, Beeford, North Frodingham, Brandes-Burton, Meor-Loivn, Leven, Emmotland, Kemoholme,

3 O hill

I>ke Inclosure Petition.

Fo/,.'tril's Divorce Bill,

committed.

234 8 0 Februarii.A. 1798.

hill House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of

the County of York, several low Grounds and Carrs, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are subject to be frequently overflowed, and are otherwise incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Lands and Grounds were to be properly drained, and preserved from being overflowed, and put in a State of Improvement, with such Regulations and Provisions as may be found necessary for that Purpose, it would be highly beneficial to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and all Persons interested therein; and that, in order effectually to complete the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, and to prevent any Injury being done to the River Hull, it will be adviseable to cleanse, and keep free from Encroachments and Obstructions, certain Parts of the said River, and that Provision should1 be made to prevent Injury to the Driffield Navigation and the Drainage, also to the Cotting Drainage and the Skidby Drainage, and for indemnifying all Persons liable to Damage by Means of such proposed Drainage: And. therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under inch Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papeis, and Records,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owness and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the Whole, .3,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners and the other Owners and Proprietors if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prat er of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Henry Lafre/fesand Mr. Pierrepodo prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dilfolvc the Marriage of James Fozard with Sarah Sophia Leckie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 19th Day of this Instant resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses. - ' *

A Petition of Charles Brown, of Edgar ley, in the Pa- Glafto ur rish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glastonbuin the County tition. " of Somerset, Gentleman, Lord of the Manor and Soil within the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist, in Glastonbury, aforesaid, and the Parish of Saint in Glas-

tonbury, aforesaid; and also the Petition of the Freeholders within the said Parishes who have Right of Common upon the Commonable Ground and Waste Land within the said Parishes, whose Names are there- e

unto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders, interested in the said Commonable Ground and Waste Land, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glastonbury, a Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, containing Sixty-two Acres, or thereabouts, formerly Part of Queen or Little Sedgmoor, and that there are, within the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist and Saint Benedict, m Glastonbury, divers other Parcels of Waste Land, containing in the Whole Twenty Acres or thereabouts, which said Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, and Parcels of Waste Land, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value to the Persons interested therein, but, if thtf same were divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested therein, a very considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commonable Ground and Waste Land to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the fivsytr of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Dickinson, Junior,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

- Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That having, on r'u task e-the 23d of September last, received a Notice from the Houil of cer-Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of En- Notices gland, that the Directors of the said Bank meant to e issue Gold Coin to the Amount of the Dollars then in Circulation which had been stamped at the Tower, he had forthwith caused the said Notice to be inserted in The London Gazette, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act " passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited " Time, the Restriction contained in the Minute of " Council of the Twenty-sixth Day of February One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank, under certain Regulations and Restrictions."

Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That having.

On the 3 ift Day of January last, received a Notice from the Court of Directors of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, " that they meant to issue " Cash in Payment of the One and Two Pound Notes " of the Governor and Company of the Bank of " England dated prior to the i ft Day of February 1798," he had forthwith caused the ftiid Notice to be inserted -in The London Gazette, pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, until " One Month after the Conclusion of the present War,

" the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the

Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirtyseventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter 91,

" videlicet, on the Twenty-second Day of June One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for the " Restriction on Payments of Cash by the Bank."

Re/o/zW, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Committee on -night, the 19th Day of this Instant February, resolve p"e'it(s Vom

ltft'lf Committee

38 Geo. III. 83 — o° Februarii. 235

Financt of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con IkforeXII fider of the several Reports, which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and Rate the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they Rood on the 5th of January 1 797; diRinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which exiRed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and Rate the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outRanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or eRimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the same; and who were inRrufted to Rate an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums, now annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now exiRing; and who were also inRrufted to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public 'Expenditure, and , how far the same have been effectual; and also, what

Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number,' or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and Whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or fof diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Ser vices.

the nth Day of January laR, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, -Tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Ways and the nth Day of January laR, for the House to resolve <leiw»

itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing' the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Secretary Duudas presented to the House, ac- Bill forcalling cording to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to order on of the°r out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, Supplemen-and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men fented in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith: And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Aqd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow adorning, Ten of the Clock *

V meris, g° di Februarii;

Anno 38 Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1798. P R at E a s.

Clackmam- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ban, Ac.writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of , in the room

of Sir Ralph Abercromby, Knight of the moR honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desboroughand Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Bill forcalling The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Suppiemen- " providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be raeiKitia' ra'ned and exercised in the Manner therein directed; r " and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to

" be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of " these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for explaining and amending the said Act, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of the Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Supply, def«- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon VOL.53.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according Reichard and to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jacob Reickard »"111andesi-c t and Peter Raymond Poland: And the same was received; e(j. ' present> and read the FirR Time. > >

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the Petition to City of London attended at the Door; they were called 'o revenf in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Frauds in th *

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- t'coal mons, of the City of London, in Common Council af- £ London, sembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and between Tozver Dock and Limehouse , in the County of Mtdd/efex; and that another Act was paired, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for continuing the said recited Act until the ]R Day of June 1798, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the Execution of the Powers and Provisions of the said first-mentioned Act have beenattended with great Advantage to the Persons residing within the Limits, thereof, and it is therefore expedient that the same should be further continued: And therefore praying, Thfit Leave may be given to bring"in a Bill for continuing the said Act for such Rxrther Term as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that the}' do exa-

1 mine

Petition from the Corporation of London against London Docks. See. Bill.

23 6

9° Februarii.

A. 1798.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, by virtue of, and under divers Charters recognized and confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament, have had and exercised, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City, for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about the Water of Thames (that is to say) from the Bridge of the Town of , in the County of Middlesex, towards the East unto London Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place cstWtd Kendall, otherwise Tenland, otherwise to-

wards the Sea and East, and in Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon whatsoever Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon every Wharf of the same Water of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about all and every of them; and also, for all the Time aforesaid, held Jurisdiction over the fame, and have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take to their own proper Use, by the Mayor of the same City, for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits belonging to the same Office of Bailiff j and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners would be invaded, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of London, where it has flourished for a great Length of Time, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the City of London, and the Kingdom in general, would, in a very material Degree,' be removed to a new Scite, out of the Controul and Superintendance, as well as out of the Care and Protection, of the Petitioners; and that such Removal would not only be a Violation of the ancient Customs and Privileges of the Petitioners, but also be productive of the most ruinous and distressing Consequences to divers incorporated Societies and Companies, as well as to great Numbers of Individuals, the Value of whose Property, or the Profits of whole Labour and Industry, in a great Measure, depend on the Trade and Commerce of the City and Port of London being continued to be carried on within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the said City; and that the Petitioners and their Predecessors, ever careful of the Rights and Welfare of their Fellow Citizens and anxious to accommodate, promote, and increase the Trade and Commerce of the City of London, have, from Time to Time, deviled and offered to execute Plans conductive to those Ends, and, actuated by thele Motives, as well as in Consequence of divers Applications made to them in that Respect, Plans have been formed for'increasing the Accommodation, and for the more effectually securing the Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue of the Port of London, which, by the Aid and Authority of Parliament, they have Reason

to believe may be carried into. Execution without the Necessity of creating a new Corporation and other expensive Establishment, without such an Extent of Injury or Inconvenience to Individuals as the said . Bill must necessarily produce, and without unneceffaiily infringing on the ancient Rights and Privileges of the City of London, or burthening the Trade of the said Port in the Manner and to the Extent proposed by the said Bill, and the Petitioners assure themselves such Plans will be brought forward, and, if duly encouraged and sanctioned by the Legislature, carried into Execution j and that as, by carrying such a Plan into Execution, the Public at large would derive such Benefit and Accommodation as the Commerce of London at present moil urgently requires, at a moderate Expence, and perfectly confident with the Safety of its Shipping, and the Security of the Revenue, and as the Petitioners would not thereby take, or do they mean to take, any Emolument or Advantage to themselves, they rely on the Justice of the House that no new Corporation shall be established as proposed by the said Bill: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel,

Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, Agents, or Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think 'fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exectf- Glouceftw1 tion an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed and applied for and towards amending and keeping the said Roads in Repair, and the several other Purposes of the said Act, which Money still remains due and unpaid; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, ilnless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some of the Tolls thereby granted increased, and other Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and enlarging and altering the Powers'of the said Act, for such Time, and in such Mannner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: nd that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Peter Viand, of Pollard's Rozv, in the vhud'» Nat.

Parish of Saint Matthezv Bethnal Green, in the County Petition-of Middlesex, Merchant, was presented to the House,

and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Mack/in, of Fleet Street, London, Mr. Macklin

Printfeller, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Lotteiy.

Year

38 Geo. III. 90 Febrtiarii. 237

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " Ait " Act for enabling Thorn as to dispose of his

" Collection of Modern Paintings, as now exhibited " at his Gallery in Fleet , by Way of Chance," it - was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Petitioner to dispose, of the said Modern Paintings by Way of Chance, and that the Number of Tickets should not exceed Two thousand Four hundred, to be numbered respectively One to Two thousand Four hundred, at the Price, of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Ticket, and that the Petitioner should, on or before the 1 ft Day of August 1797, give Notice in The London Gazette

of his Intention to dispose of the said Modern Paintings, in pursuance of the said Act, and that the Whole ' of such Modern Paintings should constitute Seventy-six Prizes only, and such Prizes should be determined by the First State Lottery to be drawn after the passing of the said Act, and that the First Seventy-six Tickets that should be drawn in the said State Lottery, corresponding in their Numbers with the Numbers of any of the Two thousand Four hundred Tickets to be if-sued by the Petitioner, should be the Prizes; and that ' the Petitioner did, before the ift Day of 1797)

give Notice in The London Gazette of his Intention to dispose of the said Modern Paintings, in Conformity to the Directions contained in the said Act, but he hath not yet been able to fell more than One-sixth Part of ,the Number of Tickets limited by the said Act; and inasmuch as he must unavoidably sustain a very heavy Loss, in case so large a Proportion of Tickets shall remain undisposed of at the Commencement of the Drawing of the said State Lottery, the Petitioner is desirous that the said Seventy-six Prizes of Modern Paintings shall be determined by the First State Lottery to be drawn next after the End of the Year 1798, instead of the ensuing State Lottery: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purpose aforesaid, in such Manner as - to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

' And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

King's Mef- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the sage for grant- House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this mltytovff- House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the count Dun- same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker

can' (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and

is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having taken into His Royal Consideration the eminent and signal Service performed by Adam Viscount Duncan, one of the Admirals of the Blue, on the Coast of Holland, in an Engagement, in the Month of October last, with a Dutch Fleet under the Command of Admiral De Winter, not only highly honourable to himself, but greatly beneficial to His Majesty's Kingdoms; and being desirous to bellow upon the said Adam Viscount Duncan some considerable and lading Mark of His Royal Favour, as a Testimony of His Majesty's Approbation of the said Service, and for this Purpose to give apd grant unto the said Adam Viscount Duncan, and to the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Adam Viscount Duncan, to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, for and during their Lives, a Net Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum: But His Majesty not having it in His Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the ‘Term of His own Life, recommends, it to His faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling VOL. 53.

His Majesty to grant the fame, and of extending, fie-curing, and settling, such Annuity to the said Adam Viscount Duncan, and to the Two next Persons on whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in such Manner as shall be thought moll effectual, for ' x the Benefit of the said Adam Viscount Duncan and his Family. G. R.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said Most Gracious Mef-

sage into Consideration.

0 ' Accounts, cr«

/ # dered:

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Net Prodr.ce Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for of Taxes- . One Year, ending the 5th of January 1798, distinguishing each Quarter, and distinguishing also the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794> 1795> 1796, 1797, and 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an income and Account of the Income of,'and Charges upon, the charge of Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th of £u")d°lldate<l January 1798.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been Petitions for prefepted to this House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act passed in the last watch Duty Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for grant- Act, referred " ing to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Comnut " Watches," be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainivaring, Mr. Bur don,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Henry La/celles presented to the House, accord- Leeds, Harro-ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers s te>anH Bo-of Two several Acts, the one made and passed in the b'ii " Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King presented. George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Hare-wood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Bur age Green, and the other through

Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from H

thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordeiedy That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for calling Reading of the Bill, to enable His Majesty to order Uo' of The ' out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, Suppiemen-and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men committed!' in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.' '

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Henry Lafcel/es presented to the House, accord- Leke ingoing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several pre *

Open Fields, Lammas Clofcs, Meadows, Failures, Com-

3 P ' mons.

e

238

12

Februarii.

A. 1798.

Key worth Inclosure Bill, prt Tented.

mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the Flirt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of in the County of Nottingham: And the same was re ceivedj and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Samuel Shore, Esquire, William Fenton Scott, Esquire, the Rcvtrend Charles Cooper, Doctor in Divinity, John Stables, Peter Harland, and John Gentlemen, on

Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of, and Persons interested in, the Lands and Grounds thereinafter mentioned.

Bill present- Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accorded ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Township of Kirkby Overblow, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Member added to bring in Kirkby-Overblow Inclosure Bill.

for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable and.

Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners and others, the Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their respective, Lands, Tythes, Dues, Right of Common, and other Interests therein, respciftively, by such Ways, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of <he Right Reverend Brownlow, Lord Knoyie Tif. Bishop of Winchester, Lord of the Manor of East clolure i>et *

tion.

Lun<e> 120 dieFebruarii\

Anno 38® Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

Jy R. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

Sick's Nat.

ajid'pai£drted 1.VA. whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lewis Sack, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Giiiting A Petition of Powell Snell, Esquire, John Walker,

Petition Lord of the Manor, Impropriator, and principal Proprietor of Lands, in the Parish of Gutting Power, in the County of Gloucester, the Reverend Charles Whatley, Vicar of the same Parish, Thomas Collett, John Hanks, John Williams, William Williams, John Wood, John Blagg, John Brettle, Francis Blagg, and the Reverend William Key, Clerk, Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Guiting Power, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Parish there are several Open Arable and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

otherwise Bishops Knoyie, in the County of Wilts, and the humble Petition of the Reverend John Savile Ogle,

Rector of the said Parish, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners ‘and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Tythings of Upton and Milton, in the said Parish of East Knoyie, otherwise Bishops Knoyie, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Tythings, certain Open and Common Fields, which are capable of great Improvement, and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, in Severalty, unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests therein; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Penruddocke Wyndham and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend John Skinner, Vicar, Sa- shrewton Di-tah Goddard, and' several other Persons, Owners and 1' °" .' Occupiers of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Shrew- tion. ton, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields and Downs,

Common Meadows, and other Open and Common Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, are inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested.if the same were divided and allotted amongst them in proportion to their several Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ' pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in i.obcumbe Execution Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Bridge Roads the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads lead- Petit 00-ing from Lokcombe Corner, in the Parish of to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Ann s Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Lan and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford afor.elaid, through Ower and Tejlzvood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, and the other passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for continuing

and

Link Snoring Incloliire Petition.

Waniford Bridge and Stamford Roads Petition.

38 Geo. III. 12° FebruafiL239 '

and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be' for repairing and widening the Road from Romsey, and given to bring in a Bill for the aforesaid, under Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Fry, to Lyndhurst, and from a Place called Hampton Order, That the said Petition be referred to the

Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southamp- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

ton, and for repairing th . Footways within the said mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it

City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting shall appear to them, to the House.

forth, That the Trustees appointed in, or by virtue of And it i9 referred to the Earl of Mr.

the above-mentioned Acts, have proceeded to put the Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, '

fame in Execution, and have borrowed large Sums of at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Camber; and

Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Roads/ and a considerable Sum still remains due, which

cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, A Petition of the Mantifafturers of Clocks, and Petition of

unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, Dealers in Clocks aiul Watches, in the Town and

and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: County of upon Tyne, and its Environs, was of Newcatile-

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of the said the Petitioners, at a general Meeting of the Trade, the Clock and

Acts, under and subject to such Regulations as to the held at Newcastle upon Tyne aforesaid, on the Twelfth Watch Duty

House shall seem meet. Day of October last, in consequence of an Act imposing Aa'

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, were unani-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa mously of Opinion, that, by the Operation of the said mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Act, the Trade had been very materially injured, and, shall appear to them, to the House: upon the most diligent and impartial Investigation of

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke.Wyndham, Mr. their several Situations, they found that, in most In-

Hobart, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- stances, their Trade had fullered a Diminution of at ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; least One Half, and, in many Cafes, it had decrealed and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- Two Thirds; and that, from the first Rumour of the cords. Augmentation of the Assessed Taxes, the Trade has

been regularly growing worse, and since the Bill has

A Petition of Sir Edward AJlley, of Melton Constable, passed into a Law they have been under the painful Ne-in the County of Norfolk, Baronet, Lord of the Manor ceflity of discharging many of their Workmen, thereby of Little Snoring, in the County of Norfolk, and of the depriving many Hundreds of industrious Men of the other Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed. Means of providing Bread for themselves and Families; being Owners and proprietors of divers Messuages, and that the Petitioners have presumed to lay a State of Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain their Grievances before the House, trusting that they Rights of Common within the Parish of Little Snoring, will take the same into their fe/ious Consideration: And, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, as it appears to the Petitioners that no Modification of and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said the Tax will be of any Service to them, they most Parish, sundry Tracts or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, earnestly entreat that the same may be totally re-and Pasture Land, Commons, and Waste Grounds, pealed. (

which are inconveniently situated for the respective Orde, That the said Petition be referred to the

Owners and Proprietors thereof, and, in their present Consideration of the Committee, to whom it is referred

State and Condition, yield but little Profit; and that it to consider of the several Petitions which have beeri

would be advantageous to the several Persons interested presented to the House in this Session of Parliament,

in the Premises if the same were divided, and specific praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last

Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled to, Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for grant-

and interested therein, according to their respective " ing' to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and

Estates, Rights, and Interests, and would also be of Pub- ‘ " Watches/ " And that they do examine the Matter of

lie Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear

given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under to them, to the House.

such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall ' ' /

seem meet. ' A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Alconbury

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing fe- Hansford suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. veral Roads in the County of Huntingdon, herein after Bridge Roads Hobart and Sir Martin Browne Fo/kes do prepare, and described, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Petltl0ni bring in, the fame. , ting forth. That several Acts have passed for repairing

the Roads from the White Pillar on Alconbury to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are IVansfotd Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act for from Stilton, in the same County, to the City of enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in borough, in the County of Northampton, during the the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of 'the Terms of Years therein mentioned, which are near Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road expiring; and that great Progress hath been made in front IVam ford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, the Execution of the said Acts, and several Sums of "to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Money have been borrowed, and are now due, on the Lincoln, and from Stanford to Bourn, in the said County, Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be and for repairing and widening the Road from the North repaid, nor the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless End of the Bridge to a Gate called Scotgate, in Stamford, the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further con-and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road, in the tinued and enlarged; and that it would be of Public Parish of Bourn, to the Market Cross in Bourn, was pre- Utility if a convenient Road was made from a Place fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, pur- called Holme Load, near the Town of Holme, to eoin-suant to the Directions of the said Act, a Progress hath municate with the aforesaid Road near a Place ( ailed been made in amending the Roads therein described; The Chain, extending about Otic Mile and an Half, all and that a considerable Debt hath befen contracted, in the Parishes of Glation and Holme, in the said which Hill remains due and cannot be paid off, nor can County of Huntingdon, and if the Provisions of the the said Roads be completely amended, and kept in Re- said Acts were extended to the said Branch of Road: pair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Vol. 53. > bring -

240

i2° Ftiru.

A. 1798.

bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, and for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Oraered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the famCj as as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Viscount Mr. Bakery &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

petition re0' Mr. Serjeant Adair reported from the Comrfiittee, to spefting hi» whom the Petition of ‘Thomas , of Fleet Street,

Lottery, re- London, Printfeller, was referred; That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings, as exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet Street, by Way of Chance, was read; whereby it is enacted, that the said Paintings should be disposed of by Way of Chance, and that the Number of Tickets should not exceed Two thousand Four hundred, to be numbered respectively One to Two thovfl'and Four hundred, at Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Ticket; and that Notice should be giveft in The London Gazette of , the Intention to dispose of the said Tickets; and that

the Whole of such Paintings should constitute Seventy-six Prizes only, to be determined by the First State Lottery to be. drawn after the passing of the said Act: And,

Mr. John Wakefield being examined, said. That he has conducted the Whole of the Business under the Authority of the said Act; and that the Petitioner hath not been able to fell more than Three Hundred and Forty, out of the Two Thousand Four Hundred Tickets limited by the said Act; and he added, That the Proceeding to the Drawing under the present Circumstances will be injurious to the Petitioner, and defeat the Object of the former Act, the Day appointed for the Drawing of the said Lottery by the said Act - being the 26th Day of this instant February.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Time limited for determining a Lottery, established under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to " dispose of his Collection of Modern Paintings, as " now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet Street, by Way " of Chance:" And that Mr. Serjeant Adair and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

KinmsMef°n Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House sage for grant- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ingan Annu- to take into Consideration His Majesty's Most Gracious coumjTJun- Message of Friday last, relating to His Majesty's Recan, deferred, commendation for granting an Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum to Viscount Duncan, and his

Two next succeeding Heirs Male, to whom the Title " of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House out a°Pto"or to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tion of the upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to order out a cer-SPPMftt£ tain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to

A Petition of Andrew Wool lams, William Banafier, Petition re-William Frederick Preedy, James Kingsbury, Benjamin Holland, Richard Edgecombe, William , Henry IVd- Elation for ling, Richard Jones, Samuel Jeynes, Michael Proder, Tewkefoury William Thomas, Edward Brydges, Thomas Hudfou, Isaac Turner, William Difston, James Kingsbury the Younger,.

Moses Goodere, Thomas Whithorn, and William Skeaving-ton, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Freemen and Persons felled of an Estate of Freehold in an entire Dwelling House within the ancient Limits of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of was delivered in at-the Table, and read; Setting forth,

That, by a late Resolution of a Select Committee of the House appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Peter Mcure and Philip Francis, Esquires, complain- ' . ing of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, and which, on the First Day of March last, was by them reported to the House, the Right of Election of Members. to serve in Parliament lor the said Borough is declared to be in the Freemen at large of the said Borough, and in all Persons leifed of an Estate of Freehold in an entire Dwelling House within the ancient Limits of the said Borough; and the Petitioners further shew, that, on the Twentieth Day of December lad, several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on'Behalf of themselves and others.

Freemen and Eledors of the said Borough of bury, presented their Petition to the House, Hating that they the said Petitioners w'ere advised that the Right of Election, lo determined by the said Selcdt Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough, and therefore, to prevent the Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, they the said Petitioners prayed the House, that they might be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that same made and provided, to oppose the Right of Election, in favour of which the said Select Committee have so reported:

And the Petitioners further shew, and humbly insist.

That the Right of Election, declared by the said Select Committee to be the Right of Election for the said Borough of Tewkesbury, is the true and anfcient Right of Election for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House a9 aforesaicj, and that they may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tin'[day, the 27th Day of this Inilant bruary, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, wdiofe Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, is"ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall- be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Considera-

tion,

3 8 Geo. III.

i 26 — 13° Februarii.

.241

tion, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker in The London and also sent to the -

Returning Officer o#the Borough of according to the Directions of art Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Stanton in- A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors cloture Pet5- 0f5 an(j Persons interested in the Open Fields, Commons; tton‘ and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of

Stanton, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth That there are'; -within the said Manor and Parish, several Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons;-and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, it would be of considerable Advantage to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Groiinds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Banbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

land Tax The House was moved. That the Order, made upon ie Twenty-first Day of December last, for the House

Bill, deterred, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty " by a Land Tax to be raised in Britain, for the

" Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-seven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, tg put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted ' as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will; upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Act relating The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Madded. jesty, intituled, "An Act more effectually to secure " the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending " several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs,"-rnight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lo much of the said Act as relates to the Performance of Quarantine.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

' Supply, defer- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to II is Majesty.

Vol. 53.

Resolved, Jhat this House will, upon iVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the i-ed.4"5' e' whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means fdt railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten- of the Clock.

Mart is y 13 die Feb;

Anno 38s Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Gloucester

whom the Petition of several Trustees for put- { nfre orted. ting in Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloti-cester towards Cheltenham and Tevckefburyin the County of Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Robert Pleydell Wilton being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the /

said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which has been duly applied according to the Direc- 1

tions thereo/; that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and that the Money now remaining due cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in' proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers of the said Act altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the ' ,

Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City- of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tezvkrsbury, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr Wyndhamdo prepare, and faring in, the fame.

A Bill to enlarge the Term£ and Powers of Two fe- Leeds, Han-o-veral Acts, the one made and passed in the Twenty- t'l rfdge fifth Year of his late Majesty King the Second, R0°ds b.u, *

and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of committed;

His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds through Harewood to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knarefbortingh and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill

of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor$ in the County of York; and for repairing the ' Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Kto po-roughbridge; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wi/berforce, &c.: And they are to meet - .

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the closure°Bili, R *

' 3 Q Manor committed.'

2Ai 13® February. A. 1798.

Manor and Townflaip of Overblow, in the Parish

of Kirkby Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry l afcelles, Mr. Wilberforce,8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

M-l-flo. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open committed. Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, raftures. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet ' this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

tceyworth in- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, committed! Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Key worth, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Harworth and A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Arundell, Sre Petition Lord Viscount Gallway, Lord of the Manor of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham, and the humble Petition of the Reverend William Downes, Vicar of Harworth aforesaid, the Reverend Robert Vicar of Blyth, in the said County of Nottingham, and of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townships of Harworth', Blyth, Stirrup, and Norney, in the Parishes of Harworth and Blyth aforesaid, or one of them, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the several Proprietors in the Open Fields in the said several Townships lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, at present, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that, if Power was given to allot, or divide and inclose, the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said several Townships, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave, may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, nurfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sowerbyln- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are tlonUre Peti thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, an Open Town Field called Sower by Town Field, a Stinted Pasture called The Ox Moor, and a Moor or Common called South in the Township of Sower by in the Parish of in the North

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said-Town Field, Stinted Pasture, and Moor or Common, contain together 1,000 Acres and upwards, and are at present in an Open Uninclosed State; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the Improvement thereof, and be a material Advantage to the Proprietors interested therein, as well as . of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Town Field, Stinted Pasture, and Moor or Common, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that 4

Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Wilb erforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of tire thereunder-signed Inhabitants of P« tion fig-the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Not- Notices had ting ham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting been given of forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the en or PNew-House on the 18th Day of December lath. Notices have ark-upon-been given at the Christmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the said County, and also in the Newspaper called The Nottingham 'journal, that Application is making, or intended to be made, to Parliament, this present Session, for a Bill for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing, the Streets, and other public Pillages in the Town of Newark upon Trent, and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat into the New Shambles there, and for regulating the said Market, and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, " An A die for the pavinge of " Newarke upon Trent, in the Countie of Nottulgham'' in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of Application intended to be made relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving, any City or Town; and that the said Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, being found very insufficient to answer the Purposes thereof, it is expedient the same should be repealed, and other Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regylations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. PercevMr. John Pitt, 8tc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Gordon, Esquire, Richard Bright, Portbury ini Esquire, and others, was presented to the House, and ° ire PeU read; Setting forth. That there are certain Moors,

Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being in the Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset, containing together, by Estimation, 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners, as Owners of Lands or Tenements within1 the said Parish, have in respect thereof a Right of Common in, over, and upon, the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands; and that it would be not only of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested therein if the same were divided and inclosed, but also of Public Utility:

And therefore praying. That, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Junior," do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition, of the several Persons, whose Names are Tweedmouth-thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands entitled titiotu to Right of Common on the Wastes and other Commonable Grounds, in the Chapelry of Tweedmouth, and County of Durham, herein after described, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Chapelry, a Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Tweedmouth, and Spittal Common, ./and several other- Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present State, are of little Value, but, if divided and inclosed, would be capable

8 Geo. III. 139 Februm. 343

ble of great Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for dividing, allotting, indoling, and improving, the said Coipmop, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds in the said Chapelry, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Ants that Mr, Burdon and Mr. Brandling dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr.Made.lin'$ Mr. Serjeant Adairpresented to the House, accord-pre\«ned.lU' ng to Order Bill for extending the Time limited for determining a Lottery established under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thjrty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his Collection of " modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in " Fleet Street, by Way of Chance:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Crkkiey Hill A Petition of the several Persons, whose Name? are kadf&c there111110 subscribed, the acting Trustees, appointed Roads Peti- in or by the several Acts therein mentioned, was pre-

«i°n. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by

an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth \ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Top of , in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg-Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and , and Parishes of

Handborough and Bladon, to in the Parish of

Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham, Cumner, and to the City of Oxford, several Powers were given, and certain Tolls granted, to the Trustees therein named, for 3 Term of Twenty-one Years; and that, by an Act, palftd, in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of hi? said late Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, the said Act was continued for the further Term of Five Years; and that, by another Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, except so much thereof as relate? to the Road from Witneythrough Ensham, Cumner, and Bothy, to the City of Oxford, and for repairing and widening the Road from Campsfield to the Turnpike Road at or near Enflow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford, several further Powers were granted, and the said Act was further continued for Twenty-one Years, which Term is now nearly expired; and that the Moppy borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, still remains dye, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good and sufficient Repair, unlpfs the Terrp and Powers granted by the said Act are further, continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the before-mentioned Acts, for Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the faipe, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fane, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, -at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perlbps, Papers, and Records.

Kind's Mef- . Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the la e for grant- House, That he had a Message from H1? Majesty to kvwEarlnU" this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented Saint Vincent, the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker Yol. 53.

(all the Members of the HoUfe being 'uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEQB, GE R.

His Majesty having taken into. His Royal CojiG-deration the eminent and Ggn.a! Service, performed by John Earl Saint Vincent, one. of the Admirak of the Bfue, off Cdpe Saittf Vincent, on the Coast of

in an Engagement, in the Month of February last, with a Spanish Fleet under the Command of Don de Cordova, npt oply highly honourable to himself, but greatly beneficial to I-fis Majesty's Kingdoms and being defirpt ? to bpftow upon the said John Rad Saint,

Vincent some considerable and lifting Marfc of His Royal Favour, as a Testimony of His Majesty'? Approbation of the said Service, and for this Purpost tg> give and grant unto the said John Earl Saint, and to the Two next succeeding Heirs Male p£ the Body of the said John Earl Saint Vincent, to whom, the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, for and during the it Lives, a Net Annuity of Twq thousand pounds per Annual: But His Majesty not having it in His. Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the.

Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of His own Life, recommends it to His faithful Commons tp confide? of a proper Method of enabling Hi? Nflryeffy to grant the fame, and of extending, securing, and settling such Annmty to the said Joint, Rati Saiii; Vincent, and to the Two next Persons on whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, 40 such Manner as shall be thought most effectual, foF the Benefit of the said John Earl Saint Vincent and his Family q

Ordered, That His Majesty's ftid most Gracious'

Message be referred t;o the Conficjeration of the Committee of the whole House, tb' whom it i? referred to cpqfidef of His Majesty's most Gracious Mdfage of Friday last, relating to His Majesty's Recommendation for granting an Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per A nnitm to Adam Viscount Duncan, and his Two next succeeding Heirs Male, (o wfiorp the Tjtft of Viscount Duxtan shall defeend *

Sir Charley Bunbury presented to the House, accord- Stanton tn. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, clo ur' ®iU the Common Fields, Half Year or Shacft Lands, Lam- preene ' mas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton, in the County of Suffolk: And thp same was received; and read the First Time. /

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second Tim?.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Billfortatiing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to a0f enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of suppkmen-the Supplementary Militia, and tb provide for the ne- wry Militia, cessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies repo of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith, was committed, the Amendment? which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed tb by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-, grafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Pfty, for the House Committee orf to refojve it ft If in, to a pommjttee of the whole Houft, to conilder of so tpueh of an Act, Piade in the Twenty-

eighth

\ '

Inilructions.

Committee on Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes, &c.

Committee

appointed to prepare Militia Estimate.

Ifelin and Eckcnftein's Nat. Petition *

Fournier's Nat. Bill, presented.

244 130 — 14 0 FebA. 1798.

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws " relating to the Revenue of Customs," as relates to the Performance of Quarantine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of preventing the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of permitting Coffee and Cocoa, warehoused on Importation, to be carried Coast-wifefor the greater Convenience of Exportation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of preventing Vessels li'censed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of preventing Frauds in Packages permitted to be landed by Bills at Sight or View. v

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him' to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Tfie House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which, arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Praed took the Chair.of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1798.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Mr. S/caue, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Frederick Ifelin and Daniel fiein, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir John H do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Lezvis Fournier: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' _ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 14° die Februarii;

Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

R. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Emberton in the Bill for dividing and inclosing t lie Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Emberton, in the county of,

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- . rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Oxford R«ada thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of a certain Turn- petition pike Road leading from Friar Bason's Study, in or near the City of Oxford, to the Mayor's Stone, at the End of the Vineyard, in the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and also the Road from the Top of HinckfeyHill to Foxcomb Hill Gate, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads, leading from a, Place called Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hincksey Hill to Foxccmb Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Faringdon, in the County of Berks; and that the Term and Powers of the said Act were enlarged by another Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said Roads were divided into Two Districts, called The Oxford D ft riel and The Abingdon Dislrifl, and the ltoads within each District were made entirely independent of each other, and put under the Care and Management of separate Trustees; and that considerable Sums of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, and charged on the Tolls arising within the said Oxford DiJlriR, whereof the Petitioners are TrusteCs, still remain due and owing, and such Sums cannot be paid off, and the Road within the said Oxford effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of- the said Acts, relating to the said last mentioned District, be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

tftlin and EcJcen stein's Nat. Billj relented.

Southwark Roads Bill, presented *

BUI'to regulate the 1 rial of Causes, &c. reported.

fcopies of Decrees relative to the Purchase of Lands for Securing Batteries, &c. presented.

foenton Inclosure Petition.

38 GEO. III. 14 Febru445

.mine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Ifelin and Daniel Eckenjlein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, S out Invar k, to Lilli put Hall Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from Street, in,

to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same and other Roads adjoining: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Praed, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next,

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, by His Majesty ? Command,

Copy of the Decree of the Commissioners empowered by His Majesty for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon, so far as relates to the Lands to be purchased in the County of DevoniAnd also.

Copy of the Decree of the Commissioners empowered by His Majesty for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon, so far as relates to the Lands to be purchased in the County of Kent.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read *

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Earl of Carlisle, and the humble Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Manors of Upper Denton and Nether Denton, within and Parcel of the Barony of Gilfland, in the county of,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there arc, within the said Manors, several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Vol. 53. _ .

Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights, it would greatly tend to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efTefting the Purposes above-mentioned, l'ubjeft to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hufkiffon, Lord Viscount Morpeth, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved Itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, to take into Confi- f0 Icl‘ deration His Majesty's most Gracious Messages of Friday granting An-and Tuesday last, relating to His Majesty's Recom-

mendation for granting an Annuity of Two Thousand can, and Saint Pounds per Annum to Adam Viscount , and his v"«At.

Two next succeeding Heirs Male, to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend; and also, for granting an Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds per Annum to John Earl Saint Vincent, and his Two next succeeding Heirs Male, to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning *

Ordered, That the Reverend Charles Moss, Doctor Dr. Moss to in Divinity, One of the Canons Residentiary of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, be desired.to preach before the House, at Saint Ma-Jler, upon fVedne/day, the 7th Day of March next, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fall: And that the Mailer of the Rolls and Sir William Dolben do acquaint him therewith.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole { r s d ‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable His Bill for calling Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Sup- Soi of the°r plementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary supplemen-Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of I 1‘tia Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report on Act the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider ftlne of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth deferred. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act more effectually to secure the Performance " of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs," as relates to the Performance of Quarantine, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

3 R Jovis,

246

Jovis, 150 Februarii;

Anno 38 Georgii III111 Regis, 1798.

Pray ers-

Fournier, OHNLewis Fournier took the Oaths appointed, in sworn. , y order to his Naturalization.

1798.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according sowerby in-

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, closure Bill, the Open Town Field called Sowerby , a certain present'd‘ Stinted Pasture, called The Ox M, and a Common or Moor called South Moor, and other Waste Grounds, _ within the Township of Sowerby, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

150 Febru,

Gloucester Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Roads Bill, Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

pre en e . enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Eighteenth

Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, for repairing ' and widening the Roads leading from the City of

cester, towards Cheltenham and , in the County of Gloucester 1 And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Guiting Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to

Bii pre- rders a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open, Arable, i«nted. ' and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Guiting Power, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Weminck's A Petition of John Gottlob of Plymouth, in

Nat. Petition. t]ie County of Devon, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That.Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Pfayer of the said Petition: And that Mr, John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Most Noble William Duke of Hartingtoo Devonshire, Knight of the most noble Order of the <J°fure Pc~ Garter, Lord of the Manor of Hartington, in the Parish of Harrington, in the County of De, and the humble Petition of Hugh Bateman, Esquire, and others, on Be half of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates, within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Parish, certain Common and Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the Whole, x 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Property of the Petitioners, and all other Persons having Rights or Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Melne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition And that Mr. George Walpole, Lord George Auguflm Henry dish, and Mr. Coke, of Derby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Bray- Mr. Atmefley reported from the Committee, to whom Brooke's the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to reported and enable the Right honourable Richard Aldworth Lord naiTed. Braybrooke, Baron of Braybrooke, and Richard Neville,

Henry Neville, George Neville, and William and

all and every other Son and Sons of the said Richard Aldworth Lord Braybrooke, and their Issue Male, respectively, when- they shall respectively become beneficially entitled to the Pofiession, or to the Rents and Profits, of certain Estates devised by the Will of the late Right honourable John , Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braybrookdeceased, or shall become entitled to the Peerage of the Barony of Braybrooke in Pofiession, to use and take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Griffin, pursuant to the said Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and , that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley dp carry the Bill to the . Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Emberton in- An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Blll» Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, lying and being within the t Manor and Parish of Emberton, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Emberton, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. of Lancashire, do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Manners Sutton reported from the Committee, to Newark whom the Petition of the there-undersigned Inhabi- uponTmit tants -of the Parish of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee'had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Edward Smith Godfrey, Esquire, produced to your Committee, Copy of a Notice, which he affixed, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House on the 18th Day of December last, on the Doors of the Sessions Houses, at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions, for the County of

Nottingham, of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets and other public Passages in the Town of Newark upon Trent, and for removing the Market for Butcher's Meat into the New Shambles there; and for regulating the said Market; and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

" An Acte for the Pavinge of Newarke upon Trent, in the Countie of NottinghamAnd,

Three Newspapers, called The Nottingham Journal, of the 30th of December, and the 6th and 13th of January last, were produced, containing the like Notice of the said Application.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 18th Day of December last, was made from the Committee to w'hom the Petition of the thereunder signed Inhabitants of the Parish of Newark upon in the County of Nottingham, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fop the better paving, lighting, and cleansing of the Streets,

Lanes,

38 Geo. III. 150 Februari 247

.Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of ham, and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town, and for regulating the said Market, and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-feYenth Year of the Reign ot her late Majesty Queen intituled, " An Ache for the Pavinge of upon

* Trent, in the Countie of Nottingham And that Mr. Manners Sutton and Mr. Douglas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petitions from ' A Petition of the Manufacturers and Venders of Liverpool and Clocks and Watches, and of the Tools and Materials forrepelof concerned therein, resident in the Town and Neigh-the Clock and bourhood of Liverpool, in the County of Watch Duty wj10fe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trade of the Petitioners is very materially injured in Consequenceof an Act, passed in the last Session, for imposing certain Duties on Clocks and Watches; and that the Sale of every Description of those Articles is extremely reduced, and of Gold Watches for the Home Trade in particular is very nearly annihilated, whereby they are deprived of the most respectable as well as more profitable Branch of their Trade, and the Revenue mult in Consequence lose the Advantage of a considerable Amount of Duty which might be paid on Gold and Silver manufactured into WatchGafes; and that a very great Number of ingenious Artificers are deprived of Employ, and many of them, from the Habits produced by their Business, are incapable of applying themselves to other Kind of Labour: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be taken into the serious Consideration of the House, and that it may be repealed.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of, and Dealers in Clocks and Watches, resident within the City of Edinburgh and its Vicinity, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Tax imposed in the last Session on Clocks and Watches has not only affected and depressed the Manufacture in general, but has bore particularly hard ou the Workmen engaged in every Branch of the Trade, many of whom, who formerly supported themselves and Families in Credit and Comfort, are <now reduced, through Want of Employ, to the greatest Distress; and that most of the Petitioners, since the Commencement of the Tax, have experienced a Decrease fully of an Half, and others of Two Thirds, of their Trade, while, to the Dealers in Gold Watches, the Tax has operated almost to a Prohibition, and they are now loaded with an un-saleable Stock; the Consequences are, that many Journeymen have been discharged, others reduced short on Piece-working, and unless some Relief be granted, the Apprentices must soon be turned to other Occupations, a Set of ingenious Workmen, possessed of important and valuable Knowledge, driven from the Country, and the Petitioners cortipelled to relinquish their Business altogether: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to reppal the said Act.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the > several Petitions which have been presented to

the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for "granting to His Majesty certain Duties on " Clocks and Watches :" And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Abingdon A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Roads Peti- thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of a certain Turnpike Road leading from the Mayor's Stone at the End of the Vineyard, in the Borough of in

VOL.53.

the County of Berks, to Chilton Pond, in the said County, called The Abingdon Diflticl, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study, to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hincksey Hill to Foxcomb Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Furringdon, in the County of Berks; and that the Term and Powers of the said Act were enlarged by another Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said Roads were divided into Two Districts, called The Oxford DiJlriB and The Abingdon DiJlriEl, and the Roads within each District were made entirely independent of each other, and put under the Care and Management of separate Trustees; and that considerable Sums of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, and charged on the Tolls arising within the said Abingdon Dislritt, whereof the Petitioners are Trustees, still remain due and owing, and such Sums cannot be paid off, and the Road within the said Abingdon Dislriil effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, relating to the said last mentioned District,.be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: . *

And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Mr. Shaw - .

fevre, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Earl of Stapleton in-Carlisle, and the humble Petition of several Owners and ° re peti Proprietors of Lands and Estates within that Part of the Manor of Ajkerton, in the Barony of Giljland, which lies within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grolinds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights, it would greatly tend to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

HuJki£'on, Mr. Hobart, and Lord Viscount Morpeth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- £'"f r0j e< ferred to take into Consideration His Majesty's most gating An-Gracious Messages of Friday and Tuesday last, relating unities to to His Majesty's Recommendation for granting an An- Lords.

-Jr & o can, and Saint

nuity or I wo lhouland rounds to Adam Vincent.

Viscount Duncan, and his Two next succeeding Heirs Male to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall de-feend; and also, for granting an Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds per Annum to John Earl Saint Vincent, and his Two next succeeding Heirs Male, to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in.his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read,; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Thatjt is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Annual Sum of Two Thousand Pounds be granted

Bill for calling out a Proportion of the Supplementary Militia,

palfed.

Letters, &c. between Sir John Wentworth and the Duke of Portland, ordered.

150 Februatii. A. 1798.

granted to His Majesty, out of the Consolidated Fund, to commence from the 14th Day of February 1797, and be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon the present Earl Saint Vincent, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Saint to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annual Sum of Two Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, out of the Consolidated Fund, to commence from the nth Day of October 1797, and be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon the prefect Viscount Duncan, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male, of the Body of the said Viscount Duncan, to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time, waSj upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Con

The other of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr; Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The ingrafted Bill to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for granting an Allowance to Persons called out in the Supplementary Militia.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following Were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 13. To leave out " is," and insert " may " be," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of Militia, by incQrporating the Supplementary Militia therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extrad of a Letter from Sir John , Baronet, to

his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 7th May 1797. N° 44.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,.an Extrad of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to Sir John Wentworth, dated June 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 2d June 1797, N" 45, and of its Inclosures.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 10th July 1797, N° 49.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to his Grace the Duke of Portland; dated 12th August 1797, N® 50, and of its Inclpfures numbered 1 and 2.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an 3

Extract of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 4th November 1797,

N 53, and a Copy of its inclosufe.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on A<3 Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Q Vne. ferred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act more effectually to secure " the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs," as relates to the Performance of Quarantine, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to Re- port to the House; which he read in his Place;-and. afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to amend so much of an Act; made in the Twenty-eighth Year of, the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Qua-, rantine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That Provision be made more effectually to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that Coffee and Cocoa, ware-housed on Importation, be permitted to be carried Goaftwife for the greater Convenience of Exportation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Commissioners of the Customs be authorized to return the Duties of Customs which shall have been paid on Goods imported, and which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to prevent Vessels, licensed by the Admiralty, from being engaged in any other Trade or Employment than such as shall be permitted by their Licences.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made, for iubjeding to Forfeiture all 'Goods prohibited or concealed, which shall be found in Packages landed by Bills at Sight or View.

The Five First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Five First of the said Resolutions, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long; and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Order,- made upon Committee on Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, Committeeoa to consider of the several Reports, which, in the last £inan«of Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Com- deferred! ' mittee, who were appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they flood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th o i J 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of.

.January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public jDebt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Ex- *

pences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798,

as.

38 Geo. Ill

i50 Februarii.

as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with 'the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and who were instructed to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Redu&loti of the Public Debt since the 5th of 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who were also instructed to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be disch rged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Accounts.&c. Command, presented s

An Account of the Balance due on the Account of Mint, the Expences of His Majesty's Mint for the Year 1797: And also.

An Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred Prosecutioni, for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this ftc;Kre tSng Kingdom in the Year 1796: And also, _ ° °m‘

Estimate of the Charge of printing this Journals of Printing 1 the House of Commons, of printing and delivering Jouai«, &c. the Votes, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, for the '

Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the probable Expences of the Year Ixpencwof 1798, arising from the Execution of the Provisions of AJiett Act-the Alien Act.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimates were read.

The said Accounts and Estimates are as followeth;

viz. '

An ACCOUNT of the Balance due on the Account of the Expences of His Majesty's Mint, for the

Year 1797.

— — — — a ..... — — - — »

Thirteen Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Pounds Eighteen Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

15th February 17981 Charles Long.

<;== aa=3

An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of

this Kingdom in the Year 1796.

£. S. di £ d-

For defraying the ~Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c< re lating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1796 - 1,862 11 3

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof, and also of the Sum of 1,811. \is. id. on Account of the like Service in the Years 1792 and 1793, and of the Sum of £.1,154. 12J. 4 on Account of the like Service in the Year 1794 - * -» - - - - 161 9 6 2,024 — 9

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 15 th February 1798.

Charles Long.

t

ESTIMATE of the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1 798.

Seven Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, February 15 th, 1798.

Charles Longi

VOL. 53

3 S ESTIMATE

CarliHe and Pen nil Roads Petition.

ComBe Bridge and Bradford Koids Petition.

250 150 — 16° Februarii. A. 1798.

ESTIM ATE of the probable Expences, of \the Year 1798, arising from the Execution of the Provisions of

the Alien Ad.

f 1 ' ‘ 1 ' — '

Two Thou&nd Six Hundred Pounds.

Whitehall,

X5th February 1798.

J. King,

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimates do Staverton , and to the Trowbridge Road on lie upon ,the Table, jto be perused by the Members of Common, and also, the Road from Bradford Bridge to the House. Cock hill , all in the County of Wilts, and for making effectual Provision for maintaining a bridge over the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow River Avon, at in the same County; and that

Morning, Ten of the Clock. another Act was made, in the Thirty-second Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the bottom of

Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilto join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown. at or near Bat/ford Bridge, in the county of ; and that, undei the Powers '

given by the above-mentioned Acts, the Roads therein described have been made, widened, and repaired, and largfj Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which now remain dua; and that the Mo-

A PETITION of several of the Trustees appointed nies due and owing on the Credit of the said recited to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Acts cannot be re-paid, nor the said Roads kept in Re-Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the pair, unless the Terms thereof are continued; and that Second,- and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of the said several Roads might be much better maintained His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from and kept in Repair if they were made one Trust, and the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the the several Powers and Provisions requisite for that Pur-County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of pole included in one Ad; and that the Road beginning Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of at the Turnpike Gate in > Saint Margaret's Street, in the

Cumberland and Westmoreland, was presented to the Town of Bradford, and ending at or near a House, late

House, and read; hunting forth. That the Trustees have in Occupation of the Reverend Edward Spencer, on prqceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and bor- Wingfield Common, and the Road from the Top of the rowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of said Cane, called Mason's Lane, to or near a certain the Tolls authorized to be cplleded upon the said Spot on ,whereon Three Oaks formerly

Roads, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, grew; and also, the Road from the New Road at or and the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, near a Place called Pollocks, through Woolley, to the unless the . Term granted by the said Acts is further Old Road at a Place called Forewood's Common, and the' continued, and lotne of the Powers thereof altered Lane called Budbury Lane, leading from the said Old and enlarged: An,d therefore praying. That Leave may Road on the Top of Palmers Lane to the New Road be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the at or near a Place called Says Green, are very much out Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the of Repair, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and laid Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regula- Carriages, and cannot be properly amended, widened, t tions, as to the House shall seem meet. and kept in Repair, by the Ordinary Course of Law j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and that it would be for the Benefit and Convenience Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa- of the Neighbourhood, and of all l'ersons having Oc-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall casion to pass along the fame, if Provision was made appear to them, tathe House: ' for including the said Roads in the said Bill: And

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Sir Henry Fletcher, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under proper Re-Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and gulations.

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-A Petition of the several Mortgagees of the Tolls mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall granted by the Two Acts of Parliament herein after appear to them, to the House:

mentioned, and of the Persons whose Names are there- And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Goddard, &c.:

unto subscri.bed, residing in and near the Town of Brad- And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine ford, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, made, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road A Petition of the Manufacturers, Dealers, and other Petition from

from Combe Bridge, through, Winflcy and Bradford, to Persons employed in the making of Clocks and Watches, j eafafth *

d- resident Clock and

Watch Duty

' - asu

Veneris, 160 die Februarii; Anno 38® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

35 Geo. III. i6° fiebruanu 'ag *

'fefident in the City of Carlisle and the Vicinity theredf, in the County of Cumberland, whose Names are there-tmto'subscrtbed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting foFth, That in consequence of the Act, passed in the last: Session, for granting to 'Mis Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, the Petitioners have sustained great Losses: That, should this Aftcoritinue in force, they will daily be exposed to still greater Hardships, and that, from the Eftefts already produced, they entertain the most alarming Apprehensions of the ©anger to which they will be subjected; and that, fmee the passing of the said Act, the Petitioners have, with Touch Anxiety, observed a gradual inereale in itsinju-tiotis'Operations, and that it appears from Experience that, prior to the Month of November last, a Diminution df -more than One -Half had ‘taken prlace in the Making of Clocks and Watches, and that the Manufacture and Sale thereof generally -has iirice 'deCreased, tend continues diminishing so rapidly, that thfe Home Trade must very soon be nearly annihilated; and that the Artificers in all the Branches of the Clock and Watch Manufactory, from the Causes before mentioned, tannot obtain Employment, and, if speedy and effect-tual Relief be not granted tottye Petitioners, they most seriously apprehend a great and continued Decrease, tend eventually an entire Destruction of their Trade: That the Home and Foreign Trades are particularly connected, so far as regards the instruction and Employment of the Workmen, because, the Foreign Trade being only periodical, the Manufacturers cannot, without the Home Trade, employ the Workmen at those Times when they are not getting up and executing the Orders for Foreign Markets; and that the Cotton and Woollen Manufactories are entirely indebted for the State of Perfection to which the Machinery used therein is now brought to the Clock and Watch Makers, great Numbers of whom have, for several Years past at Times, been employed in inventing and constructing as well as superintending such Machinery, and that those Persons, from their Want of Employment in the Clock and Watch Trades, will be induced to emigrate, and carry with them the important Knowledge; not only of improving and encouraging, but establishing Cotton and Woollen Manufactories Abroad, which the Petitioners submit will certainly be very prejudicial to the Commercial Interest of this Country; and that the Manufactory of Clocks and Watches must appear of great and 'peculiar National Importance when it is considered how many Thousands of Artificers are employed therein, and that, through the more productive Operation of their Labour, British Metals are rendered from Fifty to Five Hundred, and progressively in-many Instances more than One Thousand Times the original Value; and that, from these Considerations, the Petitioners are actuated, by Motives of Duty as well as Interest, to Jay the foregoing Statement of Fasts before the House,. and, at the same Time that they entreat its Interference by granting them Relief, to declare they are desirous to contribute their full pecuniary Proportion to the Exigencies of the State and the Constitution, but, unless the said Act be repealed, they will be totally unable so to do: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, and that the Petitioners may, if necessary, be heard, by themselves and Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of this their Application.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches:" And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

VOL. 53.

Mr. Hobart fpresented so the House, according to ‘Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing tile Moors, Corh-moiis, and Waste Grounds, within that Part of the Manor of Ajketton, in the Barony of Gil (lav cl, which lies within the Parish of Stetpletin, in the County of Cum-

berland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bte Heiad a Second Titne.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors 'df 'Upper Denton and Nether Denton, Wfthifi, anti Parcel of, the Barony df Giljland, in the Cotirfty oi'Cumberland': And the Tame Was received;, hnd read 'the First Titne.

f&solved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition df several Inhabitants o‘f the Parish 6f Walcot, 'rnthfe County of Somerfwho pay so the Poors

'Rates of that Parish, was prerented to thb House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish hath of late tonfidetttbly tncreased in Buildings anti inhabitants, and the priHent Workhouste is insufficient to contain and employ the numerous Poet of that Parish: And that it would tend to the better Relief and Employ ment of tire Poor, and bte beneficial to the inhabitants of the said Parish, if acdfrimodious Workhousfe White provided tire rein, and proper Powers given for governing, maintaining, and regulating, the Poor thereof: And therefore prayirtg, That Leave may be giveh to bring in 'a Bill for efftfting the Purposes aboye mentioned!! under such Regulations and Restrishons as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Water Works and Water Houses in was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of certain Water Works and Water Houses, established in the Parish of Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, which Works have been carried on under the Authority of an Act made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, to the present Time, and the said Parish, and several ofher Neighbouring Parishes, have been supplied with Water from the said Works by Means of Engines, Pipes, and Citterns, erected and laid for the Passage and Conveyance of Water, to the great Accommodation of the Inhabitants in the said Parishes, and at the great Expence and Rilk of the Petitioners and their Predecessors; and that the said Works have been found to be of great Public Utility, upon the Succels whereof depends the Health and Comfort of many Thousands of the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, &c. and for other Purposes, in the said Parish of Shadwell, and other Parishes adjoining thereto; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be very much injured in their Property, their Works destroyed, and the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood deprived of their Comforts, and be put to the greatest Inconvenience: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons,

Cuts,

Stapleton In-cluiure Bill, presented.

Denton Inclo-stire Bili, presented.

Walcot Poor Petition.

Petition f in the Sir: 'v-dl W ater Y\ ork« Con.pany against London Docks, &c. BUI.

t

Norwood Inclosure Petition»

5$ i68 FebfudriL i 798.

Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, be read a Second Time j and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several, other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other flights, within and upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Precinct of ,- in

the Parish of Hayes, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Lands and Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners, and of all the other Proprietors, within the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed, and inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, it would be of great Benefit to them, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Praed do prepare, nd bring

in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr; from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account, from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.3,369,218. 3 3 in One Year, from February 3d 1797 to January 31st 1798, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of £ 931,584. 9j. 3 received, to be received, and to be applied, in the Quarter between 1 ft: February and eft May 1798: Andalfo,

An Account of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction, or on the Account of, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made payable and paid at the Bank of England, from the ill Jamary 1797 to the 31st December following, indufive. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An

Accounts pre-. lented:

Reduction of

National

Debt.

Bills of Et-change accepted and paid at the Bank.

D

CQ'

H-

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

?r

O

t *

In

u

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.3,369,218. 3. 3i. in One Year, from February 3d 1797 to January 31st 1798, by the Commissioners appointed

by 26th Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt.

D".

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

To Cash paid for the following Stock purchased as the Ad directs; £. e. d.

Capital Stock.

£ s. d. \

x,70i,358 — — Consolidated £. 3per Cent. Annuities - - - 844,926 13 7

2,125,697 ~ Reduced Annuities Consolidated - ----- - 1,071,778 14 s

43,600 — — Old South Sea Annuities - -- 21,825 12 6

49»75 — — New Stutb Sea Annuities - -- 4,733 6

18,600 £-lp r Cent. Annuities 1751 ----- -. 9.170 17 6

£3.93 405 — — - >97 >435 6

By Calli received at sundry Times; wz.

From the Exchequer, being Poor Quarterly Issues ——

D® - - - being an additional Iflae' ——

For 6 Months Interest on 10,143,575. Consolidated £.3 per Cent Annuitiesrdue 5th January 1797 -

UJ.

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793:

74,264 — — Consolidated3per Cent. Annuities £. 37,946 14 8 73,767 — — Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 36,416 1 2

i.0 36 -

Carried over - - - £

D®

D®

D®

D®

1>

D®

, D®

D®

D°

D°

D®

1,775,606, New $ «/£ Annuities -508,000. £.3 /> r Cent. Annuities 1751 5,117,137. Re....

I>

D®

educed Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1797 - - - ' .

2,167,500. Old South Sea Annuities - - D®

507.000. £.4 /er C«r/. Annuities - D°

11,781,410. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th y /? 1797 -

1.802.000. New South Sea Annuities - - - D®

514.000. £. 3 prr Cwr/. Annuities 1751 -- D® - -

6,222,137. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1797 -

2.198.000. Old South Sea Annuities - D® - .

507.000. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - - D® - - - „

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Annuities on Lives payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for?

Years before the 5th January 1797 - - - - .

D° - x - - being the Amount of Annuities on Lives expired between the 5th January 1786 and the cth

January 17975 viz *

Anno £. j

174$ - - - - .....- - 1.899 ——

>746 ----- .....5,422 ,0 _

757 - - - -..... - - - 4 920 7 6

778 .....- - - - . 171 13 —

1779 - - - - " " - 574 — —

D° being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, which expired 5th February i 2

For 99 Years.....£ 48,515 2 c )

96 Years -.....' 6,365 j2

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuities 1777....

C

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 6,250,000 Consolidated £ 3 per Cent. Annuities - - 62,50a

For 6 Months Interest on £. 205,035. Consolidated £. 3 per Vent. Annuities due 5th January

1797 - - -..... 3 75

D° - - 154,379. Reduced Annuities Consolidated due 5th 1797 - 2.313

D® - - - -241 414. Consolidated £.3 fer Cent. Annuities, due 5th July

1797 - - - - 3>6 i

D° - - - - 190,025. Reduced Annuities,. Consolidated, due 10th October

797 -.....2,830

10 6 >3 8

4 2

7 6

1,000,000 — —

200,000 — —

152,153 I 6 26,625 — —

7,620 ——

76,757 1 <

32,512 to —

10.140 — —

176.721 3 —

27,030 ——

7,710 ——

93-33 1 32,970 ——

10.140 — — -

25,855 10 —

Carried over -

12,987 10 6

54,880 14 5 25,000 — —

'-972.435

2 6

74,362 tj 10

2,046,797 18 4

00

o

m

O'

Os

r

1:

cn

£. 4.086,436 Brought oyer - -

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 17941

184,955 — — Consolidated £. j per Cent. Annuities 94,505 is 2

92,174 — — Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 94,918 13 6

£ d.

2,046,797 18 4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

Brought over -

189,424 5 8

From -the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of£. 1 per Cent. per Annum towards the Redemption of £. 11,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ' -

D° on £. 2,750,000. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities ——

D° on the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of.11/. 5 d. per Cent. on

£. 11,000,000. for 661 Years - - - -.....-

D® ----- ----£-1,926,525. 12. 5. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and

Victualling Bills' - -

For 6 Months Interest on 330,799. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1797 jyo . 34.3,4.13. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1797 -

D° - - - - 421,400. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1797

D° - - - 436,324. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th Ufieber 1797

£. /. d.

110,000 — — > 27,500 ——

9,680 — —

19,265 5 -

4961 19 8

S51 3 ,0-

6,321 ——

6,544 17 2

,046,797 18

'r

4 c_n

189,424 5 8

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1795:

ON ACCOUNT OF.LOAN 1795:

285,736 — — Consolidated £. 3 per Annuities 146,002 — 11 297,041 — — Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 146,637 13 4

2921639 14

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. I per Cent, per

Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 18,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - 180,000 — —

D° - -- - 6,000,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - . - - 60,000 — — '

D° on the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9/. 6d. per Cent. on

£. 18,000,000, for 651 Years - - -.....12,835 ~ —

D° - - £. 1,609,897. 17. I. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills ----- ----- --- - 16,098 19 6

For 6 Months Interest on £. 314,517 Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January

1797 47 7 5 *

D° - - - 333»92 - Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1797 - 5,008 16 3

D° - - - 454,487. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1797 - 6,817 6 1

D° - - - - 477 458. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10thQfiober 1797 - 7,161 17 4

292,639 14 3

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

318,244 — — Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 162,610 12 8 , 337>8 u — - Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 166,764 4 9

3 9)374 7 S

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.21,600,000. £.3 //r Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 0»r. Annuities, for of a Year, ending 30th April 1797 -

D® ----- --on 21,595,800 - - - D° for \ of a Year, ending 31st January 1798 -

D° - - - on the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6s. 6 d. per Cent. on £. 18,000,000. for 64 - Years -- -' -

D° ----- --on £. 4 4,074. 4. 6. £.5 /rr Cr«/. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 116,074. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5 th January

1797. ' - -

D® - - - 251,210. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1797 -

D° - - - 271,977. Consolidated £. j per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July

797 - - - . ....

D® - - - 414,448. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due icth Ogcber 1797

54,000 — — 161,968 10

8,460 — —

44,140 14 10

1,741 2 2

3 768 3 —

4,079 13 1

6,216 14 4

3 9 37+ 7 5

16° Februarii. A. 1798

D

eg'

! n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

t-

O N AC COUNT OF LOAN 1796, for £. 7,500,000 j

110470 ~ — Consolidated £. 3 per Cent, Annuities 56,449 4 10 117,042 — Reduced Annuities Consolidaxed - - 57,778 4 5

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

293,553 — 33» S ° —

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent Annuities 149,128 3 3

Reduced Annuities Consolidated - 166,285 — i|

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797, for£. 14,500,000: 148,907 Reduced Annuities Consolidated - -

II4>227 9 3

3 S»4I3 3 4l

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797: 20,568 — — Imperial JT.3 per Cent.Annuities -

£ 6-73,>557 -

W

72,167 10 —

9.173 s

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796 for 7,500,000.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, at the Rate of £. i per Cent. per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 9,000,000 £. 3 per Cent. Annui ies, to be added to Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, for of a Year, ending 30th April 1797 ——

~ ~ 8,934,200 - - - D° for of a Year, ending 31st January 1798

1,875,000 - - - £ per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Reduced

D°

D°

on £. on

Annuities Consolidated, for \ of a Year, ending 30th /r/7 1797

3,369,218 3 31

D° - - on 1,859,625 - - - D° for of a Year, ending 31st January 1798

D° - - on the adaal Value, at the E«d of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 5 /. 6d. per Cent.

on £. 7,500,000, for 63 \ Years - -

For 6 Months Interest on 49,940. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due April 1797 -

D° - - - on 54,312. Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July

'797 - ....

D° - - - on 106,499. — — Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October

1797 -

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards

the Redemption of£. 20,210,321. 5.

f D° ----- -£. 16,437,273.

D° - - - 16,441,175.

D° - - - 764,861.

D° - - - 2,024,228.

D° - - - 2,030, 96.

1,999,699. 104,432. 270,202.

For 6 Months Interest on 119,109

« 3 = o «ts 33

c c ~ < D° - - -2 .2-5 (D° ——

4-

5-18.

7-

4-

5-4-

22,500 -

67,006 IO —

4,687

>3-947

2,925

749

IO —

4 —

2 —

814 13

M97 9

— 5 /> r Annuities, for of a Year

— Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, for J of a Year 10. D°, for \ a Year ——

10. £. 4 perCent. Annuities, for J of a Year

9 5 / Annuities, for of a Year

2. D° ----- - for of a Year

4. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, for of a Year 8. 4 //r CV /. Annuities, for of a Year

8. £ 5 perCent. Annuities, for of a Year

— Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October

797 ....

151,569

41,093

82,205

5.736

5,060

0,152

H>997

7 3

2,026

l9

3

l7

9 11

9

!4

4

10

7

7

6

2i

5

7

104

9

3

1,786 12 8

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797, for £. 14,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for \ of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent. per Annum, towards the Redemption of 18,125,000 £.3 perCent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ——

D° ----- -£. 7,250,000. D° to Reduced Annuities Consolidated *

D° - - - 2,900,000. 4 per Cent. Annuities - -

D° - - - on the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6u per Cent, on £. 14,500,000, for 62 4 Years -

45,312 10 —

18,125 -

7,250 ——

1,480 — —

From the Redemption

ONACCOUNTOP IMPERIAL LOAN 1797:

Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for of a Ye r, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent# per Annum, towards the ption of £. 3,669,300, Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities . - -

114,227 9 3

3|5>4I3 3 4J

72,167 10 —

9 73 S —

3,369,2 r8 3 34

( continued.)

40

Oi

C/4

38 Geo. IIL x6° Februarii.

<2$6

16° Februarii.

A \.1798-

By CASH received, to be received, and to be applied, in the Quarter between the ift February and the

ift A/isy 1798: —

£. /. d.

250,000 — — 3»7 ° 3 7

182,945 5 10

Quarterly Issue -

Exchequer Annuities for 99 and 96 Years, which Terms have expired - -

Interest due 5th January 1798 on /.12,196,353 — — Consolidated£. per Cent. Annuities -

D® - - - D® - - - 1,820,000 — — New South Sea Annuities

D® - - - D° - - - - 523,000 — — /. 3 per Cent. Annuities 1751 -

For Three Months of the Approx Y

LOAN 1793:

27,300 ——

7,845 —

priation of £. i per Cent. person £. 6,250,000 — — £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be received -

Annual.....)

Interest due 5th January 1798 - - - 279,299 — — Consolidated /. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

L O A N 1 7 94:

For Yhree Months of the Appro-1

priation of /. 1 per Cent, per > on/. x 1,000,000 — - — 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be received

Annum -.....)

D° ----- - 2,750,000 — — /. 4 fer Cent. Annuities - - - D°

D® - - - on the aduai Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of I lx. 5 d. per Cent.]

on 11,000,000. for 66£ Years - D° - 3

D° - - - on 1,926,525 12 10/. 5 per Cent. Annuities - - - D°

Interest die 5th January 1798 - - 515.754 — — Consolidated/. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

LOAN 1795:

For Thrde Months of the Appro- >

priation of /. 1 per Cent, per Son/. 18,000,000 — — /. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be received -

Annum.....J

D° 7 - - - - 6,000,000 — — /. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - - D® - - *

D® - - - on the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9/. 6 d. per Cent.l

on 18,000,000. for 65 J Years - D° , 3

D® - - - on- 1,609,897 17 I /. 5 per Cent. Annuities - - - D®

Interest due 5th January 1798 - on 600,253 — - — Consolidated /. 3 per Cent. Annuities

481,810 9 5

,5,625 — 4 189 9 8

27,500 — —

6,875 ——

2,420 — — '

4,816 6 3

7,736 6 2

45.000 — —

15.000 — —

3,208 15 —

4,024 14 10 f 9,003 15 10

1,595,800______________________"C"fo"‘"l'C'SAr.C'"'}

LOAN 1796:

D®

D°

on 4,500,000 — — - ? D® to Reduced Annuities - D

on the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6/. 6d. per Cent. on 18,000,000. for 64£ Years - D°

D® - - - - . - - on 4,414,074 4 6 /. 5 per Cent. Annuities - - - D®

Interest due 5th January 1798 - - on 434 318 — — Consolidated /. 3 per Cent. Annuities - -

D®. - -

D®- - -

Loan 1796, for £.7,500,000:

For Three Months of the Appro-,) r „ K -

priation of /. I per Cent, peri on/.8,934,200_______{ t°_C°nf?l(Iated- j

1,859,625 — — - - D° - to Reduced Annuities D® -on the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 5 /. 6d. per Cent.Y s on 7,500,000. for 63 Years - D# - - 3

Interest due 5th January 1798 - on . 110,470 — — Consolidated /. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

LOAN 1797:

For Three Months of the Appro- Y

priation of £.1 per Cent, per > on/.20,124,843 15 — £.5 per Cent. Annuities 1797, to be received

- - - - 16,441,809 4 £. 3per Cent. Annuities - -

- 7 5 427 11 6 £. 4 perCent. Annuities - -

- - 2,034,889 11 1 £.5 per Cent. Annuities -

Annum'

- 7D° SD° is! ij;

SB U. J D°

If

|D"

D®....

is o. jD® ——

Interest doe 5 th January 1798 -

D® -D® -D® -D® -

104,432 5 8 £.4 per Ctat.Annuities - - - D -

270,20a 4 8 /.5 per Cent. Annuities - - - D® -

293,553 — — - Consolidated £. 3 Annuities -

1,999,699 4 4/ 3 Annuities - -

5 8?.4

LOAN 1797, for £. 16,120,000:

For Three Months of thet Appro-7 „ „ . , rH1 , „

priation of £. 1 perCent. per Son/. 18,125,000 — — -Annuities, to be added to Consolidated/ perl

.Annum - i Cot//, to be received - - - 3

D# - - 7»250 000 — — D® to Reduced Annuities - - D® -

D° ----- - 2,900,000 — — £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - D° -

- - - " - . on the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6 x. per Cent, on

4 500,000. for 62J Years ----- - D° -

« m v IMPERIAL LOAN, 1797.

For Three Months of the Appro-1 ' y

Ration of/. 1 per Cent, pet #01/ 3,669,300 — — 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be received

53,98910 —

,250 — —

2,115 — -

11.035 3 8i

6 5 4 5 4

335 IO "

4,649 ‘i 3

73 5 —

1,657 , —

56,312 2 —

41,104 10 5f ,»9,3 4 5.087 4 si

4.999 4 ' £

261 1 7

675 10 1

4,403 5 10

45,312 10 —

18,143 — — 7'25° — — ,»4®° ——

Bank of Engl,.

February 16 th 1798.

922,411 4 3

9 73 5 —

93 584 9 3

A. Newlandy Chief Caftiier.

An

38 Geo. III. r 6° Februar 157

An ACCOUNT of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction, or on the Account of, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made payable, and paid, at the Bank of , from the

tft January 1797 to the 31st December following, inclusive; viz.

To Bills drawn from the West Indies, See.

To D® - - - D° - - - East Indies

To D® ----- --D® - - - Continent, by Brook Watjwii Esquire, Commissary General of the

Army - - - - - 675 ——

To D® ----- --D® ----- --Continent by Henry , Esquire, Deputy

Commissary General of D® - - - £7,189 18 -

To D® - - D® - - Continent, by Meflfs. Craufurds, With the Army

To Balance due to the Bank the 31st December 1796

The Whole of the said Sum of £5,158,320. 17 . id. was re-paid by the Treasury in the Course of the Year 1797 - - - - > -

jC r *

3.615.073 2 9

9,000 — —

27,864 18 — 330.733 3 7

3,982,671 4 4

i.t75>649 12 9

5,158,320 17 1

5,158,320 17 t

Bank of England, the 16th February 1798.

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

rr

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be penned by the Members of the House.

TfcwVeftnry. The House was moved. That the several Orders, Kefton Pe- 'made upon the nth Day of January last, for taking tuwjns, defer- jnt0 Consideration, upon next, the Petition

of Peter Moore, Esquire, and also, the Petition of George Vaughan, William Warner, and Thomas on Behalf of themselves and others. Electors of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gleucester, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Confederation upon Thursday, the 3d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Tewkcrtniry The House was moved. That the several Orders, made satin'1 the upon the 2°th Day of December last, and the 12th iUght of C Day of this Instant February, for taking into Considera-Election, de- tion, upon Ttiefday, the 27 th Day of this Instant February, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Tewkef-bury, in the county of ; and also, the Petition

of Andrew Wool!ams, William William Frede-

rick Preedy, James Kingsbury, Benjamin Holland, Richard Edgecombe, William Dyde, Henry Richard Jones,

Samuel Jeynes, Michael Proffer, William Thomas, Edward Vol. 53.

Brydges, Thomas Hudson, Isaac Turner, William James Kingsbury the Younger, Moses Goodere, Thomas Whithorn, and William Skeavington, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Freemen and Persons seised of an Estate of Freehold in an entire Dwelling House within the ancient Limits of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County ,of Gloucester, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Confederation upon Thursday, the 19th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the -Borough of Tewkesbury,

The House being informed that Mr. from the Account of

Commissioners for improving and completing the Thames Money re-Navigation, attended at the Door fie was called in j j®j etCan4 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to improvingt he the Directions of an Act of Parliament,' Thames Na-

An Account of all Money received and disbursed by pre"

the Commissioners appointed for improving and completing the Navigation of the Thames, for the Year

1797 *

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

3 U Mr.

Militia Efti-nutc, reported.

Lord St. Vincent's Annuity Bill, presented *

Lord Duncan's Annuity Bill, presented.

Quarantine, fee. Bill, presented.

358 16° Februarii 1798.

Mr. Hobart repotted from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the.Militia, for the Year 1798 j That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accord-

ingly, which they had directed him to report to the rioufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1798.

Twenty Days Pay to 60,000 Militia Men Cloathing for D - - -< --

Twenty Days Pay for 1,500 Serjeants Cloathing for D# *

Twenty Days Pay to 340 Drummers -Cloathing for D® *

Twenty Days Pay to 340 Corporals -Cloathing for D - -

Twenty Days Pay to the several Officers 365 Dayi Pay to 17 Adjutants -

£. r.

60.000 — — -

96.000 ——

1,500 ——

5.000 ——

2,300 ——

700 — —

1.000 — — 600 — —

8,700 ——

1,800 ——

177,600 ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John Earl Saint Vincent, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His Majesty and the Public: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof; and to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

7

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver " wrought Plate made in Great Britain," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the " several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by " Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain " Courts of Justice in Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of British and Foreign Merchandize exported and imported, for the Half Years ending the 5th of January 1797, the 5th of July 1797, and the 5th nuary 1798, or to the latest Period that it can be made up; distinguishing the several Articles which exceed in Value £. 10,000.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1796 to the 25th of December 1797, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, between the 31st December 1796 and the 31st December 1797; distinguishing

A

Acts for granting Duties on Gold and Silver Plate, See. to be considered.

Motion for Account of British and Foreign Merchandize, withdrawn.

Motion for Account of Extraordinaries of the Army, withdrawn.

Account, See. ordered: Navy, Victualling, and Transport

38 Geo. III. 16° — 17° Februarii.

259

tingui thing the Amount registered in each Month, and l'pecifying which of them have been paid off.

Navy D«bc Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Eftitnate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1797.

Bill to give The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Anther Time Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to indemnify certa Certf- " such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certifi-fixates, order " cates of Enrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the ie- " veral Courts of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to give further Time to comply with the Regulations of the said Act: And that Mr. Ro/e, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

Jestyj

Copies of De- Ordered, That the Copy of the Decree of the Com-crees relative missioners empowered by His Majesty for carrying into ciriftotLnnds Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of for (tearing the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing jeferred ' C' 's Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon, so far as relates to the Lands to be purchased in the County of Devon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Decree of the Commissioners empowered by His Majesty for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better securing His Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon, so far as relates to the Lands to be purchased in the County of Kent, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways an<l Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Meaus, deter- }ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tJ . House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Sabbati, 170 Februarii;

Anno 3S0 Georgii IIIlil Regis, 1798. Prayers.

liament for the Borough of New Mahon, in the County of York, in the room of the flight Honourable George Darner, commonly called Lord Vjfcount Milton, now Earl of Dorchester, called up to the House of Peers,

' s

A Bill for extending the Time limited for determin- Mr. Mackim' ing a Lottery established under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enabling Thomas " Macklin to dispose of his Collection of modern Paint-

" ings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Street, .

' by Way of Chance," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. Abbot, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, Committee to and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Monday Morning "pon Moa next.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Canal from the River Kennet, at orr near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath, and by an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to vary the Line of the said Canal in several Parts thereof; and that the Petitioners have made great Progress towards the executing the said Canal, but It appears, by. Surveys lately made, that if the Line of the said Canal was varied in certain Parts, in the County of Wilts, from the Course originally intended for it, namely, from, and out of, a Piece of Arable Land, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, in the County of lately belonging to Thomas Rigge, Esquire, deceased, to a Piece of Meadow Ground, in the said Parish, belonging to R. E. Drax Grosvenor, Esquire, and from the Turnpike Gate at the West End of Devizes, in the said County, to a Close of Meadow Ground belonging to ‘

Henry Penruddocke Wyndham, Esquire, in the Parish of Rowde, in the said County, the Line of the said Canal would be considerably shortened and improved; and that, if the Line of the said Canal, instead of being carried into the River Avon at Bath Easton Mill, in the County of Somerset, as directed by the said Acts, was varied, and carried from a Close of Land, in the Parish of Bathampton, in the said County, lately belonging to Mr. Robert Fisher, into the River Avon at or near Dole Mead, in the Parish of Lyncomb and Widcombe, in the said County, the Communication of the said Canal with the City of Bath would be much more conveniently effected, and the Navigation less liable to be impeded and obstructed by Floods; and that it would tend to thd better carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution if some of the Powers and Provisions thereof were altered and extended: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Petitioners to make the said Variations, and to make such other Amendments in the said Acts as to the House shall appear necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Goddard, &c.; And they are to meet upon Monday Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

Malton Writ.

0RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to , the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Par-Vpe. 53.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Euntf,

6y

sdo

190 Februarii.

A: 1 798.

V

Luna;, 19° die Februarii;

Anno 38° Georgii III'" Regia, 1798. Prayers.

CXOHN Frederick Ijelinand Daniel Eckenjlein took the Eckenitein, J Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ifelm and Eckenit sworn.

Birmingham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are titionUrC Pe" thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, entitled to Right of Common upon certain Commonable Lands and Grounds lying within the Parish ind Precincts of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, called Kaye Hill, Birmingham Heath, and Gibb Hlath, and other the Waste Lands lying within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and Precincts, several Hundred Acres of Commonable and Waste Lands, at present of very little Value, owing to the same not being inclosed; and that, if such Commonable and Waste Lands were inclosed, it would be extremely beneficial to the Owners of Lands, having Right of Common thereupon, and to the Public; and that the Petitioners are very desirous that the Rights of the Lords of the Manor, and the Owner of the Warren, shall be preserved to them in the fullest Extent, and that they shall have such fair Allotments, and Compensation for their mutual Rights, in respect to their distinct Claims; as the House shall think fit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to 1 bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Commonable and

Waste Lands, with such Clauses, under such Conditions and Restrictions, and with such Reservations of Right to all Parties interested, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that , Sir John Mordaunt and Sir George William Shuck-

burgh Evelyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

amTBirmin A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the ham Canal Pe- Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, was pre-tition. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by

an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn near to the City of Worcester', and to raise any Sum of Money towards defraying the Expences thereof, not exceeding £.250,000; and that the Petitioners are proceeding with the said Canal, and have already completed a considerable Part thereof, and have expended i very large Sum of Money therein, but it will require a greater Sum than the Petitioners are authorized to raise, to finish and complete the said Canal; and that some Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave , may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to raise

such Sum of Money as, with the Money raised, or to be raised, by virtue of the said Act, will be sufficient for finishing and completing the said Canal and the several Works thereto belonging, and for making such other Alterations and Amendments to the said Act as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mor daunt. Sir George Augustus William Shuck burgh Evelyn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. '

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Openi Arable, and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Gutting Power, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons thereto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of , and Trustees of

the Turnpike Roads in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Bridge

to the Town of /Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow, and by another Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his laid late Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act, and making the same more effectual, and by another Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend and render more effectual the said Acts, and by another Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, and for making the same more effectual, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making arid repairing the Roads in the said County therein mentioned, and certain Powers were thereby granted for that Purpose; and that the Roads in the said County of Edinburgh require to be kept in constant Repair, and Improvements are proposed to be made, which will be highly beneficial to the Public, but the same cannot be effectually done, unless further Powers are granted; and that the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, and have expended the same upon the Reparations and Improvements of the Roads in the said County, notwithstanding which several Alterations and Improvements, of great Importance and Utility to the Country, were wanting, and could not have been obtained; if the Trustees, named by the said Acts, had not, by interposing their own personal Security, raised Money for that Purpose, great Part of which has already been expended, and the Remainder wrill soon be expended, upon Improvements intended or begun to be executed upon the different Roads in the said County, and in building Bridges over different Rivers in the County; and that it is reasonable and proper that the Trustees who have raised Money, or given Security as before mentioned, should be indemnified, and that a further Sum should be authorized to be borrowed for the said Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, of the Twenty-fourth and Tw'enty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for more effectually making and repairing the Roads in the said County, and levying the Tolls and Duties thereon, and for accomplishing the other Purposes before mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it' shall appear to them, to the House:

And

Guiting Power InclO fure Bill, committed.

Glouceftef Roads Bill, committed.

Edinburgh Roads Petition.

38 Geo. III. 190 Februarik 261

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Heron, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

Edinburgh A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Two Pennies Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and ScouPetition. on Behalf of the Community of the said City, waspre-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Ai5l, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1693, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots was granted to the Community of the City of Edinburgh, and to the Magistrates and Town Council of the fame, and their Success'ors in Office, for the Uses therein specified, upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, either brewed, brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town and Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, for the Space of Fifteen Years, and further, not exceeding the Space of Thirty Years, commencing from the ill of July 1693, which Duties were, by an Act of his Majesty George the First, continued for the further Term of Nineteen Years; and that by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his said Majesty George ' the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, made in the Third Y'ear of his Reign, and for discontinuing Payment of the Petty Port Customs in the said City, and for making the said Act more effectual,

the said Duties were continued for the further Term of Nineteen Years from the Expiration of the said last recited Act, and were also extended to the several Brewers within the Parishes of Saint the Canongate,

and South and North Leith; and that, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty George the Second, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Acts, of the Third and Ninth of his then late Majesty's Reign, the Rates and Duties, made payable by the said Act of the Ninth of George the Second, were continued for the further Term of Thirty-eight Years; and that the Revenue granted by the said Acts has been faithfully applied to the Purposes thereby directed, yet the same having greatly decreased since the Commencement of the said Act of the Twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, in so much that in several Years the Gross Produce was not sufficient for Payment of the Interest of the Debt, far less for Payment of the Annual Burdens payable to Ministers, Professors, and others, with which the Grant was burdened, and although the Revenue for some Years past has increased considerably, yet it is no Ways sufficient for Payment of the Debt contrafted upon the Credit of the said Duties, without a further Continuation of the Term already granted for collecting the fame, or without a Substitute being provided: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to make Payment of the Debt contrafted on the Credit of the aforesaid Acts, and of the annual Prestations with which the aforesaid Acts are burdened, upon such Terms, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Mr.

M'Dow all,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the-Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Glai ow Mr. Heron reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads Puti- the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put tion, reported. jn Execution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Y'ears of the Reign of llis present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the City of G/afgozv, in the County of Lanark, to in

the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of Vol. 53.

the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, and the Road from the Town of Hamilton, in the said County of Lanark, to the Confines of the said County, at or near to Kirkland Bridge, and from thence by Eaglesham, in the County of Renfrew, to Kingswell, in the County of Ayr, and for the more effectually repairing the said Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals and New Bridge of to the Chapel of Cambitjlang, in the said County of Lanark, and Branches thereof; and for making and repairing the Road from the said Chapel of till it joins the High Road leading from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards Eaglefham, in the County of Renfrew, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads upheld, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts be enlarged, and further Tolls granted to the said Trustees; and it is proposed, that the Re-strictive Clause, with respect to the Tolls to be levied upon the Road from the City of G/afgozv, by the Chapel of Cambuslang to Burnbank, and Distinction of Interest or diferiminating Clause, in favour of the said Road, in preference to the other Roads, should be repealed, the same being deemed prejudicial to the general Interests of the said Roads.

And the Member further informed your Committee,

That the Ford through the River Clyde, called Dal-marnock or Farme Ford, to Burnbank, is oftentimes dangerous and impassable from Floods, and it would be of very great Benefit to the Countly, and the Public at large, if a Bridge was built over the said River, at the said Foord.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of by

Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of and , other Roads communicating the rewith, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals and N Bridge of

by the Chapel of Cambuslang, till it joins the Road from Hamilton, by Burnbank,- towards in the County of Renfrezv, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at Dalmarnock, or Farme Ford: And that Mr. Heron, Mr. M Dowa/l, and Mr. William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Metcalfe, cf Abingdon, reported from the Com- Abingdon mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, on reported. whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Trustees of a certain Turnpike Road leading from the May oris Stone, at the End of the Vineyard, in the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to Chilton Pond, in the said County, called The Abingdon Disiricl, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

... 3 X Rsp rf

v

6 a 190 FebruariL . 1798.

Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at Severalty forever: And therefore praying, That Leave the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read i and is as may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, followeth; viz and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Acts, palfed in the Twenty-ninth Year erf" the Reign of Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem his late Majesty King George the Second, and the meet.

Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. from a Place called Fryer Baton's Study to Chilton Pond, Pochin and Mr. Keck do prepare, and bring in, the

and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombhill-gate, fame, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of

Berks, were read: And, A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, BUrgeffes, and Great Yar-

Samuel Sellwood, Esquire, being examined, said, That Commonalty, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the the said Roads were divided into Two Districts, called County of , in Common Council assembled.

The Oxford Distril7, and The Abingdon DiflriEl, and the was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

Roads within each District were made entirely inde- That, by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the pendent of each other, and put under the Care and Reign of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening.

Management of separate Trustees; that considerable repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Sums of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the said Piers of Great , and for depthening and making

Acts, and charged on the Tolls arising within the said more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves Abingdon District, still remain due and owing; and such into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering Sums cannot be paid off, and the Road within the said therein from Accidents by Fire, certain Rates and Abingdon District effectually amended and kept in Re- Duties were authorized to be collected for the Purpose pair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, re- of carrying the Provisions of the said Act into Execu-lating to the said last mentioned District, be further tion; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased. fifth Year of His present Majesty, the said Act was

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amended, and further continued, from the Expiration enlarge the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, the of the Term thereby granted, for and during the fur- „ one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of ther Term of Twenty-one Years; and that the several, his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other Rates and Duties, granted by the said first-mentioned -in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Act for the Purpose of clearing and depthening the said Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Haven, and maintaining and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Race called Fryer Bacon's Study to Piers and Jettee, and the Capfterns, Cables, and Ropes,

Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Fox- thereunto belonging, have been found inadequate for combhill-gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the those Purposes; and the said Haven and Piers are fallen County of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Abing- into Decay, and the said Piers and Jettee are in Want don Dflrift of the said Roads therein mentioned: And of great Reparations, the Haven necessarily requires to

that Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. be cleared and depthened, and, if not speedily done,

John Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. will endanger the total Loss of Part of the said Piers,

whereby the Petitioners and the Public will be deprived Thurcafton A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are of the Benefit of the said Haven and Piers, which is of inciofur Pe- thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, and Persons in- great Importance to the Trade and Commerce of these

terested in, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Kingdoms, and particularly to the Inhabitants of the

Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within said Borough, the City of Norwich, and the adjacent the Parish of Yhurcafon, in the County of Leicester, Counties; and that, unless some additional Duties are was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, granted, and further Powers given to the Petitioners,

That it will be advantageous to the Proprietors of, and for the Purpose of preserving the said Haven, Piers, and Persons interested in, the said Open and Common Jettee, by clearing and depthening the said Haven, and Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds putting and keeping the said Piers and Jettee in Repair, and Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and the same will loon fall into total Ruin; and that several a specific Share thereof list out and allotted to every of Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made . them, according to their respective Properties and In- in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave

terefts therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in Purposes before mentioned, with such Powers, and a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and shall seem meet.

Commonable Grounds and Places, in such Manner as Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the , to the House shall seem meet. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. shall appear to them, to the House:

Pochin and Mr. Keck do prepare, and bring in, the And it is referred to Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Horatio Walpole, fame. &c.:, And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Swithhnd in- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

o,rUrC PfU thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Chilton Divi-Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, of and Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and within the Parish, Lordship, and Liberties of Swithland, Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, presented. in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to Lands within the Hamlet of Chilton, in the Parish of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset: And the same Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and was received and read the First Time.

Commonable Grounds and Places, to have the same , That the Bill be read a Second Time,

divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof set out

and allotted to every of them, according to their re- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are South Brent lpcftive Properties and Intereste therein,' to be held in thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of nido-"

"b EftatCS fur Petition.

3 8 Geo. III.

19° Februdrii.

ft>3

Estates within the several Parishes of South Brent and closed; but of Public Utility: And therefore praying, Lympfnam, in the County of Somerset, was presented to That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons or Waste within the said Parishes, several Moors, Commons, and Lands and Grounds, in such Manner-, and under such Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet, others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-of any considerable Improvement; and that it would suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. be very advantageous to all Persons interested in the Dickinson, Mr. and Mr: Lawrence Balk, do pre-

l'aid Lands and Grounds if the same were divided and pare, and bring in, the same inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests , Mr. Osborn presented to the House, according to therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands,

Sandy Incltf-l'ure Bill, pro-seated.

ChiltoR Trinity and Wembdon, kc. Inclosure Petition.

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sandy, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near under-lyne, and Oldham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal froui Manchester to or near Ashton-under-lyne, and , in the

of Lancaster, certain Persons

laid Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the mid Petition: And that Mn Dickinson and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring

in, the fame. \

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, respectively entitled to Right of Common on certain Commons or Moors, called or known by the several Names of Chilton Common, otherwise Wild MarJli,

Fury Green, and Harp Common, situate and lying within County Palatine of Lancaster, certain 1'erlons were the several Parishes of Chilton Trinity, Wembdon, Durley, united into one Body Politic and Corporate, by the and Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, and who are Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Canal also respectively entitled to certain Common Fields or " Navigation to or

Grounds, called or known by the Name of Bury Moor " and Oldham," and were authorized and empowered and Chilton Moor, lying in the said Parishes, was pre- to make, complete, and maintain, the said Canal Navi-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That gation; and that, by another Act, made in the Thirty-there are certain Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, third. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said called or known by the several Names of Chilton Com- Company of Proprietors were enabled to make certain mon, otherwise Wild Marsh, Bury Green, and Harp Com- Extensions of their Canal j and that the Petitioners, by mon, within the severalParilhes of Chilton Trinity, Wemb- Indenture of Two Parts, bearing Date the 30th Day don, Durley, and Bridgwater, aforesaid, containing toge- of July 1795, and made between several Persons therein ther, by Estimation, Three hundred Acres, or there- particularly mentioned (being Owners of certain Col-abouts; and that there are also certain Common Fields heries, or Mines, Veins, and Beds of Coal, lying and or Grounds, called or known by the Names of Bury being within the several Townships or Places of Oldham Moor and Chilton Moor, lying in the said Parishes, con- aforesaid, and Chadderton and Wrrnith, within Oldham taining together, by Estimation, Acres, or there- aforesaid) of the First Part, and the Petitioners of the

abouts; and that it will not only be of great Benefit Second Part, did contract and agree, with the said Par-and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said' ties of the First Part of the said Indenture, for the cut

Manchester and Aihton-' under-lyne Canal Petition.

Commons and Waste Lands, and Common Fields or Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, but of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting.

ting, making, completing, and finishing a Navigable Cut, but with proper Towing Paths, and other Works, from, and to communicate with, the said Canal, at or near Stakeleach, to a certain Place in the Township of

and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, and Chadderton aforesaid, called Beafe Green, and for railing also for dividing, regulating, and improving, the said "r ‘ r ' r

Churchftan-ton- Inclosure Telit ion.

Common Fields or Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf off themselves and others, respectively entitled to Rights of Common on certain Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Churchjlanton, in the County of Devon, and also ori certain Commons or Waste Lands, called or known by the Names of Luxon Common, Hill,

and Natkcr's Hole, situate and lying in the Parish of Uppottery, and laid County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Commons, or Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Churchjlanton aforesaid, and certain Commons cr Waste Lands called Luxon Common, Hacket's

Water from and out of certain Collieries and Mines, Veins and Beds of Coal, 'therein mentioned, and for turning such Water into the said Cut, and from thence into the said Canal, for the better supplying the said Canal with Water, on certain Terms and Conditions in the same Indenture mentioned and expressed, which Cut hath, since the Date and Execution of the said Indenture, and pursuant to the Terms and Conditions thereof, been made, completed, and finished; and that the Petitioners are advised that the said Indenture, and the said Contraft and Agreement so thereby entered into as aforesaid, will not be binding and conclusive between and amongst the said Parties thereto, nor the said Cut be and become a Part of the said Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near and Old-

ham, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have, in proceeding to carry the said Acts into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof, in some Respects, ckfeftive, and it is expedient that the said Acts should be altered and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

Hill, and Nacker's Hole, within the Parish of Uppottery given to bring in a Bill to corroborate and confirm the r-- r '1 - '' 1 ,"n' rr' laid Contraft and Agreement 1b entered into by and-

between the said Parties of the First Part of the above mentioned Indenture and the Petitioners, and for making the said last mentioned Cut Part of the said Canal

aforesaid, containing together, by Estimation, Two thousand Acres, or thereabouts; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Commons or Waste Lands and Grounds, if the same were properly divided and in-Vo l. 53.

Navigation, and for altering and amending

the said-

Acts,

Sowerby In-' closure Billy committed.

Member added to bring in Bozeat Inclosure Bill.

Bill presented.

Kelmfcot Inclosure Petition. \

Mr.Macklin's Lottery Bill, reported.

190 Februarii., 1798.

Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Restriiftions, as to the House shall Teem meet. Place; and afterwards delivered the " Bill, with the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

shall appear to them, to the House: Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackbnrne of ingrossed.

Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Tomorrow Moaning, if the said Bill shall be then in-and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, grossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Town Field, called Sowerby Field, a certain Stinted Pasture, called The Ox Moor, and a Common or Moor called South Moor, and other Waste Grounds within the Township of Sowerby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, -at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Earl of Carysfort be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable George John Earl Spencer, the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Sussex the Right honourable Annabel Baroness Lucas, and the humble Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of Estates and Lands, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bozeat, in the County of Northampton, whole Names are subscribed.

The Earl of Carysfortpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open-and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bozeat, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within the Hamlet of Kelmfcot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and rpad; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Hamlet, certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, which lie so intermixed and inconveniently situated, as, in their present State, to admit of very little Improvement; but, if the same were divided into specific Shares and Allotments to and amongst the said Proprietors in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their Lands, Tythes, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein respectively, great Advantages would arise to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr John Fane and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Serjeant Adair reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Time limited for determining a Lottery, established under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intityled, " An Act for enabling Thomas " Macklinto dispose of his Collection of modern

" Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in " Street, by Way of Chance," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom Chatteris the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the First and Fourteenth Years ' of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Bridge to

the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition frot thereunder signed, being a Quorum of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, was presented to of the Tower the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from Time !a tsLon immemorial, there have been various Sewers within the donnr>oclt "

Tower Hamlets, and under the Jurisdiction of Commit- &c. Bill, sioners, from Time to Time, appointed for the Care of . them, and that there are particularly in such Dillrid Three Sewers, one called The Alan in the Moon and

Wrapping Level Sewer, one other called The

Sewer, and the other The Nightingale Lane Smithfield Sewer, the former having its Current from the

High Street\in Whitechapel, down Church Lane, across

WellclcfeSquare and Ratcliff Highway, thence on the Back ot Pennington Street, across Old and New Gravel Lanes, to the Parish of Shadwell, and where it discharges itself into the River Thames, at Whipping and that there are several other Collateral Branches of such Sewer which discharge themselves, by different Outlets, into the River Thames, which Sewer carries a very great Body of Water from the City of London, the Parishes of IVkitechapel, Spitafie/ds, Saint George, Saint

John I Yapping, and Saint Paul Shadw; and that the Sewer, called The Spita/fie/ds Sezver, has its Current from Clubb Row, and several other Parts of Spita/fields,

and runs through Part of the Parish of Matthew Bethnal Green, Saint DunfianStepney, and, after being conveyed, by a Trunk, under the new Cut from Bromley to Limehouse, enters the Hamlet of Poplar, and discharges itself by an Outlet at Limekiln Dock into the hiver Thames; and Inch Sewers take off a great Body of Water from the City of London and Saint Boto/ph without Aldgate, and upon the several Parishes of Shoreditch, Christ Church, Saint John Hackney, Saint Alatthezv Bethnal Green, Saint Dunfian Stepney, Saint

Leonard Bromley, Bozv, Poplar, and the Parish of Saint

Ann at Limehouse-, and that the N Sewer hath its Current from East Smithfield, down Nightingale.

Lane, to its Discharge into the River Thames, at Hermitage Dock, with several Collateral, ranches which

carry

38 Geo. III.

19® Februarii.

265

carry off the Water from the Parishes of Saint Botolpk mon, without any Distinction of the Parishes intended. Aldgate, Saint John Wapping, and Saint Mary White- by the said Act, and as they were before the making

chapel, by Means of such Sewers the Houses, Lands, and thereof, and that the Vyorkhouse then already built, Premisses, of the several Parishes and Places above-men- and (landing in the said Parish of Philip and Jacoby tioned, are fully and effectually drained, and, in case should remain, continue, and be, for the joint Ufa of the same should be impeded or cut off, the Premisses of the Poor of the said new Parish, and of the said Parish such Inhabitants would be inundated; and, it is greatly of Saint Philip and Jacob, and that all Orders of Justices to be feared, that if such Waters were, by such Im- „ of the Peace for removing of, or relating to, the Poor, pediment, caused to (lagnate, some peffilential Disease should be made and directed as before the making the would be the Consequence: And that the Petitioners said Act; and that, finCe the Division of the said Out have seen a Bill, now depending in the House, for Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and the forming Part making Wet Docks in Wapping, and, if the same should - thereof into the said separate Parish of Saint George, the pass into a Law, all those Sewers would be cut off, or Poor of the said Two Parishes are very greatly increased

(lopped bp, and the Inundation above-mentioned mud inevitably happen, unless new Sewers are formed, and which would be attended with a very enormous Expence, and be an intolerable Burden on the Inhabitants within those Hamlets, and who contribute towards the Sewers' Rate: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that a proper Provision may be made in the said Bill for

and become very burthensome, nor, from the great Extent of the said Two Parishes, and Number of Poor therein, and other Causes, is it in the PoVer of (he Parishioners to manage and provide for the said Poor nearly so well as they would be able to do, if the Poor of each Parish, and the Rates and Levies for the Maintenance and Relief thereof, were separated and rendered independent of each other; and the said Parishioners, from

forming new Sewers at the Expence of the Persons ap- long Experience, are satisfied the Poor of each of the plying for the said Bill, and that the same may be di- said Parishes would be maintained and provided for reCled to be done, under the Direction and Inspection much' better and at a much easier Rate, if the Poor of of the Petitioners, and that they may be heard, by their the said Two Parishes were so divided, and provided for Counsel, and "Agents, against such Parts of the said and maintained distinct from each other, under the

- Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law, as it now (lands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

particular Care and Management of each of the said Parishes, separately and independent'of each other; and that it would be a considerable Saving to each of the said Parishes, if the Expence of repairing the High -

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, ways of the said Two Parishes were separated and made until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, independent of each other, and that the said Highways and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and would be kept in better Order than they now are; And Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring

Member *

added to Committee oa Petition ior Repeal of Clock, &c. Duty Act.

the Port of JLtiidon, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Pochin, Mr. Keck, and Mr. Patten, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of

in a Bill, or Bills, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such. Regulations and Re-drift ions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter, thereof; and report the same, as k

Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed shall appear to them, to the House:

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches/'

St. Philip and Jacob and St. Geoi

A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Over-st George seers, and principal Inhabitants, and Persons paying or (Gloucester) contributing to the Relief of the Poor, and also to the Repair of the Highways in the Out Parish of Saint Philip Petition! and Jacob, and in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Two Parishes were formerly One Parish, called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, but, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of

And it is referred to Mr. Bragge, the Lord Sheffield, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

his late Majesty King George the Second, for dividing further Consideration the Report from the Committee the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, in the County of . of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate the

Gloucester, and in the City and County of Bristol, and forerefting a Church in the new intended Parish, a certain District of the said Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, in the said County of Gloucester, was divided therefrom, and formed into a separate Pa-fish, being the said Parish of Saint George, and a new Church'hath been erected thereon, conformable to the Directions of the said Act, whereby it is enabled, that the Inhabitants within the said new Parish

Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were.

should be divided from, and independent of, the Parish upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to of Saint Philip and Jacob, and be exempt from bearing by the House.

any Parish Offices or Charges, and from all Depend- Ordered, That the ' Bill, with the Amendments, be oncies and Contributions for or in respect thereof, ex- ingrossed.

cept such as are therein otherwise provided; and it Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time is thereby also enacted, that all Rates and Levies to the upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill dial] be Poor and for the Highways should be made, rated, le- then ingrossed. vied, and assessed, upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, in the County of 4GIou- That the Order of the Day, for the Second

- eester, and of the said new Parish, jointly and in com- Reading of the Bill for settling and kcuring a certain Vot. 53. 3 Y Annuity

Ways and Means, deferred.

Report oa Bill to regulate the Trial of Caules, Scc. further conli dcred.

Lord St. Via-cent's Annuity Bill, cwrrv tnitted

Lord Duncan's Annuity Bill, committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for calling out a Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, with an Asqpdment.

Middletoy Division mid Allotment Bill, with Amendments.

Committee an A£s for granting Duties on Gold and Silver Plate, See.

266

190 Februarii

A. 1798.

Annuity on John Earl Saint , and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, in Confederation of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent, to His Majesty and the Public, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popkam and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the ;neceflkry Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of MiKtia, by incorporating the Supple-'mentary Militia therewith; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Somerset; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain-," and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the 44 several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain," be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Commit :ce, That they had come to a Resolutiou; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Mai eft y s FurtherPro-

p.mmnn i r J J J cecdings of

Command, ... . the Treasury,

Several Papers containing further Proceedings of the &c.respea» Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or in confluence of Directions from them, respecting several Offices concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Money, in Addition to the Papers presented on the r2th of January last.

And the Title of the said Papers was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That suchl a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup-Committee of the whole Hdufe, to whom it was re-ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-reded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

I.

VIZ.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fnrdmfe of That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Five hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and rie$,&c. Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Bat- teries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon" to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the Purposes of the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D».

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for re- veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," to make Compensation for the Loss or Damage sustained by the Owners or Occupiers of Lands in the County of Kent, in Consequence of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,44 An Act for vesting certain '

44 Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

44 in Truf tees, for the better securing His Majesty's Bat- teries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon."

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Act relating last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for p ch granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Dif- be coaSeted.

44 tilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scot-

44 land, herein particularly described, for a limited

44 Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries

"in the respective Districts in Scomight be

read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of March .44 One thousand. Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an .44 Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His

44 present

Committee on land Tax Commissioners Names Bill.

Lords

Amendment to Bill for calling out a Proportion o the-Supplementary Militia, agreed to.

38 Geo. III. 190 Februarii. ' 267

" present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two,

" videliceti on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-feveq, for granting " to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein " particularly described, for a limited Time; and for " regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland,' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistak.es in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Section, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax to be raised' in Great Britain for the Service'of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and NinetySeven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting 'an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr- Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fafne.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to order out' a certain f Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith.

And the said Amendment was redd; and is as followeth; viz. '

Pr. 8. 1. ult. After " aforesaid" insert Clause (A.) Clause (A.) " And whereas, in case any of the

" Meetings appointed by this Act " to be held should fall within the " Time appointed for the Assizes,

" in any Town where such Meeting has been appointed to be " held, Dotibts may arise whether " it would not be necessary for " the Militia Men so met to re-, " move from the same; Be it " therefore Enacted, That it shall " be lawful for them to continue " and remain there, notwithstanding the Assizes being then held " at such Place." ‘

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Vol. 53. -

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the oendmenta Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,' to Middecor An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com- iU,d

monable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and Bili, agreed improving, certain Open and Commonable Arabic to.

Lands, within the Parish of Middlezoy, in the County ~ of Somerset.

And the said Amendments were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 22. \Leave out "the usual and accustom-& 23. i. " ed Surplice Fees."

1. 23. Leave out "and."

1. 24. After " Mortuaries," insert " and " Surplice Fees."

Pr. 21. 1. 21. After " dired" insert " except as " before excepted."

Pr. 37. I.39. Leave out " or near."

1. ult. After ''Middlezoy"insert " or any " next adjoining Parish."

Pr. 38. 1. 16. After "aforesaid" insert "Provided " always, that no Exchange shall " be made or confirmed by virtue '

" of this Act of any Lands or other Hereditaments. held in " Right of any Church or Chapel, without the Consent of the " Lord Bjftiop of Bath and Wellt " for the Time being, testified in " Writing under his Hand and " Seal."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, 8 11 to 8}Je a Bill to give further Time to comply with the Regula- so ta ing tions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, certain Cem-intituled, "An Act to indemnify such Persons as have pre omitted to obtain their Certificates of Enrolment,

" Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this " Kingdom:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. - '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. _

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House £ply'dtfer' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved.itself into £orajm oa a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingossed Toree Bill. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Fozard with Sarah Sophia Leckie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill for naturalizing John Frederick Ijelin and Darnel Ifelin and Eckenjlein, was read a Second Time.

Rtfuivtd,

1

Quarantine. c. Bill, deferred.

Royal AlTent to Bills.

2$8 19° — 20° Februarii. A. 1798.

Resolved, That the Bitl be Committed to Mr. Hobart, brooke in Possession, to jufe and take the Surname,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this After- and bear the Arms, of Griffin, pursuant to the said noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Will:

An Act for naturalizing Lewis Sack.

The other Order of the Day being read 5 Ordered, Thar the Bill to amend lo much of an Act, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Mr. Macklin made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for extending the BtJ *

piefent Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Qua- Time limited for determining a Lottery established rantine; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass' under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thirty-into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

Coffee and fcocoaCoaftwife for the greater Convenience "An Act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the " his Collection of modern Paintings, as now exhibited Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, " at his Gallery in Fleet Street, by Way of Chance," be which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing now read. ' >

thereof; and to prevent Vessels liccnled by the Admi- ' And the said Order being read accordingly; ralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment The said Bill was read the Third Time, not permitted by their Licences, be read a Second Time Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Tomorrow Morning. be. An Act for extending the Time limited for determining a Lottery established under the Authority of an And then the House adjourned tilt Tomorrow Ad, paired in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Morning, Ten of the Clock. Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enabling Thomas

" Macklin to dispose of his Collection of modern Paint-; ., " ings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet,

; " " by Way of Chance."

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Adair do carry the Bill Martts, 20° die Februarii J f° the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' Anno 38® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Gentleman

Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

- The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal AlTent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was fead; giving, declaring, and notifying the RoyahAflent to One Public and the several Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afleiit to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Portland, and the Earl of Chesterfield, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal AlTent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith:

An Act to enable the Right honourable Richard Aid-worth Lord Braybrooke, Baron of Braybrooke, and Richard Neville, Henry Neville, George Neville, and William Neville, and all and every other Son and Sons of 'the said Richard A!dm art ft Lord Braybrooke, and their Tffue Male, respectively, when they shall respectively become beneficially entitled to the Possession, or to the Rents and Profits, of certain Estates deviled by the Will of the late Right honourable Griffin, Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braybrooke, deceased, or shall become entitled to the Peerage of the Barony 6

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Rochdale nd Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the Parishes of Bury, Middleton, and Prejiwich, in the County Palatine tioL of Lancaster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lane

End, in the Village of Heywood, in the Parish of Bury, to- a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of Preflwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Turnpike Gates have been erected, and Tolls taken according to the full Rates thereby authorized, the Produce whereof, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed and remaining due on the Credit of the said Tolls, has been from Time to Time applied to the Purposes of the said Act; and that the same have been found insufficient for amending and repairing the said Road, and, unless an Increase of Tolls is obtained, and further and other Powers are granted, the Intent and Purport of the said Act cannot be answered: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Btackburne of Mr.

Stanley, See.: And they are to, meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Pei; fion tO Neath Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the r ' Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to make a Canal Navigation from or near a certain Place called in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near Melin-crythan Pill, into the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County, which Canal Navigation is now completed; and that it appears, by Surveys lately taken, that the -said Canal may be extended from the present Termination thereof, near Melin-crythan Pill aforesaid, to, or near to, a certain Place called Giant's Grave Pill, in the Parish of Britonferry, in the said County; and that such Extension of Canal will be attended with considerable Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and be of Public

Vtiiitj,

38 Geo. III.

20° FebruariL

60

Utility, as thereby the very inconvenient Navigation of Part of the River of Neath will be avoided; and that the Petitioners are Willing and delirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to make, complete, and maintain, the said Extension; and that the said Act requires to be amended, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the fn to toiake the above-mentioned Extension of their Canal, and for altering and amending the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pit/., Mr. Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Girder's Nat. A Petition of Carl Friedrich Giester, was presented to etition. the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bradford and Wakefield Roads Pcti-

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe *

cution the several Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Road leading from Keighley to ,in the

West Riding of the County of York, so far as the same relate to that Part of the Road which lies between -ford and Wakefield, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, - by certain Acts, palfed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, the Road from Keighley to Wakefield is (together with several other Roads therein de-lcribed) directed to be amended and kept in Repair; and that, by virtue of the said Acts, or one of them, divers Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising from that Part of the said Road which lies between Bradford and Wakefield, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the same cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair, nor the said Sums of Money so borrowed be effectually secured, unless the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act be continued and extended, and the Powers of the said several Acts altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the aforesaid Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr.

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Frederick and Daniel Eckenfiein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Pedmore and A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in PetiUonf°adS Execution so much of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Ma-Vol. 53.

Ifelin and Eckenftein's Nat. Bill, reported.

jesty, as relate to repairing the Road leading from Ped-more to Holly Hall, in the County of called

"The Pedmore and Holly Hall District," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Si considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Road within the said District, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, Unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as respects the said District of Road, be further continued, and some additional Power's granted for those Purposes; and that a certain Piece of Road leading from Queen's Cross at Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to Blower's Green, in the Parish of Dudley,

containing, in Length, about 745 Yards, which is now under the Care of the Trustees of the Dudley and grove Turnpike Road, might be more conveniently amended, and kept in Repair, if the same was to be put under the Care of the Trustees for the Pedmore and Holly Hall District, and made Part of that District of Road; and that, if a new Carriage Road was opened and made from or near the said Place called Queen's , over certain private Grounds, to communicate with,' and join, the present Road in the Pedmore and Holly Hall District, at or near the Lime Kilns belonging to the Representatives of William Fullard, deceased, and near the Dudley Canal Bridge on the said Road, in the Parish of Dudley, and also, if another new Carriage Road was opened and made from or near a Place called Priefi Lane, over certain other private Grounds, to join the Turnpike Road leading from to Bromf-

grove, at or near Pedmore aforesaid, a nearer and more convenient Communication would be opened between the Town of Dudley and the Towns of and

Worcester, and the several manufacturing Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, and would not only be of great Benefit to Trade, but also to all Persons residing, of having Estates, in that Part of the Country, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as relate to the before-mentiofted District of Road, and for opening and making such new Roads and Communication, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House :~

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Julia Pitt, &tc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bright helmfi one to Ctick-field, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of DitchUng, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which now rpmain unpaid, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road made and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the Aift in other Respects made more effectual; and that it would be much for the Advantage of the Public, as well as beneficial to the said Road, if a certain Branch of Road, leading from the said Road at the West End of a Farm called Ubleys, in the Parish of through the

Parishes of Albourne and N so the Marlepit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said County,

3 wai

Crouch Kili and Ditchling Roads Petition.

v

20° Febru.

Chatters Ferry K< ad BUI, passed.

Denton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Stapleton Tn-cloiure Bill, committed.

Fournier's Nat. Bill, committed.

Fo/ard's Divorce Bill, passed.

A. 1798.

was kept in Repair, and included in the said Act, and made Part of the said Turnpike Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and including the said Branch of the Road beforementioned, in such Manner and under fuclf Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. See.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the First and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefers Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau and Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Bridge

to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County of Hun-

tingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pat'sAnd that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-cne Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,'the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to H and fnam Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Some, rsham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Ives,

and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Upper "Denton and Nether Denton, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of GUjland, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within that Part of the Manor of Ajkerton, in the Barony of Giljiand, which lies Within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ilobarf, Mr. Lowther, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Lewis Fournier, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. llobart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Fozard with Sarah Sophia Leckie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed; to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Heron presented to the House, according to Or- H

der, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the pouted. ' Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of gow, by Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of

Ayr, and other Roads communicating the rewith, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals and New Bridge of Glasgow, by the Chapel of Cambuslang, till it joins the Road from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards in the County of Renfrew; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at Da/marnock, or Ford:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Dumr. t Petition of the several Freeholders, Heritors, and In- PcU' habitants, within the County of Dumfries, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; -Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, and for converting the Statute Labour, within the said County into Money, and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the same County, certain Powers were granted for making, repairing, and widening, the Roads therein described, and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County; and that great Pro-grels has been made in making, repairing, and widening, the said Roads and Highways, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed lor that Purpose, and arc ftiii owing upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted; but the said Roads and Highways cannot bo completely repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Pow'-ers of the said Act be further continued, altered, and enlarged; and that the Roads herein after mentioned, lying within the said County of Dumfries, arc at prefenr in very bad Repair, and dangerous and incommodious to Travellers and Passengers, the Two Roads

branching from the Road from Annan to foct, One Branch thereof to leave the said Turnpike Road at or near Burng/ie/h-headby to the

Coal Pits near Gilnockie Bridge; and the ether Branch of Road to leave tile said Turnpike Road at or near the Farm Houses of Bun foot, of Spriugto pass through

the Lands of Bunfoot, Blackwoodhouse, Neuk, Brown -

muir, Luce, acrcls the River Annan, between and Da/ebank, and through the Estates of,

Limekilns, Breckonzvhat, and Kelhead, till it joins the

Turnpike Road from Dumfries to Annan, East of the Limeitone Quarry of Relhead; also another Branch of Road, leading off the Turnpike Road from to

Sanquhar, at or near Dab ton, by Dwrifdeer and I Pel/path, to the Coniines of the County of Lanark-, and another Branch of Road, leading from the Toll Bar at Men-noekfoot, on the Turnpike Road last mentioned, up the Water of it Iennockto the Confines of the said County of Lanark near IVanlockhead; but the said Roads cannot be sufficiently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, and with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Heron, Mr. EfDoveaU, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr.

acffebruarii.

Kelmfcot Inclosure Bill, presented.

Mavis Ender-by Inclosure Petition.

East Brttter-wickand Mcf. fingham Inclosure and Drainage Petition.

38 Geo. III.

Mr. John Fane preferited to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Kelmfcot, in the Parish of , in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; arid read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second'Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavir En-derby, in the Division of Lindfe, in the County of coln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said jParish certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Lands and Grounds, which lie dispersed and intermixed with each other in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be for the mutual Advantage and Conveniency of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their respective Iillatcs, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Owners and Proprietors according to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for effectuating the Purpol'es aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall feern meet. 7

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vynerand Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders, and having Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and upon the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the several Townships of and

MeJJingham, in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships and Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, 500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, and cannot be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were cff'eftually divided, inclosed, allotted, drained, embanked, improved, and warped, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Properties, Bights of Common, and other Interests therein, and Satisfaction made for the Tythes thereof, which would greatly tend to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be likewise of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, allotting, drain , ing, embanking, improving, and warping,! the said Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, and also for making a Compensation for the several Tythes arising within the said Townships, in Rich Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Vol. 53.

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Rochdale and Burnley, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, certain 'foils were granted, and Pow'ers given to the Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and that another Act was palfed, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act; and that, in pursuance of the said Acts, Turnpike Gates have been erected, and Tolls taken, the Produce of which, together with a considerable Sum of Money borrowed, and remaining due, on the Credit of the said Tolls, has been from Time to Time applied to the Purpol'es of the said Acts, by Means whereof the said Road hath been in Part improved and repaired, but the same cannot be effectually completed and maintained, and the Money lo due and owing paid, unless the Term and Powers, in and by the said Acts granted, be continued and enlarged, and the same made more effectual; and that the Powers and Authorities, requisite for improving and repairing the said Road, might be executed with more Advantage to the Road, and greater Convenience to the Trustees, if the said recited Acts were repealed (except as to the Term thereof) and the same comprized in One Act; and that the making and maintaining a Branch from and out of the said Road, by or near a Place called The Lamer Ro:v-c/ijfe, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Baccup to New Church, would be productive of great Public Utility, and very advantageous to the Country adjacent: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. of

Lancashire, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Manners Sutton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing, of the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, in the Town ,of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town, and for regulating the said Market, and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, " An Acte for " the Pavinge of Newarkeupon Trent, in the Countie of

" NottinghamAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Dv.ndas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, was referred3 That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth

Year

Rbchdale and Burnley Road Petition.

Newark upon Trent Paving Bill, presented.

Kennet and Avon Canal Petition, reported.

Petition to amend the Forth and -Clyde Navigation Act.

272 20° Februarii.A. 1798-

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Canal from the River Rennet at or near the Town of Newbury in the County of Berks to the River Avon, at or near the City of Bath; and by another Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to vary the line of the said Canal in several Parts thereof: And,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, ' That the Petitioners have made great Progress towards the executing the said Canal; but it appears, by Surveys lately made, that if the Line of the said Canal was varied in certain Parts, in the County of from the Course originally intended for it, namely, from, and out of, a Piece of Arable Land, in the Parish ol Bishop's Cannings, in the County of Wilts, lately belonging to Thomas Rigge, Esquire, deceased, to a Piece of Meadow Ground in the said Parish, belonging to R. E. Drax Grosvenor, Esquire, and from the Turnpike

Gate at the West End of Devizes, in the said County, to a Clole of Meadow Ground, belonging to Henry r ml do eke Wyndham, Esquire, in the Parish of Rozvde, in

the said County, the Line of the said Canal would be coniidc/ably shortened and improved; and that if the Line of the said Canal, instead of being carried into the River Avon, at Bath Easton Min the County of merfet, as directed by the said Acts, was varied, and carried from a Close of Land in the Parish of Bat Hampton, in the said County, lately belonging to Mr Fisher, into the River Avon, at or near Dole Mead, in the Parish of Lyncomb and Widcombe, in the said County, the Communication of the said Canal with the City of Both would be much more conveniently effected, anti the Navigation less liable to be impeded and ob-itrudted by Floods.

And the Witness being further examined, said, That it would tend to the better carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, if some of the Powers and frovisions thereof were altered and extended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to yary the Line of the Rennet and Avon Canal, authorized to be made by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend, the said Acts: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Sir William Pu/teney do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Canon, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burn Foot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Jlownness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Frith of Forth, the Petitioners were incorporated for making and completing the said Canal, under certain Orders and Regulations, and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, and which Act was further explained, enlarged, and amended, by several subsequent Acts 1 and that by another Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty-lifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the lame, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were, out of the Monies therein mentioned, authorized to pay to the Petitioners the Sum of £. 50,000 Sterling towards completing the said Navigation and other Works,-subject to certain Conditions and Provisions in the said Act contained; and that the Petitioners have received the said Sum of £. 50/500, and have now completed the Navigation and other necessary Works: But, Doubts having arisen as to the Mode of explaining and reconciling the before recited Acts, which in some Instances appear contradidlory, in so far as regards the Capital Stock of the Company, and the Manner of ascertaining the Amount of the fame, and of the Dividends to be payable thereon, the Petitioners therefore pray. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, enlarging, and amending, the said Acts, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. MMr. Heron, &c.: And they are to- meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Moffat and unto set and subscribed, was presented to the House, R0vad« Ptd-and read; Setting forth. That the Road from Moffat, tion. in the County of Dumfries, over Enick Stane Brae to Elvan Foot, in the County of Lanark, forming Part of the moll direct Line of Communication between Glasgow, Paisley, and great Part of the West of Scotland

with Carlisle, and the North West Part of England, is

very incommodious, and, in many Parts, so very lleep as to be impassable for Waggons, and other Heavy Carriages, inconvenient and hazardous for all Wheel Carriages, and dangerous to- Travellers; and that, if a new Road was made to branch off from the Road leading from Garteney, by Lockerby, to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries, at, or near to,

and from thence across the River Anan, not above a Mile from Johnston Rirk, and from thence on to the West Side of the River Anan, at, or near to, the present Bridge over the Water of Evan, near to Beatock, and along the Trail of said Water up the Valley of Evan, to, or near to, Elvan Foot, in the County of Lanark, a more convenient Communication would thereby be opened, of great Advantage to the Public, as tending to forward the Interests of Agriculture and Commerce; and that it would be a Means of facilitating the making, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, if the same was made a separate Trust from an Ail, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, and for 1 onverting the Statute Labour, within the said County, into Money, and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the same County, lb far as relates to the new Line of Road from the Point of its Separation from the present Road at or near Dinwiddie Green aforesaid, to . the Point of its Jundlion with the present Road at or near Elvan Foot aforesaid, but the said new Line of Road cannot be made, or kept in Repair, without such Tolls are levied as may be adequate for that Purpose:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. A fDowatMr. Heron, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chartfcer; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A‘Petition

Stirling and Dumbarton Roads Petition.

Southwark Roads Bill, committed.

Huntingdon Roads Petition.

38 Geo. III. 20 Febr. 273

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton, and also another Act, made in the

Thirty-spurth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ifeveral Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were granted for repairing the Roads therein particularly described, which are found to be very inadequate for keeping up the said Roads, a,nd for paying the Interest of the Money expended in the making thereof} and that, by the said Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, several Folls, Duties, and Powers were granted for repairing the Roads t herein particularly deferiped, which, in so far as the said Act relates to the new Road made from the Turnpike, over Blane, to the Turnpike Road at and

Strathblane, through the Parishes of Ki/lcam and,

blane, are likewise found to be inadequate; and that the Trustees have under the Authority of the said respective Acts, borrowed several Sums of Money, which have been expended for making 'and repairing the said Roads, and the same cannot be repaid, and the ‘ Interest discharged, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless the said Tolls and Duties are raised, and it is expedient that the said new Road from the Stockymuir Turnpike, over Blane, to the Turnpike Road at Killearn and *

blane, should be included under the same Trustas the-Roads contained in the ftrft-mentioned Act, and the said Roads altered and widened in some Places for the Accommodation of Travellers; and that it would be more convenient fqr the Trustees for executing the said first-'mentioned Act, if the same (except so far as relates to the Term thereof) j were repealed, and further and other Powers granted for repairing, the several Roads comprized therein, and also the said Road from - mttir Turnpike to Rife Road at Killearn and Strathblane: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and -Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Keith, Mr. M'Dowall, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, arid Records.

A Bill for shaking a new Road or Street from school Street, Southwark, to Hall Bridge in

Bermondsey; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same and other Roads adjoining, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord William Rujje&c,: And they are to

meet this Afternbon, at Rive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing l'eve-ral Roads in the County of herein after

described, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts have passed, for repairing Vol. 53.

the Roads from the White Pillar on Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from Stilton, in the same County, to the City of Peterborough, in the county of ; , during the

Terms of Years therein mentioned, which are near expiring; and that great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Acts, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, and for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in' such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charier the Second,'intituled, "An Act for the Encouraging and " Tncreasing of Shipping and Navigation,' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the importation of Salt.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Fortnight, the 8th Day of March next resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts, the one made and pash-d in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,' and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaref-borough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true i and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That General Farleton and Mr. George Henry Rcfe be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying fof the Repeal of an Act, passed in the

4 A > last

Act for encouraging of Shipping and Navigation, to be considercd.

Bill for regulating tin shipping of Slave, deferred.

Leeds, Harrogate, and Boroughbridge, Road Bill, reported.

Members ad-dv. <1 to Committee on Petitions for Repeal ot Clock, dec. Duty Act.

Estimlte of Navy Debt, and Accqunt of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bill9. present-cd.

674

last Session of Parliament, intituled," An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and " Watches."

The House being informed that Mf> from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1797 And also, '

A. 1798.

An Account of the bills registered on the Course of the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Offices, between the 31st December 1796 and the 31st December 1797; distinguishing the Amount registered in each Month, and specifying which of them have been paid off.

And theh he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimate, and Account, were read. *

The said Estimatp, and Account, are as followeth;

'viz.

20° Februani.

Navy Office, An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, oh the Heads hereafter men-19th February 1798.) tioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1797.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

NAVY.

Due for Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for Stores, Freight of Tenders, Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, &c> supplied for the Service of the Navy l ——

For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out the 31st December 1797, as also to several Bills of Exchange -' -

To His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - ....

For Half Pay lo Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by His Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

To pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the 31st December 1797 -

VICTUALLING, as per Account received from those Comuufioner;

Due for Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for Provisions, Stores, &c.

For Provisions delivered and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1797 - -

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers employed at the several Ports ——

For Short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off ——

SICK AND WOUNDED, a ftr Account received from those Commissioners; vim.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen let on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, Pri foners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office

TRANSPORTS, u ftr Account received from those Commissionert; viz.

Due for Bills payable at Ninety Days Date, for Freight of Transports and Stores, and for Subsistence, Cloathing, &c. of Prisoners of War in Health -

For Freight of Transports, and for Stores supplied. Wages to Officers, and Contingencies; also for Subsistence and Cloathing of Prisoners of War in Health, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1797 ——

Received of the Supplies for the Yedr 1798, in the Year 1797

From which abating the Money in the Treasurer's Hands on the 31st December 1797 (as on the other Side) - -

Particulars.

878,886 it 3

726,455 1 —

377,281 ——

130,026 ——

444>336 ——

1,052,613 ——

516,514 3 2)

18,156 13 9

100,154 19 it 63,33 3 8 31,898 17 2

673,245 12 4

365>344 7 4

The Debt of the Navy amounts to Six Million Four Hundred and Fifty--) . eight Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings >- £. and Four Pence - - - ----- ---- - -J

TOTAL.

£ 3,609,597 12 3

730,056 17 8

124,982 12 8

1,685,951 13 9

6,150,588 16 4

307,900 15 —

6,458,489 11 4

A. S. Hamond.

C. Hope.

J. Henjlow.

S. Gambier.

MEM'

0 .

38 Geo. III. 20 *

MEMBM — There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1797, in Money, as under-mentioned; and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

On the HEADS of 1 T - , ' ' 1; ,„n A

In what Treasurer's Hands. r fcaty. viauriiing. Sick and Wounded. 1 Transports. TOT At,

> £ S. dt . .1. £. s. d! £ J. d, £ d. £. S. d.

Right honkl IJaacRarre 5,852 19 10 88 5 4 10 17 9 5,952 2 Ilf

Right hon 1 W; 7 ift Tp - - - -J 5 33 4 i°i 116 H 3I to 14 II m. — — m A 5 458 II I

Right honb,e Charles ? Townsend - - - J 3,004 5 t 643 17 i 44 9 6 3,693 I 8|

Right honw H> Dundas; 7 2ndTp - - - -J 3>249 x7 3i 477 7 7 — a. 3f to 3 727 7 2 *

Ditto - New Account. 238,665 t 91 24,837 I 10 iw 11,546 n 6 71,464 I9 3 346,513 14 5

1- 256,103 8 >ii 26,163 3 2 11,613 5 ui 71 .64 19 3 365,344 17 4 *

Navy Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, Victualling, 19th February 1798. j and Transport Offices, between the 31st December 1796 and 31st December 17975

distingui thing the Amount registered in each Month, and specifying which of them have been paid off.

When registered. Navy. Victualling. transports. TOTAL;

1 d. j£ I-

23 r January 1797 - - - - 63,654 5 11 340,642 — 3 1 r5»754 — 9 720,050 6 11

1 . February ----- - 219,138 6 8 233»55° 7 4 128,652 3 9 581,340 17 9 556,691 5 3

March - - - - 240 700 19 1 199 3 7 11 4 116,672 14 10

a -1 April ----- --- 410,147 18 8 a77,946 3 6 113 853 18 1 801,948 — - 3

A) ----- -- 340,885 9 4 117,212 8 — - 114,403 1 1 572,500 18 5

! 7une 354»623 io 9 i ^ 1 3 7 146,407 18 3 614 162 12 7

ca i.SQ iU _ B July - 297,836 14 3 193,005 12 7 184,316 4 4 675,158 fi 2

August ----- - 218,963 8 1 i24 45° 7 7 122,931 7 — 466,345 2 8

September ----- - 237»75° 10 4 129,270 1 7 101,872 12 10 468,893 4 9

rs 0 C; October ----- - 212,172 13 — 134 454 1 8 169,402 — 2 516,028 14 10

JO November - - - 234,329 2 6 188,157 9 10 115,832 5 li 538,318 18 3

Si w December ----- - 455 594 17 4 193,902 11 8 94,801 8 3 744,298 17 3

The Bills registered between the") 31st December 1796 and 4th I 3 485,797 15 11 2,245,039 18 11 1,524,899 15 3 7»255>737 10 1

October 1797, have been paid > off in the regular Course ofl Ninety Days, amounting to - -J 2,606,911 5 2 1 728,525 15 9 1, 1701,144 to 1 5>5°5 58i ii ~ *

if 878,886 10 9 516 514 3 2 354 755 5 2 i 75° I55 9 1

A. S. Hamond. C. Hope. J. Henjltw. W Rule. Geo. Marsh. Geo. Rogers tV. Bellingham.

H. Harmoed,.

Vol. 53. Ordeted,

Accounts preferred;

Fitting up Houses for the Speaker and Serjeant,

% j6 20° Februarit. 1798.

Ordered, That the said Estimate, and Account, do lie An Account of Money issued to sundry Persons, at tendance upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's ueS.°mnU J-louse. . ! . Civil List Revenues, for Attendance on various Com-

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said mittees of the House of Commons, in the Session JEstimate, and Account, be printed, as shall be sufficient 1795-6, which has not been made good by Parliament: /

for the Use of the Members of the House. And also,

An Account of Money issued to George Esquire,

? ongpresentet to the House, by His Majesty's at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's lia"ic"t0rfice'

C id, ~ Civil List Revenues, for Two Years Rent of the Parlia-

ccount of IiToney' issued to Mr. Grover, at the ment Office, and which has not been made good by Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Cpiyil Parliament.

Lift Revenues, for fitting upTwo Houses for the Speaker And the Titles of the said Accounts were read, of the House of Commons, and the Serjeant at Arms, The said Accounts are as followeth j viz. which has not been made good by Parliament: And aifd,;

An ACCOUNT of-Money issued to John Thomas Groves, Esq; at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Sendees, arid which has not been made good by. Parliament.

For Works performed in the Repairs and fitting up Two Houses in St. Stephen's Court, in New Palace Tard, the one lately occupied by the Auditorof His Majesty's Exchequer, for the Residence of the Speaker of the House of Commons j and the other adjoining, formerly the Tax Office, for the Serjeant at Arms:.

For the Residence of the Speaker of the-House of Commons ——

D® - - - of the Serjeant at Arms ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 20th February 1798.

£; t.' d. £ s 4

990 1,482 8 7 2 4! -

2,472 11 — 69 19 6 2,542 10 6

Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

'£ s. d.

163 8 —

6 6 —

92 8 —

10 13 .6

32 if> 6

35 4 —

8 8 —

5 10 6

4i 12 6

5 9 T

into the High Price of Cora -

To Henry Coles, for D° - - - - on the Committee on the Bill for the Sal Com by Weight - -

To William Evatt, for D® - - - - on the Corpmittee for the Improvement of Waste Lands, and ori the General Inclosure Bill -?

der of the General Turnpike Acts ——

To George Whittam, for D - - - - on the Committee on Temporary Laws

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

To Henry Gunnell, as a Compensation for attending the Committee of the House of Commons appointed to enquire into the Circumstances of the Negotiation of the late Loan:; Session 1795-6 - -

To D®, - - - - for attending the Committee to discover the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, " Thoughts on the English Government, &c." -To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - -

To Edward George Walmesley, as a Compensation for his Attendance on the Secret Committee of the House of Lords, appointed to enquire Into the Causes which produced the Order in Council of the 26th February 1797, and making Copies of the Evidence, &c._ -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 20th February 1798.

Charles Long.

£. s. d.

326 n —

49 »

47 *

422 t6 —

An

Committee on Mutiny BiiL

Committee on Acts relating to Scotch Distillery.

38 Geo. III. 200 Februarii. 277

An ACCOUNT of the Money ififued to George Ro/e, Esq; at the Receipt of /the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service, which has not been made good by Parliament:

♦ " 1797. To enable him to pay Two Years Rent, due at Michaelmas 1796, of a House situated in Abingdon Street, Westminster, taken for the Purpose of enlarging the Parliament Office - -- -- - - - £. s. d. £. s. d.

240

To pay the Fees and Chatges attending the Receipt thereof ----- - 20 15 6 \ 260 15 6 '

' 1

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

20th February 1798. Charles Long.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several " Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, herein particularly " described, for a limited Time j and for regulating the " Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in " Scotland and also, of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive " and continue, until the First Day of March One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an Act, " passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the " Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two, videlicet, " on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several " Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particu- larly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Diftrials in Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him

Vol. 53.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

t

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Act forpre-upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in J nceat Elec-the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the tions, defer-Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and rcd‘

" Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament"

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- Du_

red to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth ties on Gold Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, p" tesil r " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on a e' c‘

M all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain " Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several " Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing " the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts " of Justice in Great Britain," the Resolution which the'

Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethj v/z.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used as and for Watch Cafes should cease and determine.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Rofr, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and, bring in the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committeeon Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John Earl ity Bill. W1U *

Vincent, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, in Confederation of the

4 B eminent

Comm »ttee on Lore! Dun-cin's Annuity Bill.

% ill ordered

respecting Lards purely :'ed for Batteries, See.

Land Tax Commissioner Names Bill, deferred.

278 20° — 210 F1798.

eminent Service performed by the said Earl Vincent to His Majesty and the Public.

Mri Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons to whom

the Title.of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in Confederation of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the larfle were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand " Five hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Seventeen " Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing " His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the " Counties of Kent and Devon," to make Compensation to the Proprietors uf such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the Purposes of the " said Act."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand " Nine hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, " to enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of " an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for revelling certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, in the former Proprietors thereof and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," to make Compensation for the " Loss or Damage sustained by the Owners or Occupiers of Lands in the County of Kent, in Consequence of an Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing " His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the " Counties of Kent and Devon" '

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Singleton, and

Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Exe-3

cution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyseven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament , for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight i and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid. to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon ThursdayMorning next.

A Bill to give further Time to comply with the Rp- ST gulations of an Act, passed in the last Session of Par- for obtaintof liament, intituled, "An Act to indemnify such Per- certain Certifons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of kted.

" Enrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several " Courts of this Kingdom," was, according to Order,

" read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof; and to prevent Vessels licensed by the Ad- miralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21° die Februarii \

Anno 38 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

R. Speaker acquainted the House, That John Mr. Benfonto Ley, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of the Table in House, was prevented by Illness from attending the Mr. Ley's Duty of his Office. AWence.

Ordered, That Mr. Benson do attend at the Table during the Absence of Mr. Ley.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Fournier's whom the' Bill for naturalizing John Lewis Fournier, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition

38 Geo. III. 2t° Februarii. 279

Newcastle- a Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders which, as it appears to the Petitioners, it is so eminently Sr&r Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Staff entitled; and the ingenious Artists, who have applied

tion. ford, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the themselves to the Study of Sculpture, have, to their

House, and read; Setting forth, That, by proper Sur- great Mortification and Injury, found that their Works

veys and Levels lately taken, it appears that a Cut or have been pirated, whereby the Fruits of their Labours , Canal may be made from the Newcaf.le-under-LymeCanal have been loft to themselves and Families, and the Art

to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Grejley, Baronet, at itself has been degraded, and many have been thereby or near the Town.of Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the said discouraged from Attempts, to which their Genius may County of Stafford, and also a Branch of Canal or have prompted them, and others have been afraid to Railway from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, put forth the Works which they may have executed $

at or near Apedale, to the Iron, Coal, and other Works, and that the Art of engraving has been manifestly ad-

of Sir John Edenfor Heathcote, and fhomas Kinnerfty, vanced to its present State of Perfection by the Pro-

Esquire, and John Wedgwood, Gentleman, at Partridge tection afforded to it by several Acts, passed during the Nejl, and Bignall End, in the said County of Stafford, Reigns of his late Majesty and the present King, and in for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, which Consequence of which Laws the Arts in general have will open an easy Communication between the said received essential Benefit, and the Commerce of this.

Two Navigations, will facilitate the Conveyance of Iron, Country has been very widely extended: And therefore Lime-stone, Coals, and other Mines and Minerals, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to Goods and Merchandize, and will otherwise be of great secure to their Authors the Copy Right of all New Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may Models in Sculpture of the Human Figure and Animals, be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining for a Time to be limited.

such Navigable Canal and other Works, in such Man- That the said Petition be referred to the

ner, and with such Powers and Provisoes, and under Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as' it shall feern meet. shall appear to them, to the House

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And it is referred to Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- rnay, Mr- &c.: And they are to meet To *

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's shall appear to them, to the House: Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers,

And it is referred to the Earl Gower Sutherland, Sir and Records.

Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's The House being informed that Mr. , from the Accwiiits Chamber; and have'Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in p te and Records. and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to

their Orders,

Gieler's Nat. Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes - Net Produce

gjkpre- Order, a Bill for naturalizing Carl Friedrich defer:for One Year, ended the 5th of January 1798, distin- of T xe‘-And the same was received; and read the First Time. guishing each Quarter, and distinguishing also (he Du- Resolved, That the Bill bereada Second Time. ties imposedin 1793, 1794,1795, 1796, andi 797: And

also,

Petition for A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Income and

unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th of Models'in Setting forth, That the Art of Sculpture, which is con- January 1798. Fund.

Sculpture. feffedly the Foundation of every Thing elegant and And then he withdrew. '

ornamental in Arts and Manufactures, has not hitherto And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

experienced from the Legislature that Protection to The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 53.

An

D cq"

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

oo

ft

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the TAXES for One Year, ended the 5th of January 1798; distinguishing each Quarter: And distinguishing also

the DUTIES imposed in 1793» 1794, 1795> 1796 and 1797.

Consolidated CUSTOMS, after deducing £; 29,169. computed Quarterly Sum to be carried)

to the Duties pro Anno 1708 - - - -1

EXCISE.....: - \

of Duty on Paper Anno 1794, £. 18,750. being Jth Partof £.75,000. the Ave-7 rage Annual Produce of former Duties then repealed - - J

of Duty on Spirit Licences Anno 1794, £. 9,000. being Jth Part of £.36,000.1 Average Annual Produce of former Duties then repealed I

STAMPS ..... J.

of Duty on Hats Anno 1796, £. 2,369. 17. 9. being Jth Part of ,£.9,479. 11. Ave-

Consolidated Reserved out

Reserved out <

Consolidated Reserved out

Reserved out Reserved out

rage Annual Produce of former Duties then repealed - - }

of Duty on Bills and Receipts Anno 1794, £.32,150. being |th Part of £.128,600. 7 Average Annual Produce of former Duties then repealed J of Duty on Legacies Anno 1796, £. 10,269. 15. being Jth Part of £.41,079 Ave-7 rage Annual Produce of former Duties then repealed, to complete De- > fluencies to 5th Jpril 1797, and £. 7,238. 3. 10. in Part to 5th July 1797 3

INCIDENTS:

Consolidated Letter Money, being the Annual Average Produce of the Duty prior to the Year 1795 D° - - - . Salt, 1760 -

Seizures ----- -- D°-

P refers - -- -- - D° -Alum Mines ----- - D° -

Compositions - -- - D°-

Rent of a Light House - - - D° -

Deduction on Pensions > - 1721-

I/. - D3 - on Salaries - - 1758-

Houses and Windows - - - 1766-

Jnhabited Houses - - - - 1779 -

Hawkers and Pedlars - - - 1710 - *

Hackney Coaches and Chairs - -1711 and 1784 -

Male Servants ----- 1785-

D° -

D» - -

D3 -

Horses

Four Wheeled Carriages - -Two Wheeled - D® - - -Arrears of Female Servants D° - - Waggons -

D# - -Carts - - - - -D° - - Houses and Windows

D°--D°....

1 D° - - Men Servants - -First Fruits of the Clergy Tenths of D -Alienation Duty -

Lottery Licences -

D°

D°

D *

747-

1758.

>7 77-

In the QUARTERS ended

5th April 5th JOLY 10th October A 5th January

1797. 1797. 1797. 1798.

£' ' d. £' £ £' d-

658,189 15 2f 252,038 2 6 69 335 4 8 780,582 13 iof

1,440,935 10 iof 1,952,364 18 — i 1,748 095 3 9 1,873,610 9 2f

18,750 — 18,750 — — 18,750 — — 181750

- _ 30,500 — — 9,000 — — - 9,000

270,762 — 279,990 307,187 19 10 83,969 — —

4.837 13 3 2,369 17 9 ,369 17 9 2,369 17 9

32,150 — — 32,150 32,iso 32,150

5,319 13>855 11,463 18 10 18 094

* 430.943 9 4 2,582,017 18 3$ 3 399 352 4 IO 3,013,526 — 10

102,639 — — 102,639 — 102,639 — — 102,639 —

82,607 15 7 86,378 II Ilf 100,583 15 7 124,491 13 8

3 >7 i« 8 8,458 10 6| 1.704 7 3 10,148 12 8

22 18 307 283 12 6 10 — —

480 480 (L Q

1 3 4 - 0 5

6 13 4 — — " —

9,000 — — 10,000 — — 12,000 — 18,693 — —

3,500 10.534 14 6 7,000 — 12,98 11 4f

53.55S 7 4i 127,511 — if 32,846 19 6 98,352 4 1 of

30,379 IO 2f 53,891 6 6f 34,863 19 41,695 7 iof

1,320 — — - 720 — — 2.1 5 — 1.365

5 5oo 5,800 7,000 5,700

13 405 13 ij 37.876 15 6 3 718 >9 9 31,422 — I

13,187 12 7 37,610 10 3j 4.5 3 8 5t 38,322 5 8j

3 359 1 51,614 1 10 30,781 17 4 48,246 19 — f

5 759 9 5 21,807 13 4f 6,292 14 i 15,319 1 8f

4 »5 — 9 1 3 —

10 16 — 3 12 6. 28 — — " *

1 18 — 2 16 3 9 12 —

__ — 3.833 9 7r t

— — 9,862 5 8f — " mmmm

— — 1,721 8 8 — — MM

— ~ — — — " 433 3 6

347.909 6 570,580 — IO 366,690 19 5 551,827 7 2

For the YEAR ended 5th January

1798.

£ 2,960,146 6 3 7,015,006 1 10J

75,000 — —

48,500 — _ 1,141,908 19 I0 n.947 6 6 128,600______

- 44 73 18 10

1 i«4 S ®4o 13

410,556

393.861

23,485

623

960

1

6

49»693

34 0 3

312,265

160,830

5 S3o

24,000

96,1S7

103,910

s54»°oi

49 179

3

42

H

16

12

10

9 *

i *

10

2 _4

5 1 of

11 >4 2,o *

3i

8 84

16 3

" J

3 33 19 ,x 9,862

'7 I 1

.433 3

OO

o

2i° Februarii. 1798.

British Spirits, 1791 Foreign D *

o

p

Ln

DUTIES pro Anno 1793:

1

DUTIES pro Anno 1794:

Sugar, 1791 ——

Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Annual Average Produce of former Duties as aforesaid CJame Duty ——

/. 10. per Cent. ——

British Spirits, 1794 ——

Foreign D° ——

Spirit Licences, after reserving the Annual Average Produce of former Duties as aforesaid

Glass -....

Bricks and Tiles; Customs -

D° ----- - Excise - - N- ——

Paper, Excise, after reserving the Annual Average Produce of former Duties as aforesaid D Customs ——

Slates and Stones - -

Attornies Articles ——

o

CQ

r\i

CD

Q_

cr

DUTIES pro Anno 1795:

British Spirits ——

Foreign D ——

Wines ——

Sweets - - -

Cocoa, See. - ....

Stamps - -

Ship Policies

Hair Powder Certificates ——

Receipts ——

Fruits - i -

Coals ——

Tea - - - -..... ——

Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Annual Increase of Revenue, by Reason of the 7

Refliiftion of Franking per Act 350 Georgii tij. Rs. J

o

o

(S

FT

35, J, I — — 22,300 — — 4-799 — — 14,042 — — 76,452

7 914 39, j, 7 23.59, 34,897 — — 125,920 — —

63,225 — "» 6l,8t7 — — 28,391 — — 48,939 202,372

i IjC04 a 7. 4,924 8 10 125,484 a 11 t J 72,292 15 lof 213.705 IO z\

5(o46 3 (,37 42,036 8 — - 2,273 — — 52,992 8 —

7-458 2.177 4,05515 — 8 795 - — 22,485 15 —

8,225 4 9J 43,089 |6 6i 16,324 4 7 25,870 3 3 i 93.509 9 2i

36,002 — > — 23,24- 4,c9D 14.140 77-479

30,515 .29,512 233 L7 38 552 121,906 — - —

— — 35 000 62 361 5 — 97,361 5 —

,3 S2$ 9,510 ia, 64 — — 10,709 — 45,808 — —

6,768 — 94° 10c 18 4 106 14 1 361 12 lof

— . — >S4 — Si 14.943 — — 24,982 — — 47 633

19,092 — 16,997 21,243 — 23.688 — 81,020 — _

6 — — . '83 7 -f 1,015 5 8 , 1,570 11 8f 4-775 4 5

1,842 — 10 3,151 l6 lOf 4.OOOO 3 2f 3,820 13 si 12.814 14 44.

3,861 4.O95 6,216 — 10 2,897 — — 17,069 — 10

143,344 8 21 143,618 9 9 309,899 18 6i 292,058 3 5! 888,920 11

36,249 ,3,651 3,241 — — 23,281 7 76,422 — —

29,052 — — 9 364 24,914 38,214 — — I2i„44 — —

61,729 32,94? 94,529 53 53 242-735

929 — — 1,673 2,361 — — 473 — — 5)430

5,592 4,920 5,367 6,412 — — 22,291 — —

10,923 11,102 13,128 8 2 6,766 — — 41,919 8 2

19,297 26,021 — — 27.833 14 6 20,814 — — 93,965 14 6

6,747 83,295 87,068 13 7 10,184 — 187,294 13 7

1,660 — — I.272 — — 2,571 6 9 > 435 6,938 6 9

12,409 5 9 20,9 9 16 10 21,895 5 4 43,717 12 — 98,931 19 11

756 18 3 4 354 6 8i 5,321 12 n£ 3,583 11 1 14,016 9 —

I,8l2 — 98,643 6'.357 37.168 5 2 198,980 5 2

10,000 — — 10.000 ~ — 10,006 — — 10,000 — ~ 40,000 — —

>97»«S6 4 — 348,150 3 6| — 359 588 1 3f 245,580 8 3 .150.47417 *

- 1 . (Continued.)

oo

38 Geo. III. 210 Februarii.

r

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

DUTIES pro Anno 1796:

Horses ——

Tobacco ——

Horse Dealers Licences - -

Wine, Excise - - - .

Wine, Customs ——

Sweets ——

Legacies, after reserving the Annual Average Produce of former Duties as aforesaid.

Hats - after reserving - . — - D°--- D° - -- D°-Two Shillings additional Duty on Horses - - .

Dogs....

£. 10 per Cent....

The computed Annual Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Waste on Salt -

Taken out of Consolidated Customs, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on Account of 7

the Reduction on the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar - J

DUTIES pro Anno 1797:

Clocks and Watches - - - - -.....-

Pepper ——

£. 20 per Cent. x - - -....

British Spirits ——

Foreign D° - -- -- --....

Audi on s ——

Deeds ——

Cocoa, &c.. - -.

£. 5 per Cent. Customs ——

Stage Coaches ——

Sugar ——

Bricks ——

Tea - .....-

Surplus of Consolidated Letter Money, after reserving the several Sums of £ 410,556. and

£.40,000, pursuant to Ad 35 Geo. Ill Houses ——

Horses ——

TOTAL of - CUSTOMS, EXCISE, and STAMPS -Do ----- --INCIDENTS....

Do

D»

D *

Do

D°

---- DUTIES pro Anno 1793

- -.....>79+

...... 1795

.....179$

..... ..... 797

Exchequer, the 21st Day of Februay 1798.

In the QJLJ A R T E R S ended For the YEAR ended 5th Jakuaxy 1798-

th Apx.il 79.7 5th July 1797- 10th October. 1797- 5thjANUAitr 1798.

£-~ ' 4,230 39511 277 »55S 49,860 7 6 957 I3»978 6 9 4,520 ,525 8,517 8 6f 8,000 — — 29,169 i 5 £ /' ' 33,635 39,968 — — - 221 — — 98,109 — — 70,329 16 1,729 8.55 3 35 595 29.970 45,7 3 11 6f 8,000 — — 29,169 1 5 12,100 — — 37,469 3 7 >> 9 3,124 7i,4®5 12 7f 2.444 26,881 19 — 7,850 8,450 — — 20,050 4 9 8,000 — — 29,169 1 5 £. s. d. 31.585 3 51,307 32a — — 94.548 99 57 — 49° 3-945 3 27,264 8 z 1 23,79615 51 24,575 I lof 8,000 — — - 29,169 1 5 £. d. 8'.SS® 3 7 168,255 1,147 >> 9 198,336 290,852 17 9f 5,620 — — 53.356 10 3 75,229 8 11 6 .74> >5 Si 98,856 6 9j 32,000 — — 116 76' 5 8

163,100 4 2} 400,990 12 z\ 227,271 9 6f 393.259 ‘4 3 1,184,622 — 2f

31,831 — 23,958 - — 2,242 — 14,853 — »«3'4 500 — 6 3,°7S S.093 14 12,361 — — 23,466 — — 21,906 — — 9 445 20,97s 651 10.878 — — 24,653 10 10 271 7 3 9 33,361 — 19,301 18 3 2,000 — — 4>48 I 23,79° lO, Il8 — 108,467 15 6 874 — — 14,041 2 8 120,454 17 i{ 7,702 4 939 38,361 300" — — 38.745 14 uf 43,620 — — I2.476 — — 37,671 11,591 105,086 — I>5,3 9,549 121,444 11 8 12,972 — — 76,789 9 8 48,361 — — 600 — — 600 — 300 58,047 13 2| 45.620 — 72,254 107,325 33.396 249,381 15 6 4,35a 500 — 6 37 543 a 8 271,646 14 5 20,945 — — 236,047 9 8 13 2,444 — — 600 — — 600 — —

9S»I27 1 262,925 10 10 391,53° 13 7 521,318 16 3 1,271,002 15 nf

M30'943 >9 4 347,9°9 1 6 63,225 >43-344 8 2$ 197,156 4 — 163,100 4 95,227 15 2f 2,582017 18 3J 570,580 — 10 61,817 143,618 9 9 348,150 3 6| 400,990 12 2| 262,925 IO IO 3,3093521410 306,69019 3 28,391 — 309,899 18 6\ 359-S88 3} 227,271 9 6i 39M3° >3 7i 3,013,526 — 10 5 51,8 2.7 7 2 48,939 292,058 3 5 245,580 8 3 393 59 >4 3 521,318 16 3 11,425,840 13 3f 1,837,007 8 9 202,372 888,920 I9 11 1,150,474 17 I 1,184,622 — f 1,271,002 15 Ilf

3,440,906 12 5! 4370,099 15 5 5,082,724 17 1 5,066,509 10 2} 17,960,240 15 2f

James Fisher.

21 Februarii. A. 1798

o

r

Ox

U

D cq'

r+

n' CD ‘ Q_

cr

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charoes upon, the CONSOLIDATED FUND, for the Quarter ended the 5th of January 1798.

INCOME.

O

o

o

GO_

FT

Customs....

Excise....

Stamps - - - -....

Salt....

Letter Money, by A a 37 Geo. 111. - /. 102,639 — — Ditto - by Ditto - - - 10,000 — —

Surplus of Letter M rnjy - - - 5; 1,361 — —

A um Mines.

Seizures....

Prefers - ....

Hawkers and Pedlars . ....

Hackney Conches - - . ....

Houses and Windows, 1766 -

Houses - 1779 ——

Male Servants ——

Horses ——

Compositions ——

Four Wheeled Carriages -

Two Wheeled Ditto ——

6d. per Lib. on Pensions ——

I/. Ditto - - Salaries ——

British Spirits, 1791 ——

Foreign Ditto ——

Sugar ——

Bills and Receipts - 32,150 — —

Surplus of Ditto - -- -- - 2,273 — —

Game Duty -

/. 10 per Cent. ——

British Spirits, 1794 ——

Foreign Ditto ——

Attornies Articles ——

Glass....

Bricks (Excise) ——

Ditto (Customs) ——

Paper, Ditto ——

Slates and Stones ——

Distillers' Licences ----- -- 9,000 — —

Surplus of Ditto - 62,361 5 —

Paper (Excise) ----- --- 18,750 — —

Surplus of Ditto - -- -- - 23688 — —

British Spirits, 1795 -

Foreign Ditto ——

Cocoa, Ac. ——

Carried over - /.

H

R

E.

/ /. d.

790,564 — S\

1,897,406 12

283,969 — —

124,491 3 8

164,000 — —

10,611 12 5

10 — —

M65 — —

5»7°° — _ —

101,352 4 toil

4«,695 7 io|

3!»422 — 1

38,322 5 4

— 6 8

48,246 19 . 1 z

15,319 1

18,693 — —

12,988 11 ♦i

14,042 — —

34 97 — —

72,292 iof

34-4 3 — —

8795 — —

25,870 3 3i

14,140 — —

38,55 — —

2,897 — —

10,709 — —

24,982 — —

jo6 4 1

1,570 11 1

3,820 13 5!

7 361 5 —

42,438 — —

13,281 —

3 8,2'4 — —

6,412

4,044,962 1 — 3i[

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities, a-7ths, for 2 and 3 Lives, for 3 Months ----- -- - due

- - - /. 37,000 per Week, with the Salaries of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for 3 Months, due

- - - Anno 1706 - - - - with Ditto - -- -- -- - due

- - - — 1707 - - - - with Ditto..... due

- - - Per 1 ft Act 170S - - with Ditto - -- -- -- - due

- - - — 2d Act 1708 - - with Ditto -- - ----- ----- ----- ---- due

- - - On Lives, Anno 1745, for Six Months, - -- -- - - -- -- due

- - 1746, Ditto - - - -. - due

- - - - ‘ - - 1757, Ditto - -- -- - -.....- - due

- ----- -- 1778, Ditto - -- -- -- due

- ----- -- 1779, Ditto - -- -- -- due

BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their Capital of /. 3,200,000, at/. 3 per Cent, per Ann. for 3 Months, due the 12th November 1797 -

Ditto - - - /. 500,000 - at Ditto ----- -- due cth January 1798 -

Ditto - - - /. 1,250,000 - - at Ditto ----- -- due Ditto - -

Ditto - - £. 1,750,000 - - at Ditto - - due Ditto ——

Ditto - - - /.„ 986,800 - - at Ditto ----- -- due Ditto ——

Ditto - - - /. 4,000,000 - - at Ditto ----- -- due Ditto ——

cth January 1798 Ditto

Ditto - -Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuity at /. 3 per Cent, and Management, on/. 24,065,084. 13. 1 their present Capital, for 3 Months, doe 5th January 1798

CHIEF CASHIER of the SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuity at /. 3 per Cent, on /. 1,019,600, for Six Months, due 5th January 1798 ——

Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time, after abating /. 141. 3. 9. for the Half of £ 282. 7. 6. being after the

Rate of /. 362. 10. per Million, on the Sum of £. 514,000, purchased by the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt before 5th July 1797. ——

£. i. d 28,794 ——

395 6

CHIEF CASHIER of the BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuity at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. on /. 173,179,696. 5. ij. for 6 Months, due 5th January 1798 ——

For faiisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time, after abating/. 2,975. 12. 6. for the Half of

/. 5 95; 5 at the Rate of /.450. per Million on the Principal Sum of/. 13,225,000. purchfded by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, before 5th July 1797 - - - r

»597>695 8 jof

35,989 16 ij

Annuity at £. 3 per Cent, on £. 16,444,173. 4. 10. purfoant to an Act 37 Geo. III. in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills

cancelled, for the same Time ——

Annuity at £.3 per Cent, on£.633. 9. 2. (added to the above by the said Act, in lieu of Navy Bills, Ac. cancelled) the

Certificates for which were not made Stock at the Bank on 5th July 1797, for One Year and an Half, due 5 th January 1798 ——

£ d.

246,617 12 6\

28 10 6{

2,633.685 4 iij

Charges of Management on/. 16,441,809. 4. for One Year and an Half, dne 5th January <798 - -

Annuity at/. 3 per Cent, for Six Months, due 5th January 1798, on /. 1,999,699. 4. 4. pursuant to the said Act 37 Geo.

111. in lieu of Exchequer Bills cancelled ——

Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for One Year and an Half, due 5th January 1798 -

Annuity at/. 3 per Cent, on/. 6,478,680. 11. 1. for Six Months, due 5th January 1798, to such of the Contributors for

raising /. 14,500,000 for the Service of the Year 1797, who completed their whole Payments on or before the ad July 179; ——

Annuity at /. 3 per Cent, on /. 11,646,319. 8. 11. for One Year, due 5th January 1798, to such of the Contributors who

did not make good their whole Payments at 5th July 1797, but have since completed the same -

246,646 3 i

11,098 4 5

29,995 9 9

1 349 5 ni

97,180 4 t

349.389 it 8

57>744 7 61 3 »345 S 8i

44 569 15 10

Carried over -

£ 2,048 18

7 957 6,181 2

2,038 — 1,229 3 2,649 6,159 11,233 12,283

> 384

2,587

d

10-

6

z

5

12

16

9

4

31

6

6

6

3-

25,000 — —

3,75° — —

9,375 ——

13,125 ——

7,401 ——

30,474 10 io|

83,993 3 Si

29,189 6 6

3.369 344 14

3,727,406 3 1

10

00-

38 Geo. III. 21 Februarii.

INCOME, continued.

g

cq"

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

oo_

?r

Brought over -

Tea....

Fruit, &e.

Coals, &c. - - ....

Hair Powder Cetificates ....

Wine - -..... ——

Sweets - -

Ship Policies -....

Receipts -..... -

Stamps - - ....

Tobacco, See. 1796 -

Horse Dealers Licences ....

Salt - - . ....

£ 10 per Cent. -....." ' '

Hories - . ....

2x. Duty on Ditto - -- - - -- --Wines (Customs) ——

Ditto (Excise) -

Sweets ——

Hats -..... - - - £. 2,369 17

Surplus of Ditto - -- -- - 3,945 2

Legacies to complete Deficiencies to 5th April 1797 and in Part to 5 th July 1797 ——

Bogs....

Sugar, 1797....

Bricks (Excise) ——

Cocoa Nuts ——

Tea....

British Spirits ——

Foreign Ditto - r -

Stage Coaches ——

Auctions ——

£. 5 per Cent.

Deeds ——

Pepper.....---

£. 20 per Cent. ——

Horses..... ——

Houses....

Clocks and Watches ——

Licences for felling Lottery Tickets ——

Stamps, per Bank ——

Money paid by Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest of £. 1,875,000, created in respect of £. 1,500,000 advanced to the Government of Ireland in Part of a Loan of £.14,500,000 raised A0 1797 ——

Money paid by Abn Newland, Esq; on Account of the Co;n-missioners for issuing Exchequer Bills -.

4.044,902

J- B

— 3i

37.168 s 2

43.7 7 12 —

3.583 11 1

10,184 — —

.53.53 — — -

473' — —

20,814 — —

»435 — —

6,766 — —

5>»3°7 —

322 — —

8,000 — —

4»S75 1 i©i

3».585 3 7

27,264 8 11

99- 57 — 8£

94,548 — —

490

6,3 5 — —

13,094 _ —

22,756 5 5i

121,444 11 8

— —

CHARGE, continued.

Brought over - -

£ a 3,727,406 3 11

J>5‘3 ——

76,789 9 8

12,476 ——

37,671 ——

9 549 ——

11,591 ——

105,086 — -

3a>745 >4 «»£:

43,620 — ---

6co — . —

600 ——

300 — —

2 453 3 6

6,cco — _

90,875 ——

31,coo ——

£. ' < '

Annuity at £.5 per Cent, per Ann. on £. 25,820,491. 3. 10. for Six Months, due 5th January 1798 by Acts 24, 25, 34, 35, and 36 Geo. III. Rs. 645,512 5 7

For satisfying and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time.....v . 5,809 12 z\

Annuity at£. 5 per Cent, on £. 2,030,596. 7. 2. for the same Time, by Act 37 Geo. III. in lieu of Navy and Victualling

Bills cancelled - . - -

Annuity at £. 5 per Cent, on £.4,293. 3. 11. for One Year and an Half, due 5th January 1798/added to the above by the said Act, the Certificates for which were not made Stock at the Bank on 5th July 1797

Charges of Management on£. 2,034,889. 11. 1. for One Year and an Half, due 5th January 1798 -

Annuity at £. 5 per Cent. on£. 270,202. 4. 8. for Six Months, due 5th January 1798, by Act 37 Geo. III. jn lieu oi

chequer Bills cancelled ——

Charges of Management of the said Annuities for One Year and an Half, due 5th January 1798 .

Annuity at £. 3 per Cent, on £. 1,000,000, by Act 12 Geo. I. for Six Months, due 5th January 1798 -

For answering and paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

£. /. d.

50,764 18 2

651,321 17

9i

329 19

95

51,086 >7 >1 *

* 373 11

6,755 I

- 182 7

52,460 8 Ilf

6,937 8 10

15,000 — — -225 ——

Annuity at£. 3 per Cent, on £. 32833,333. 6. 8. created by an Act 35 Geo. III. by reason of £. 4,600,000 advanced by a Loan to the Emperor

of Germany, for Six Months, due lft November 1797; his Imperial Majesty having neglected to make Provision for Payment of the said Annuities, they are, by the said Act, at 5th January following payable out

of the Consolidated Fund -

Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time ....

£. /. d.

Annuity of £. 230,000 per Annum, granted by the said Act for 25 Years, for the same Time - - - 115,000 — —

Charges of Management of the said Annuties, for the same Time - - 1 293 5 "

57, oo ——

862 10 —

Annuity at £. 3 per Cent, on £. 3,669,300, created by Adf 37 Geo. III. by reason of £. 1,620,000, advanced as above, for the same Time

Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

58,362 10 —

116,293 15 —

82 559 5 — 1,238 7 9J

Annuities by Acts and 5 King William and Queen Mary, commonly called £. 14 per Cents, which ceased on 14th February 1792, and are to

be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, for Three Months, due 5th January 1798 ——

Annuities for 96 Years by Acts 5 and 6 of the same Reign, which ceased at 5th February 1792, and are to be placed to the said Account, for the same Time -

12,128 15 7$

1 591 8 —

For the Support of His Majesty's Household -..... .....for Three

Edward Roberts, Esq; First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, on £.650 per Annum, formerly paid to the Auditor of Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, but now payable to him by Act 23 Geo. III. Rs.

Ann Cafs, late Office Keeper in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences Thq Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances

Months, due 5th January 1798

the Receipt of Exchequer, for Salaries to~the

His Royal Highness the Duke of GlouceUer, on his Annuity of

Ditto - -- - Ditto ——

Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esq; - - Ditto ——

Thefarl of Chatham - -- -- - Ditto ——

Lord Rodney - -- -- - - - Ditto ——

Lord Heathfield - -- Ditto ——

Lady Dorchester ----- -- on her Ditto - - - -'

The Marquis of Bute, late one of the Auditors of the impreft, on an Annuity cf Philip Deare, Esq; late a Deputy Ditto ——

John V/igglesworth, Esq, Ditto

---£. 8,000, ----£. 9,000,

- - - - £.3,000,

- - - £ 4,000 *

----£. 2,000, ~ - £. i 5°°>

- - £.1,000,

‘ - £'7>°oo>

- on £. 300 per Ann. on £. 300 per Ann.

Charles Harris, Esq; late a Clerk in the Office of Ditto - - on £.200 per Ann.

To Sir William Musgrave, Bart, one of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts on an Annuity of £. 1,000, John Thomas Bate, Esq; another - - -- -- -- on Ditto -

William Chamberlayne, Esq; ancther -

Sir John Dick, Bart, another ——

John Martin Leake, Esq; another ——

Eor Salaries to Clerks and fer Contingencies in the Office of the said Commissioners ——

Sir George Yonge, Bart. Mailer of His Majesty's Mint in England, towards the Expences of the said Mint Robert Hepburne, Jun. - - - Ditto ----- Scotland, towards the Expences of the said Mint The Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Quarter ended the 5th January 1798

- - - on Ditto - -

- - - on Ditto £.500 -

- - on Ditto - - - .

for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto for Ditto

due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

— due Ditto

OO

4 "

710,71915 7 15,225 —

258,453 >7 9l

13,720 3 7

224,500 — —

IO —

IO --

l62

3,262 2,000 2 2 50 750

1,000 -- —

500 — — I

375 ----- -!

250 ----- --i

J 7S° ——

75 ——

75 ----- --1

50 ——

250 — — 250 — — 250 — —

125 — —

125 ——

1,500 ——

3 45 ——

1,2C0 ---- —

250, COO —

1

2;

vO

OO

o

g

cq"

i — h"

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

?r

imprert Money re-paid by J. White, Esq; on Account of

Richard Rigby - - .

D° - - - by J. Smith, Esq; Agent for the

Bahama 1 (lands - -

D° - - - - by the Executors of Col. Pringle,

Col. of the Royal Engineers -

D° - - - by Matthew Forfter, Commissary

at the Leeward Islands - -

D° - - - - by Colonel Tho1 Hartcup, of the

Engineers

I}® - - - - by the Representatives of Major

John Carden, late Quarter Master General at Montreal - ~

D .....by Tho1 Rudfell, late Barrack

Master at Corsica - - *

D - - - by William Chinnery, Esq; Agent % for New South Wales -

- - by Jn°MacnamaraHayes, late Phy-

fician to the Hospital in North America -

D° - - - - by Sir John Dulling, Ute Governor of Jamaica - *

D° - - - by Alex' Adair, on Account of W.

Brummell, Agent to the OutJ Pcnfioners of Chelsea Hospital.

Imprest Money, by Alex' Adair, Esq; on Account of Henry1

Ilcddan, Secretary to Lord Cornwallis -

Carried over - - £.

3 >223 19 7 >9 Si 83 3 10 700 — — 11 10 7

45 3 64 9 7 1,4 6 1$ 11

344 11 9 44 >9 1

5,917 2 — 54 *

n

S>z 5>7° 4 7i

e

a

o

3

6

E

c3

o

fl

0

3

B.

l 8 i u

M

s

6,a50,000, £, 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, created by Act 33 Geo. III.

11,000,000, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, created by Act 34 Geo. 111. - ,

,750.000, £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - - ~Dhto -

9,680 per Ann. being £. 1 per Cent, on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 11 s. 5 /. per Qpnt. on the said £. 11,000,000, granted for 66£ Years, by the said Act, at the-End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann.

On the Capital Stock of £. 1,926,525 12 . $d. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, created 34 Geo. III. in lieu of Navy Bills

cancelled . ——

On the Capital Stock of £. Ditto - - - £ Ditto ----£, On the Sum of - - £

£. 4. d.

15.625 —

.27,500 — — 6,875 —

2,420 — 4,816 6 3

41,611 6 3

On the Capital Stock of £.

Ditto - - - - £. On the Sum of - - £

18,000,000, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities 6,000,000, £ 4 per Cent. Annuities 12,835, being A 1 perCent. on the future actual V per Cent, on the above £.18,000,000, above ....

On the Capital Stock of £.

On the Capital Stock of £.

Ditto ----£.

On the Sum of - - £.

On the Capital Stock of £

7 ! - - - created by 45,000 — —

6d. [ as olm.1 15,000 —

3,208 15 —

t -1 I - 'I 4,024 14 lof

Ditto -

On the Sum of - - £«

On the Capital Stock of £

21,595,80°, Part of £.21,600,000 (£.4,200 being forfeited) £.3 per CenO Consolidated Annuities, in respect of £. 18,000,000 borrowed 4,500,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, in respect of the said £. 18,000,000 borrowed- ——

8,460, being £. 1 per Cent, on the Annuity of 6s. 6 d. per Cent, for 645 Years 8,934,200, Part of £.9,000,000, (£.65.800 being forfeited) £.3 per Cent# Consolidated Annuities, in respect of£. 7,500,000 borrowed - \\

1,859,625, Part of £. 1,875,000 (£. 15,375 being forfeited) £. 3 per Cent. Re.

' duced Annuities, in respect of the said £. 7,500,000 borrowed 2,925, being £. 1 per Cent, on the Annuity of 5 r. 6d. per Cent, for 63 \ Years 4,414,074. 4 ;6<f. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills cancelled - -

created by A&i 36

Geo. III.

53,989 10 —

11,250 ——

,115 ——

67,233 9 iof

r\ " 335

4.649

73 *

10 —

1 3

5 —

Li 1,035

3 15 ' £ 5 perCent. Annuities, Part of 20,250,000 (£.125,156. 5 . eing forfeited) in respect of £ 18,000,000 borrowed

16,441,809. 4 . £ 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in lieu of Ditto 765,427. 11 /. 6d. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Ditto -2,034,889. 11 /. 1 d £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Ditto 1,999,699. 4 . 4</. £.5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in Beu of Exchequer Bills cancelled - -

104,432. 5 . Sd. £.4 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Ditto 207,202. 4 . &d. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Ditto -

20,124,843.

being I

18.125.000, £ 3 Cent. Consolidated Annuities, being an additional Capital > of £. 25 per Cent, on £. 14,500,000 borrowed

7.250.000, £ 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, being an additional Capital of £, 50 per Cent, on the said£. 14,500,000

2.900.000, £ 4 per Cent. Annuities, being an additional Capital of £. 20 per

Cent, on the said £. 14,500,000 ....

5,920 per Aon. being £. 1 per Cent on the Annuity of 6/. 6d. per Cent, for 621 Years, on the said £. 14,500,000 -

On the Capital Stock of £ 3,669,300 Imperial Annuities, at £. 3 per Cent, in respect of £ 1,620,000 borrowed

Ditto - - - - £.

Ditto ---£. Ditto --- - £.

Ditto ----£.

Ditto ---«£ Ditto ----£. Ditto ----£

Ditto - - - £»

Ditto £.

Ditto ----£

On the Sum of - £

nr

Carried over -

416,269 6 2j

5.635,949 6 4 *

OO

38 Geo. III. 1° Februarii.

r

I N C OME, cm tinned' Brough t/over

Money paid by Tho Bullock, Agent for the late Province of Senegambia -

D° - -by Claude Scott, on Account of Corn, Sec. fold for the Use of Government - - .

D - - by Edward Robert , Esq; Resid oe of Fee

Imprest D° by the Right Honourable H. E. Fox, Quarter Mailer General on thg Continent -

Money brought to this Account, being the Sum reserved in the Exchequer, at loth 06lober 1797, for the Use of the Public, in respect of the Annuities for the Nominees appointed by the Com mi Hi oners of the Treasury, pursuant to an Act 30 Geo. III. Rs. ——

Arrears of 59th 4/. Aid A 1795 -

D° - - 60th 41. D° - 796

D# Malt Duty - 1796

X.

5,245,701 4

d>

7i

95° " —

xovoooo w

34,000 — —

276 10 9-

CHARGE, continued *

Brought over -

\ )hn Penn, Esq; of Stoke Pogis, in the County of Berks, cm his Annuity of £. 3,000,' for Three Months, due 5th January 1798

lichardl Penn, Esq; of Queen An e Street, Wed, Midd, efex, on Ditto , iis Royal Highness the Duke of Y -clc - - - - on Ditta

His Royal Hignness the Duke of Clarence - - - - on Ditto

Her Royal Higfeaefs rhcDutchefs of York - - - - & her Ditto

1 iis Royal H»ghness the Prince of Wales ----- oir his Ditto

£ 1,000, per Ann. fur Ditto £ 14 000, per Aon. lor Ditto

£ la.oooo, per Ann. for Ditto - - -: -

£ 4,000 per Ann for Ditto ....

.65,000, per Ann. for Ditto -

The Right honourable Henry Aduington, Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete his Allowance from 29th September 1797 to 25th December 1797, at the „ Rate of £. 6,qgo per Anti, according to the Particulars of a Certificate ia chat Behalf ——

To pay off and cancel Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to an Ail 3 5 Geo. III. to enable His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount Thomaa Marika®, Esq Secretary to the Conaroifiooera for issuing Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount by Act 35 Geo. III. for defraying the necessary Charges

attending the Execution of the said Act - -

£. s. d.

Fhe Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Necellaricsfupplied in the Quarter ended 5 th Jwly 1796 - - i i 737 19 — i

10th October 2796 - -' - - - 855 14 7

12,205 — 10 17.561 1 si 107,364 17 4r? «i 5

5,418,47 6 6

John R.eves, Esq; Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police, established pursuant to Act 3 Geo. III. to pay the Salaries of Clerks, fcc. of the said Offices To the Chief Cashier of the Governor and (Company of the Bank of England, to reimburse so much paid for Fees of various Natures at the Exchequer, Treasury,

&c. in relation to his Account of the several Bank Annuities, to $th July 1796 - *

TOTAL Income of the Consolidated Fund, io the Quarter ended 5th January 1798

DEFICIENCY - - of Ditto - ..... - Ditto -

MmoranJnm. — Tht above Deficiency of £ 43>84 3- 3 has been made good out of the Supplies of the Year 1798.

Exchequer, the 2lftDty of February 1798,

James Fijfier

N

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

5,6 5,949 6 4$

750 ——

50 — —

5,5oo ——

3.000 — —

1.000 — — 16,250 — —

863 18 — 4»279 — 9

>1,000 — —

«»S93 3 7 3,000 — —

876 11 —

5,672,312 9 9 54.28,472 6 6

243.840 3, 3

286 21° Februarii. A. 1798

t

38 Geo. III.

ai° Februarii.

287

Petition for amending Tynemouth Moor Inclo-fuxe Act,

Jjetth Har-iour,&c. Petitions

Ordered, That the said Accounts do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of the Allotments of the Lands set out by virtue of an Act; of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called 'Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Tynemouth Shire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouth Shire, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Commissioners, thereby appointed, divided and allotted the said Tract of Waste Land, arid have set out several Roads through or over the fame; but they were not, by the said Act, authorized to ascertain or determine what Parts of the said Roads Were to be amended, and kept in Repair, by the respective Townlhjps, wherein the said Moor or Waste Land was situate, or to which Allotments of the said Lands were set out, and therefore Doubts and Disputes have arisen, touching the fame, and the said Act is, in other Respects, defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining and settling in what Manner, and by whom, the different Parts and Proportions of the said Roads are to be amended, and kept in Repair, in future, and for otherwise amending the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fiiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burdoti and Mr. Beaumont do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinbfor themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Lfor making a new Ba-son. Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Ware-fcoufes, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, Power was given to the Petitioners to levy and collect the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned on all Ships or Vessels brought irito or using the new Bason or Dock to be made at the Port of Leith, His Majesty's Ships of War and Yachts only excepted, and Power was also given to borrow a Sum, not exceeding £. 30,000 Sterling j and that the Petitioners have, at a considerable Expence, opened a new Street to the Harbour, repaired the Quays, and erected a Draw-bridge across the Harbour, between South and North Leith, instead of an old Bridge, now taken away, and have also deepened the Harbour, and widened a great Part of the Quays; and that, in order to complete a commodious Bason or Wet Dock, it will be necessary to authorize the Petitioners to borrow a further Sum of Money, and to levy certain Rates and Duties on all Ships or Vessels brought into the Harbour of Leith, even although they shall not be brought into the said intended Bason or Wet Dock, excepting always His Majesty's Ships of War or Yachts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundasftlr. McDow-all, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vo l. S3-

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, Edinburgh to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, &-ot°piuJn, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, reported, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire (fled- him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it'in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition it appeared, That, by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1693, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots was granted to the Community of tire City of Edinburgh, and to the Magistrates and Town Council of the fame, and their Successfors in Office, for the Ul'es therein specified, upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, either brewed, brought in, tapped, and fold, within the said City and Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, for the '

Space of Fifteen Years, and further, not exceeding the Space of Thirty Years, commencing from the ift of July 1693; and by several 1'ubsequent Acts, the Term of the before-mentioned Act- has been continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And,

John Spottijwoode, Esquire, being examined, laid, That the Revenue granted by the said Acts has been faithfully applied to the Purposes thereby directed, and although it has for some Years pall greatly increased, yet it is no ways sufficient to pay the Debt contracted upon the Credit of the said Duties, unless a further Term Is granted to the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, granted by an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending tire said Act: And that Mr. William Dundas, Mr. M'Dowall, and Mr. Secretary Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, Edinburgh to whom the Petition of the Persons thereto subscrib- oads Peti" ing, Owners of Land in the County of Edinburgh, and tIon, reporte Trustees of the Turnpike Roads in the said County,

Was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed' him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth and Twenty-ninth of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for making the same more effectua), were read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further extended and enlarged: And it is proposed to erect sundry Bridges over different Rivers in the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth ana Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of t Edinburgh;

Petition to incorporate the Company of Gilt Plate Glass Manufacturer!.

288 21 0 Februarii. \ 1798.

Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North Ejk, and the Water of in the

laid County: And that Mr. William Dundas, Mr.

M'Dowal/, and Mr. Secretary Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Admiral Philip , of Street, Cavendish Square, in the county of,

John Grant, of Hill Street, Berkeley Square, in the said County, Esquire, Henry Grant, of Portman in

the said County, Esquire, William Mills, of in

the County of Hants, Esquire, Robert Sherbourne, of Ravenhead, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, James Affleck, Esquire, a Lieutenant Colonel in His Majesty's Army, and Alexander ,of Aujlin Fryars,

London, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of the Manufactory and Property of the late Governor and Company of the British Call Plate Glass Manufacturers, was presented to the House, 'and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for establishing one or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner calculated for calling of large Plate Glass, certain Persons therein named were incorporated by the Name and Stile of " The Governor and Company of the British Call Plate Glass Manufacturers," and were empowered to raise a Capital Joint Stock, to be applied for carrying on the said Manufacture, not exceeding £.40,000, and, in case the same should be found insufficient, to raise an additional Sum of £.20,000 in the Manner therein mentioned; and that the said Manufactory was established in the Year 1773, and wras conducted by the said Governor and Company in Conformity to the Terms of the said Act, first with a Capital Stock of £. 40,000, and afterwards with the extended Capital of £. 60,000, aided by Loans negotiated by the Company with Individuals to a large Amount, until the Year 1794, when the said Governor and Company were under the Necessity of felling the Whole of their Property for Payment of their Debts, and Thomas Oakes, Esquire, became the Purchaser thereof at the Sum of £. 105,600, on Behalf of himself and several other Persons, who from thenceforth carried on the said Manufactory, under the Authority, and according to the Regulations of the said Act, until the Expiration of the Term thereby limited for the Continuance thereof, which expired at the End of the Session of Parliament of the Year 1795, and from that Period the Proprietors of the said Manufactory have carried on the same on their joint Account as a Private Company; and that, by virtue of the said Purchaseby the said Thomas Oakes, and of subsequent Transfers of SliarfA the said Manufactory, and the Estates and Effects-belonging thereto, are now become the Property of the Petitioners, and of those on whose Behalf they petition; and that the Method of making Plate Glass hath been greatly improved by the Establishment of the said Manufactory, and the Public Revenue, arising from the Duties laid on Plate Glass, hath in consequence been considerably increased, and is likely to be Hill further increased by a Continuance of the said Manufactory, but, in as much as the same cannot be carried on to Advantage without a larger Capital than is at present employed therein, and as the Contributors to such Capital will be numerous, and as all the Proprietor or Co-partners in a Private Company must be named in all Actions, Suits, and legal Proceedings, by or against them, which will be attended with great Inconvenience, and as they may also be liable to have Commissions of Bankrupt ifl'ued against them as Traders, which will deter many Persons from engaging in the Concern, it is very desirable that the Proprietors of the said Manufactory should be incorporated, with proper Powers for carrying on the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eftectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of -ham, in the County of York was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the Township of Bramham, in the said Parish, The Mill Field, Headley Field, West Field, and Little Field, and certain Commons or Waites, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 1,580 Acres, or thereabouts, and within the Township ot Clifford, in the same Parish, The Middle Field, North Field, The Low Field, The Little Field, Rayzvood-Leas Field, Field, and

Field, and certain Commons or Wastes, containing, in the Whole, by Estimation, 900 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors, within the said Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in Tmall Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein, and also of Public Utility, if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, and if all the Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish, were discharged from the Payment of Tythes, and Compensation given in lieu thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide and inclose the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for other Purposes to be therein contained, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Headley and Mr. Lawrence do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and reads Setting forth. That the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Town and Port, and the Liberty thereof, are in a very ruinous State, and not properly paved and cleansed, nor lighted or watched, and the same are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, wherefore it would be a great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience, to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, and to all Persons resorting to, or travelling through, the fame, if the said Highways, Streets, public Passages and Places, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nui-fantes, and Annoyances therein, were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like in future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward

Knatchbull,

f.

Bramham Inclosure Petition.

Hythe Paving1, See. Petition.

38 Geo. III. 210 Februarii. 289

Knatchbull,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

t *

Tetbury and A Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution

Roads ' Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of

Petition. His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackaments Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also, the Road from Faringdon to lade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at A SI on Turville, and also, from Sherstone to the

Turnpike Road, leading from 'Tetbury to Bath, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, with respect to both Districts of Road therein mentioned, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of making arid repairing the said Roads, which Money still remains due and unpaid; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term be continued, and some further Powers given for thoffe Purposes; and that the Public Highway, from the End of the aforesaid Turnpike Road at A Si on Turville, at or near the Turnpike Gates there erected, leading into or through the several Parishes or Places of A Sion Turville, Tormarton, Codrington, IVapley, Henfield,

gotsfield, and Downend, in the said County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from to Bristol at

or near a certain Inn called the Horse Shoe, at Downend, in the Parish of Mangotsfield aforesaid; and also, the Public Highway from the End of a Lane, in the Parish of Bro-kenborough, in the said County of Wilts, near to a certain Field called Hyem Park, leading into or through the Parish of Brokenborough aforesaid, and the several Parishes or Places of Shipton Moyne, Doughton, Elmfiree,

Charlton, Tetbury, and in the said County of

Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Gloucester to Bath, at or near the Place where the Roads from Frocefier to Bath and Rodborough to Bath unite, in the Parish of Lajborough aforesaid; and also, the Public Highway, from the upper End of Shipton Moyne Street unto a certain Place called Underbridge, in the Parish of Shipton Moyne, which separates the same Parish of Shipton Moyne from the Parish of Tetbury; and also, the Public Highway from the present Turnpike Road and Gates at Charlton, in the said County of Wilts, leading through the same Parish of Charlton, and into or through the several Parishes or Places of Hankerton, Brokenborough, and Newnton, in the said County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Malmesbury to Jackaments Bottom aforesaid, at a certain Place called The Five Lanes, in the Parish of Hankerton aforesaid, and from thence to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Malmesbury, at the Village of Newnton aforesaid; and likewise, the Public Highway in and through the Town and Borough of Cricklade, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, and in or through the Town and Borough of Malmesbury, in the Parishes of Saint Paul Malmesbury, the Abbey Malmesbury, and Saint Mary Wefiport, in the said County of Wilts, lying and being in the direct Road leading from the Town of Faringdon to A Si on Turville aforesaid, are all in a ruinous Condition, in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places lying adjacent to the said Roads, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pass along the said Roads, if the same were amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious for Travellers and Carriages; and that the said Roads might be conveniently amended, Vol. 53.

widened, and kept in Repair,.if the same were put under the Management of the Trustees of the said Districts of Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amending; widening, and keeping in Repair, the said new or additional Roads and Branches hereinbefore describedi >

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the famej as it shall appear to them,' to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fficourt, Mr. Goddard,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Kenfwoith thereunto lubscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons in- inclosurePe-tcrested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other t, Uon‘ Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of KenJworth, in the County of He', was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors, in the said Open and Common Fields, are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed with each other, and the fame, together with the other Commonable Lands and Grounds aforesaid are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the several Owners and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, . the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclbfing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baker and Mr. Plumer do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Strode, Esquire, Patron of the pet;tion to Rectory of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon, and amend War-Robert Fowler, Clerk, Rector of the said Parish of War-boys, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon, the Commissioners thereby appointed, for. carrying such Act into Execution, were required to set out and allot, unto and for the Lords of the said Manor of Warboys, such Parts of the said Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, as, in their Judgment, should be equal to One Twentieth Part of such Fields, Lands, and Grounds (after making the Allotments, thereby directed to be made, for the Rector's Glebe, Common Rights, and Tythes, and for and in respect of the Free *

-hold Lands therein mentioned) as aSatisfaction of and for the Rights of the Lords of the said Manor, to the Soil of the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds; and also to set out and allot, unto and for the Rector of the said Parish of Warboys, so much of the same Fields, Lands, and Grounds, as should be equal in Value to the unin closed Glebe Lands and Right of Common to the said Rectory belonging, and, in the next Place, to let out and allot, unto and for the said Rector for the Time being, so much of the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, as they shall think equal in Value to One Fifth Part of all the Open Field, Arable, or Tillage, Lands, One Seventh Part of all the inclosed Arable or Tillage, and

4 E Meadow

Fctition for varying the Line of the Stainforth and KcadbyCanal.

2t90

210 Febriiarii.

A. 1798.

Meadow or PaAure Lands, Gardens, and Orchards, One Tenth Part of all the Wood Lands, and One Ninth Part of the uninclosed Fens, Commons, and other Lands, in the said Parish, in lieu and Satisfaction of and for all such Tythes, belonging or payable to the said Rector, as are therein mentioned; and such Commissioners were required to assign and award all the Land and Ground, which should be so allotted to the said Rector in lieu of Tythes, unto the Lords of the said Manor, their Heirs and Assigns, and, instead thereof, such Commissioners should ascertain a Yearly Tythe or Corn Rent to be equal to the Yearly Value of all such Land or Ground, and to be issuing and payable to the said Rector and his Successors, from and out of the said Land or Ground so to be allotted, in lieu of his Tythes, and also from and out of such Parts of the Allotment, thereby directed to be made to such Lords, in lieu of their Right to the Soil, as the said Commissioners should think fit, which, together with the Rector's -said Allotments for Tythes, should be charged with the Payment of the same Annual Tythe or Corn Rent; and that the said Commissioners have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have allotted to the said Rector (o much of the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, as appeared to them to be equal in Value to his uninclosed Glebe Lands and Right of Common; and they have also, in pursuance of such Ad, set out and allotted certain other Parts (containing together 490 Acres, or thereabouts) of the same Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in lieu of the said Redorial Tythes therein mentioned, and which 490 Acres, or thereabouts, ard by such Ad directed to be awarded to the Lords of the said Manor, subject to the said Tythe or Corn Rent , and that, after making such several Allotments as aforesaid, and the other Allotments required to be made by the said Act previous to the Allotment thereby directed to be made to the Lords of the said Manor, in respect of their Right of Soil, such Allotment for Right of Soil will not amount to Twenty Acres, so that the Rector of the said- Parish for the Time being would not, under the said Act, have any other Security for the said Tythe or Corn Rent (besides the said Twenty Acres) than the said Allotments, made in lieu of Tythes, and amounting 10 490 Acres, and, such Security being deemed to be very inefficient for the same Tythe or Corn Rent, it would be more advantageous to the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being, if so much of the said Act as relates to such Tythe or Corn Rent was repealed, and Power was given to the Commissioners thereby appointed, or to Tome other proper Persons, to raise a Sum of Money, by Sale of Part of the said Tythe Allotments, for the Purpose of erecting or providing proper Buildings upon or for the convenient Occupation of the Residue of such Allotments, and, if such Residue (after being parcelled and divided into Two or more convenient Farms) was vested in the Rector of Warboys for the Time being, with the usual

Power to make Leases thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so far as the same shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, and for such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Lord Frederick Montagu do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne in the said Riding, whereby the Petitioners were incorporated, and Powers given to make the said Canal and Collateral Cut, and the other Works thereby authorized and directed; and that, by the said Act, the Petitioners were empowered to raise, by Subscription amongst: themselves, the Sum of £. 24,200, and, in case that Sum should prove insufficient, to borrow the further Sum of £.12,100 by Mortgage of the Tolls thereby granted; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made great Progress in the said Canal and Cut, and the other Works thereby directed, in which they have expended nearly the W'hole of the Sum to be raised by such Subscription; and that, by an Estimate lately made of the Expence of finishing and completing the said Canal and Cut, and the other necessary Works, it appears that a much larger Sum will be wanted thim they are empowered to raise by Mortgage, as aforesaid, and Doubts have arisen, whether the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking can be compelled to contribute amongst themselves the Sum' so wanted, according to their respective Shares and Proportions; and that by varying the Line of the said Canal, from a Place called Ashfield Bank, near Thorne aforesaid, to the said

River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Thorne and Hatfield, and the Township of Stainforth, in the said West Riding of the County of York, in such Line as is der feribed in a Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, which were deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, the Line of the said Canal would be shortened, a con-(iderable Expence fared, and the Completion of the said Canal and other Works much expedited; and that the said Act, in several other Respects, requires Amendments and Alterations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry selles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Wilberforce, Member ad-and Mr. Bragge, be added to the' Committee, - to whom it is referred, to consider of the several Petitions which titions for Re-have been presented to the House in this Session of P 1 o{ Clock, Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed &c'DutyA in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks " and Watches."

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fe- Account of veral Accounts which were this Day presented to the confoifdated House by Mr. Fisher, from the Exchequer, be printed, Fund, to be as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Prmted House.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal Navigation, was presented The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Committeeon

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-was passed, in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign, of fider of the several Reports which, in the last Session of committeeon His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut were appointed to examine and (late the Total Amount lon‘

at or, near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges & -- . attending

t

Proceedings of the Trea-Airy, Sic, respecting certain Offices, referred *

D.

reported.

Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Customs, ordered.

38 Geo. III. 219 FebruariLaoi

attending the fame, as they flood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what fart thereof had aril'en since the 5th of January 1793: And likewilir of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period; and to report their Observations thereon to the House: Likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the same and who were instructed to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 17S6 j of the Amount of the Sums now annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and who were also instructed to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services;

Ordered, That the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or in consequence of Directions from them, since the End of the last Session of Parliament, respecting several Offices concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Money, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the further Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or in consequence of Directions from them, respecting several Offices concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Money, in Addition to the Papers presented on the 12th of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions; when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund.

And Mr. Jiobartmoved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townfield, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. PyMr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 53.

Mr. Hobart also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public Offices, and for enforcing the personal Attendance of Persons holding Offices in the Public Service.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public Offices, and for enforcing the Personal Attendance of Persons holding Offices in the Public Service: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. -field, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and

Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excile.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. 'townfield, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide for the more speedy Collection and Remittance of the Land Tax and Assessed Taxes in Scotland.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide for the more speedy Collection and Remittance of the Land Tax and Assessed Taxes in Scotland: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Tnmshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart also reported from the said Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that a Select Committee be appointed, further to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they flood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had aril'en since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5 th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to- the 5th of J 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes prdvided for defraying the increased Charge of th£ Public Debt, within the said Period: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 3th of January 1797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 3th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 3 th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to bd made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how far the same have been effectual: and also what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther

Measures

Bill for reducing Holidays in Public Offices, ordered.

Bill for transferring the Salt Duties to the Excise, ordered. '

Bill for more speedy Collection of Land Tax, &c. in Scotland, ordered *

Finance Com *

xnittee again appointed.

2$2

210 Febru

A. 1798.

Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the Taid Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services; and to report their Observations thereon to the House.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 10th and 13th Days of , in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House relative to the Appointment of a Select Committee to examine into and state to the House several Matters relative to the Public Debts, and of the several Instructions which were given by the House to the said Select Committee, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed further to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they flood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen Cnee the 5th ot January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1 797; and of the expected Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the same; and to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expected to oe made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure; and how far the fame have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, Cnee the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services; and to report their Observations thereon to the House.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly.

Ordered, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of , in the last Session of Parliament, of the Names of the Persons, who were reported, from the Committee appointed to examine the Lists of Fifteen Persons Names to be the 'Select Committee then appointed, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and the said Names are as followeth; viz.

The Right honourable Thomas Steele,

Charles Abbot, Esquire,

Thomas Stanley, Esquire,

Francis Gregor, Esquire,

John Hiley Addington, Esquire,

William Baker, Esquire,

Charles Torke, Esquire,

The Right honourable Dudley Ryder,

Henry Thornton, Esquire,

Rowland Bur don, Esquire,

Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire,

John Crewe, Esquire,

The Honourable Saint Andrew Saint John,

John Harrison, Esquire, .

Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esquire.

Ordered, That the said Fifteen Persons. be the Committee now appointed.

Ordered, That the said Committee, dr any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit, and to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the Sitting, and notwithstanding any Adjournment, of the House.

Ordered, That the several Reports, which were made from the said Select Committee in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the Select Committee noW appointed.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers which were referred to the said Select Committee in the last Session of Parliament, and also the several Accounts and Papers which'have been presented to the House in the present Session of Parliament, relative to the Public Income and Expenditure, be referred to the Select Committee now appointed.

Mr. Hobart likewise acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee of the whole Hoyfe to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 5th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports, which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Income and Expenditure.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the wh'ole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had corner to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John Earl Saint Vincent, and the Two next Persons. to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His Majesty and the Public, was committed,' the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Reports from Select Com- xnittee on Finance of bit Session, to be further confide red.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Lord St. Vincent's Annuity Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III.

2'i0 Febru

293

lord Dai csrt't Avmu-

kymw

yrtpit.

Mutiny Bill»

tcporttuL

Report on Act relating: to Scotch Dii-tilleiy.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be iogroifed.

Ordered That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in Confederation of the eminent Service performed by the said Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Mining, if the said Bill shall be then in grafted.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertien, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re ferred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several "Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, herein particularly " described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the " Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in " Scotland and also, of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive " and continue, until the First Day of March One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an Act, " passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the " Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two, videlicet, " on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several " Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly " described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the " Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in " Scotland," the Resolution which the Committee had

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read) and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Duties granted by and the Powers contained in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the High? Vol. 53.

lands of Scotland, therein particularly defefibed for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distil leries in the respective Districts in , which was

continued, by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, until the ift Day of March 1798, should be further continued;

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was Upon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution s And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mn Long, do prepare, and bring in the fame;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy Contfpon-of a Letter from Mr. Rose, dated 25th July 1797, to stTt«wjn«rath® Commissioners of Excite in Scotland-,directing them, htive to to obtain Information relative to the Distilleries in dif- scotchDiftil-ferent Parts of Scotland. cK" *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of Excile in Scotland, dated nth Qfiober 1797, to the Lords of the Treasury — inclosing Statements of the Information obtained in pursuance of Mr. Rose's Letter; and also, the Statements accompanying the said Letter from the Commissioners of Excile.

A Petition Of the President and Members of the Petition from Board of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to A rkuitui? the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That His Majesty having been graciously pleased, in consequence of an Address from the House, to constitute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of Agriculture, for promoting the Internal Improvement of the Country, the Petitioners have much Satisfaction in acquainting the House, that the important Purposes, intended by that Institution, are carrying on, and are likely to be attended with vely beneficial Effects to the Public: And therefore praying.

That they may be supported by a farther Grant for the present Year.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to <fljeir Orders, '

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Rose, dated 25th July 1797, to the Commissioners of Excile in Scotland, directing them to obtain Information relative to the Distilleries in different Parts of Scotland: And allb.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, dated tith OF.obe 1797, to the Lords of the Treasury- — inclosing Statements of the Information obtained in pursuance of M Letter; and also, the Statements accompanying the said Letter from the Commissioners of Excise.

Together with a List of the said Statements

And the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters therein contained; and report the fame, toge ther with their Observations thereupon, to the House: And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Shaw Le-fevre, Mr. M‘Dowall, Mr DouglasMt.Pybus, Mr. Steele,

Mr. Thomson, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. William das, Mr. Fuilarton, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. John

Sntyth, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long; and all the Members who

serve for North Britain: And they are to meet To-mor-

4 F row

Correspondence and Statements relative to Scotch DL il-lerie , presented.

Committee apppomtrd 1 examine (hem.

Committee on Act f or encouraging of Shipping and Navigation *

Jfclhto repeal the Duties on Gold, See. used in Watch Cafes, predated.

Committee on Bill to give further Time for obtaining certain Certi-£cates.

Quarantine, See. Bill, committed.

594

2i° Fehn;

A. 1798.

low Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices,

The said Papers are prefetved amongst the othet Papers of this Sessioni

t

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Ship *

* ping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation of Salt,' be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow 1 Morning.

Mr. itye presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Watch Cafes: And the same was received; and lead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tame Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to give further Time to comply with the . Regulations of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, M An Act to indemnify such Per- fons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of " Enrolment, Ad million, or Registry, in the several . Courts of this Kingdom," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. 1

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of'Glassinto this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Custonw to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof; and to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Taid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

.5

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Petition «-Poor, and several of the principal Inhabitants, of the tafn Raw'of Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint the Parish of Alban, in the County of Hertford hoit Names are there- Alban.',) unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That in the Years 1786, 1787, and 1788, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the fp.id Parish did, with the Consent of the principal Inhabitants, at Vestries legally assembled, borrow of different Persons the Sum of £. 2,790 upon Annuities, for the Purpose of repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish, which was then in a very ruinous and dangerous State, and the said Money was duly laid out and expended''in such Repairs; and that, for securing the Payment of such Annuities, the said Churchwardens and Overseers, together with several of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, did, in pursuance of several Orders of Vestry, enter into Bonds, to the Persons who had advanced the above Sum of Money, for Payment to them, during their respective Lives, out of the Annual Assessments which should be made on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, such Yearly Annuities upon the Sums respectively advanced as were agreed upon at such Vestries; and that in consequence thereof, the Churchwardens and Overseers Rave paid to the several Annuitants, out of the Church Rates which have been made and assessed upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, their Annuities as they became due, until on or about the Year 1795, but since that Time they hav,e not been able to raiie and pay the same without advancing a Part thereof out of their own private Monies; to prevent Actions being brought against them, owing to some of the Inhabitants having refused to pay their Quota to such Rates, alledging that the same were made from the Poors' Rates, against which they had appealed, as being illegal, and contrary to Law; and that, by Reason of such Refusal, the present Churchwardens and Overseers are involved in great Difficulty and Distress, being wholly unable to pay the Annuities, granted by their Predecessors in Office, as they become due, and, unless Power is given to enable the Petitioners to satisfy the Claims of those Annuitants who are now living, as their Annuities become due, and all Arrears thereof, either by making and collecting Rates sufficient for that Purpose, or by such other Ways and Means as the House shall think right, it will . be attended with great Injury and Expence to the Petitioners, and all those who are engaged in the said Bonds, as well as be the Means of producing much Mischief and Disorder in managing the Affairs of the said Parish:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tire Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bucknell, Mr. Baker, 8{C.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, Tythe Owners, uii'ey incio and Freeholders, of the Township of in the fevc- sure peti" ral Parishes of Yreetm and Aston, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township of Ulley, several Common Fields or uninclosed Lands, containing together, by. Estimation, about 220 Acres, and also several Parcels of Waste Land, containing together, by Estimation, about 100 Acres; and that the same lie intermixed and dif-perfect, and are therefore inconvenient for Occupation, and, as well as the said Commons ami Waste Grounds,

in

tion.

38 Geo. III. 2122° Februarli. 295

in their present State, incapable of any great Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Advantage to the Proprietors thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Mesne.Inclosures, and Waste Lands within the said Township of Ul/ey, in the several Parities of Tree-ton and Aston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in k Bill, pur1 suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce, and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Dudley-hill A Petition of the Trustees appointed to pbt in Exe-fcul Roedb8 cut on several Acts passed for repairing arid widen-Petitiaiu ing the Road from Du through Beckwithjhaw, to Killinghall, and from Beckwithjhaw to the South West Corner of Harrogate in the West Riding of

the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the , Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty1 sixth Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads from to Wake-

field, and from Kighley to Halifax, and from through Beckwithjhaw, to Killinghall, and from Beckwithjhaw, to the South West Comer of Harrogate Inclosures, in the West Riding of the County of York; and that the Trustees appointed by the said Acts, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road from Dudley-hill to 1 hall, and to the South West Corner of Harrogate In-s clojures; and that the said last mentioned Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, diverted, and kept in . Repair, nor made so commodious for the Public as it

might be, nor the said Sums of Money be repaid, unless the Term, granted by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of H is present Majesty's Reign, be continued arid extended, and the Powers of the said several Acts altered and enlarged ! And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the aforesaid Pur-pol'es.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

v And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry Laf-

celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

- K nnet and Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, accord-Avon Canal ing to Order, a Bill to vary the Line of the Kennel and faue£re Avon Canal, authorized to be made by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend the said Acts s And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leeds, Harro- An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers gate, and Bo- of Two several Acts, the one made and passed in the nST Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty paired. King George the Second, and the other in the Seven-' . teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through ' Ilarewood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures

of Harrogate, and from thence, in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and to Ripon, and from therice to the First Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York-, and for re-

y°L' 53- .....‘

pairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the;

Powers, of Two several Acts, the one made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leedsi through Harewood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from, thence, in Two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresbrough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York;

and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogati (through Knaresbrough) to Boroughbridge.

Ordered, That Mr.-Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, defer-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted ..to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

yovts, 220 die Februarii j Anno 38® Georgii IIItU Regis; 1798.

TrayRrs.

c fACOB Reichard and Peter Raymond Poland took the Reichard and J Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

s

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are cirencester thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House,. and and smmd 'read; Setting forth, That; by virtue of an Act, passed noJ,. eU in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodboroiigh Hill which leads to Dudbridge, and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of GulphHill, all in the County of , a consider-

able Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which Hill remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair for the future; unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committed: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame; as it shall appear to them, to the House:

1 And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Berkeley,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

Fournier's Nat. Bill, paired.

Reichard and Poland's Nat. Bill, committed.

Blyth and

Stirrup, &c Incloltire Petition.

Moorgate Inclosure Petition.

Crouch Hill and Ditchling Roads Petition, reported.

296 22° Februarii. A. 1798 *

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Lewis Fournier Road leading from to Cuckfield, and front

was read the Third Time. the East Side of the said Tumpikd Road to the Town

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of Ditchling, in the County of was referred; That be, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Fournier-. the Committee had examined, and found that the

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Stdnding Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,

A Bill for naturalizing Jacob Reichard and Peter Ray and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeardt mond Poland, was read a Second Time. to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's viz *

Chamber. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Arundel!\ Mr. Peter being examined, said, That the Lord Viscount Gallway, and the humble Petition of Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Ad, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Open Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds Credit thereof, which now remains unpaid; that the in the Townshipsof Blyth, Stirrup, Oldcoates, and Norney, fame cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads made and in the Parishes of Blyth aforesaid, and Harworth, in kept in good Repair, unless the Term granted by the the said County of Nottingham, or one of them, was said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That altered and enlarged.

the Lands belonging to the several Proprietors in the And being further examined, he said, That a certain Open Fields, in the said several Townships, lie inter- Branch of lload leading from the said Road at the West mixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are at present End of a Farm called Ubley's, in the Parish of incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, point, through the Parishes of Albourne and Newtimber, if Power was given to allot, or divide and indole, the to the Marle-pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within said County, is out of Repair, narrow, and inconvenient, the said several Townships, the same would tend to the and cannot be properly repaired and widened by the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And present Methods provided by Law, and that the re-therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring pairing and widening the same will be of Public Uti-in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, lity.

and under such Regulations, as the House shall think OrdThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for proper. , enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, , Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Simpson do prepare, and bring Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike in, the fame. Road leading frofn Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Town of Ditchling, in the County of Stijex-, and also for thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of theml'elves and repairing and widening the Road from in

others, Freeholders, having Right of Common, and the Parish of to the Marle-pit opposite to

other Rights and Interests, in and upon the Open Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said County: And that Commons, and Waste Lands and1 Grounds, within the Mr. Hobart and Mr. Lenox do prepare, and bring in,

Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish of Clarbrongh, in the fame, the County of Nottingham, was prefepted to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the A Petition of the Reverend Clerk, Lord

said Hamlet and Parish, certain Open Commons, and of the Manors of Holt, Holt Hales and Holt Market, in ent Peri-

Waste Lands and Grounds, containing together ioo the County of Norfolk, Patron of the Rectory and Pa- u°n.

Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, rish Church <?f Holt, in the said County, and Rest or and are incapable of much Improvement, and cannot be Incumbent of the said Parish of Holt, and of several occupied to so much Advantage as they might be if the other Persons, being Proprietors of Estates in the said same were allotted to the several Persons interested, ac- Parish of Holt, or otherwise interested in the Premill'es, cording to their respective Properties, Rights of Com- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, mon, and other Interests therein, and Satisfaction made That there are, within the said Parish, divers Ojjen and for the Tythes thereof, which would tend greatly to the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens,

Benefit of all such Persons, and also be of great Public or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Lands, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and al- dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently lotting, the said Open Commons, and Waste Lands situated for the several Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Grounds, and also for making a Compensation for and that the same are subject to several Rights of Sheep-the several Tythes arising within the said Hamlet, in walk, Shackage, and Common, or other Rights, and such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Re- certain Lands in the Parish of Letheringfett, in the 1'aid strictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the County, are also subject to the said Rights of Sheep-House shall seem requisite. walk, Shackage and Common; and that it would be of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- manifest Advantage to all the Persons interested in the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Premifies if such Rights were extinguillied, and the said Pierrepont and Sir Wharton Amcotts do prepare, and bring Lands and Grounds were divided, and l'pecific Parts in, the fame. thereof allotted to the several Proprietors and other

Persons interested, according to their respective Estates,

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That the Petition of several Trustees, whole Names are there- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes unto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to the Hoyle shall seem meet.

for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

LrjUih Hill, in the Parish of Hcnfield, to the Turnpike pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that < Mr.

Henfield and

Bri litliclin-lton Roods

FttlUOU.

Petition for

additional Provision in Pedraore and Dudley Roads Petition.

38 Geo. III. 2 2° Februarii. 207

Mr. Hobart and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the May Pole, in the Town of over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmston, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High in

the Parish of A lb our tie, and from thence for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, and from the Marie Pit, near the Bottom of Saddlejcombe Hill, in the Parish of to the

Marie Pit, fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the said County of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired and widened, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Powers granted; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit o? the Inhabitants if the said Road was extended from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham unto Herrings Clappers, and such Extension put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Simeon, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Town of , in the County of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Hispresent Majesty, as relates to repairing the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, in the Counties of and Stafford,

called, " The Pedmore and Holly Hall District;" and Setting forth. That the Road leading horn Dudley aforesaid, through the Village of Rowley, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley Wood to Rednall Green, at a Place called Black Heath, in the Parish of Rowley, in the County of Stafford; and also, the Road leading from a Place called Dixon's Green, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to the said Turnpike Road leading from Dudley Wood to Rednall Green, near a Place called Bumble Hole, in the said Parish of Dudley; and also, the Road leading from Blower's Green, in the Parish of Dudley, in the said County of Worcester, to the said Turnpike Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, at or near the Canal Bridge on the same Turnpike Road, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrovV, and inconvenient for Carriages and Passengers, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, if the same were to be put under the Care of the Trustees for the said Pedmore and Holly Hall District, and effectually amended

and kept in Repair, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage te the Inhabitants of the Town of Dudley, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and to all Persons re-- Vol. 53.

siding or having Estates in the Line of such Roads, and likewise of Public Utility: And therefore praying, Thai Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and under fufch Regu laiions and Restrictions is to the House shall seem. meet-; .

Ordered, That the said Petition be refefred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution much of Two Acts, of the Secohd and Twenty.second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relite to repairing the Road leading from Pedmore to Hetty Halt in the County of Worcester, called "The Pedmore and HoUy

" Hall District," is referred: And that th$y do examine the Matter of this Petition and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane reported frofri the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads in the County of Cumberland, thereinafter described, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, baa been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the / House; and he read the Report in his Place) and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table t Whfcre the same was read; and is as fdloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Penrith, in die County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castle-fowerby Pasture and Sebrdham Bridge, to Chalk Been, in the said County; and also the Road which branches and separates from the same Road upon Caflltfowcrby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hejkett otherwise Hejkett Newmarket to Caldbeck, in the said County; and also an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Y ar of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term of the said Act, were sevendly read: And,

Mr. Joseph Cowper being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Acts, which has been duly applied according to the Directions thereof, which said Money now remains due, and the same cannot be repaid,' nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amendingTwo Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a Branch from the said Road, upon Cajllefowerby Pasture, to Caldbeck, all in the County of Cumberland: And that Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane and Mr. Bur don do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Bramah, of , in the County of Middlesex, Engineer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, who has been the Author of many useful Inventions, obtained His Majesty's Letters. Patent, bearing Date the 23d Day of April 1784, for that Pan or Great Britain called England, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Term of Fourteen Years from the Date thereof, for the sole Use, Exercise, Benefit and Ad vantage, of his Invention of a new Sort of Lock for Doors, Drawers, Cabinets, and every other Purpose, for which secure Fastenings are required; and that the Petitioner, in pursuance of a Proviso in that Behalf,

4 G contained

Penrith Xovh Petition, re ported.

Mr. Bramahs Patent Feti. lion *

v

Manchester Water Works Petition,

298 22 °Februarh. A- 1798-

contained in the said Letters Patent, caused aparticu- tire carried in, through, and under, the Lands of the hr Description t)f the said invention' to be- enrolled in said Sir John Parker Mojley and those under whom he the High Churt of Chancery on the 21st Day of August claims, and in, through, and under, the public High-i 784) and that,' after obtaining the said Letters Patent, ways and Streets of the fakl Manor 'and Town, and the Petitioner found, fhat, in order to fellthe Locks such Water has by such Means been distributed to- the of various Kinds, which he had invented, as aforesaid, Inhabitants of the said Manor and Town of

at such a Price as should enable the Public in general to purchase them for all the Uses and Purposes, to which the very imperfect and insecure Locks theretofore in Use had been applied, it was necessary for him to construct and fit up various large and very expensive Machines of his own Invention, and large Buildings and Apparatus' for using and working the fame, all which the Petitioner hath finished and brought to Perfection, with infinite Care, Labour, and Attention, and at an enormous Expence; and that, by Means of these Exertions and heavy Expenditure, the Petitioner enabled himself to supply the Public with the said Locks, made with the utmost Accuracy, and in a high Degree of Perfection, at a Price far below what, at the Com-thencement of his Undertaking, it was possible for him to do; and the Petitioner accordingly availed himself as speedily as he could to serve the Public at such reduced Prices as not to net to himself Five per Centum Profit on the Capital invested and employed in the Undertaking; and that, for the Causes above-mentioned, although near Fourteen Years of the Term contained in the said Letters Patent are elapsed, the Petitioner hath not hitherto had it in his Ppwer to reimburse himself any Part of the great Expence he hath incurred, nor hath he any Prospect of being enabled so to do, or, to carry his said Invention to the Heighth of Perfection and Cheapness, he is persuaded it is capable of, unless the Term of the said Letters Patent is prolonged, the Effect of which Prolongation, the Petitioner presumes, will be ultimately beneficial to the Public, and, he hopes, prove the Means of saving him from the Loss of a considerable Fortune, expended and invested in the said Undertaking: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for prolonging the said Letters Patent for such further Term, from the Expiration thereof, as so the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tucker Steward, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir John Parker of Rolleston

House, in the County of Stafford, Baronet, the Reverend John Pepioe Mojley, Rector of Rolleston, in the said County of Stafford, Clerk, Nicholas Mojley, of

Egginton, in the County of , Esquire, John

Dickenson, late of Taxal, in the County of , but

now of Birch, in the said County of Esquire,

Charles White, of Manchester, in the said County of Lancaster, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on Behalf of themselves and others, the1 Contractors for the Waterworks hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Sir John Parker , and those under whom he claims, as Lords of the Manor of Manchester, have for Eighty Years last past used and exercised the Right of taking and raising Water, by Means of Pumps, from and out of the River Medlock, within the Parish of Manchester and County of Lancaster, and throwing into arid preserving the same in Reservoirs, and thereby, and with Pipes therefrom, have supplied the Inhabitants of the Manor and Town of Manchester with Water, which Pipes have been and

who have paid yearly Rents or Sums for the Use thereof; and that the said Waterworks have been for many Years, and are now, very much out of Repair, and will require a very considerable Sum of Money to put them into proper Repair, and to keep up and support suitable Reservoirs for Water, which, as the Petitioner is only Tenant for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail, and hath a numerous Family, he cannot, with Justice to the younger Branches thereof, perform; and that the Petitioners,- the said Sir John Parker Mojley, and John Dickenson and Charles White, his Trustees, have contracted and agreed with the other Petitioners, on Behalf of themselves and others, for a Demise or Lease of the said Waterworks, with the Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Advantages, thereunto belonging, and for his and their Right and Privilege of supplying the said Inhabitants with Water, and also of a Plot of Land in Manchester aforesaid, for Reservoirs for Water, for a Term of Nine hundred and Ninety-nine Years, under and subject to the Payment of a certain Yearly Rent, and the Covenants and Agreements in such Contract mentioned; and that the said Contract, so entered into by the said Sir John Parker Mojley and the said John Dickenson and Charles , will not only be greatly for the Benefit of the Persons entitled to the said Waterworks and Privileges, Plot or Parcel of Land, in Remainder after the Death of the said Sir John PaYker Mojley, as the Rent thereby re-

served is a full, fair, and ample Rent, and a much greater Income than the said Sir John Parker Mojley hath ever been able to receive for the fame, and that the said Contract, when carried into Effect, will also be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Manor, and Town of Manchester, not only by affording a constant Supply of Water for their necessary and common Occasions, but also by affording an immediate Supply of Water in Cafes of Fire, to which the Manufactories of Manchester are particularly liable; and that the said Contract cannot be effectually carried into Execution, nor the said Waterworks carried on and conducted to Advantage, either to the Purchasers or to the Inhabitants of the Manor and Town of Manchester, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize and enable the said Sir John Parker Mojley, Baronet, and his Issue, and his and their Trustees, to ratify and confirm the said Contract, and also to enable the Purchasers thereof to alter, improve, and extend, the said Waterworks within the said Manor and Town of Manchester, for the better supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water, and to recover the Rents and other the Confident ions, which shall be agreed to be paid by any of such Inhabitants, and also to enable the said Sir John Parker Mojley to charge the Persons in Remainder, as aforesaid, with the Payment of the Expences which he shall be put unto, in and about the obtaining the said Act, he, the said Sir John Parker Mojley, keeping down the Interest of such Money during his Life, and also to incorporate the Purchasers of the said Waterworks, and for such further and other Powers, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, hc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and havePower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The

Order for referring East Butterwick, &c. inclosure Petition to a Committee, dischnr ed, and Bill or dered.

fceydon Inclosure Petition.

Gifchsm and Pakefield In-dofure Petition *

38 Geo. III. 22° Februarii. ay,

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders, and having Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and upon the Open - and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Unindofed I,ands and Grounds, within the several Townships of Eaff Butterwick and in the Parish of Meffingham, in the County of which was presented to the House upon last,.

might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the Works referred to in the said Petition are not proposed to be carried on by Tolls or Duties;

Ordered, That the Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee be. dif- ' charged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Gilbert Heathcote and Mr. Vyner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situated in Reydon, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parish of Reydon, several Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, 600 Acres, or thereabouts} and that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Commonable Messuages and Cottages, and Tofts (being the Scites of ancient Commonable Messuages) with the Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances, thereto belonging, within the said Parish, and have, in respect thereof, a Right of Common in and upon the said Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands; and that the lame, in their present open and uncultivated State, yield very little Profit, but if divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, might be inclosed, cultivated, and improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Sid Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, in-such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brrne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Estates in the Parishes of GiJUkam and Pakefield, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, divers Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which are subject to various Rights of Foldcourse or Shecpwalk, Shackage and Common, and are, in their present Situation, very inconvenient to the Owners thereof, and incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Parties interested therein, if such Rights 'were extinguished, and the said Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Voi.. 53. ....

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brume do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, Thdt an Act, made in this Bin to give present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion Execution6 " of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the " necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Com- Att, ordered, "panics of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to give further Time for putting the said Act in Execution: And that Mr. HuJkiJJon, Mr. Hobart, and Mr. Se-

cretary Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Tetbury and thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of tional Peti-

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, tioD-That an Act was passed, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tetbury, in the county of,

to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackamatis Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road from -ringdon to Crick lade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Jfton Turville, and also from Sherffone, to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath, whereby Power was given to the Trustees, acting in and for the First District of Road mentioned and comprized therein, to repair, and also to erect and set up a certain Number of Lamps, for the Purpose of lighting such Part of the said First District of Road as palles through the said Borough of Malmesbury, and that the said Trustees, in Execution of the said Power, have, for several Years past, taken upon themselves the Conduct and Management of the Repair of the said First District of Road, within the said Borough, and have erected the Number of Lamps limited in the said Act, which are found to be insufficient; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and Application hath been, or is intended to be, made, in this present Session, to renew the said Act, and to have some further Power granted, and additional Roads made; and that the several Footways in the Streets, L&nes, and public Passages within the said Borough, and the Avenues leading to and from the same, are not properly paved, pitched, or cleansed, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers; and that it would be a great Safety, Benefit, and Convenience, as well to the Inhabitants of the said Borough as to all Persons resorting to, and travelling through, the fame, if the said Footways were properly paved, pitched, cleansed, and more effectually lighted; and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, were removed and prevented for the future: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to vest in the Trustees of the said First District of Turnpike Road, in and by the Bill to be brought in for continuing the Term and Powers of the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, Power and Authority to cause the said Footways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the said Borough of Malmesbury, and the Avenues leading into and from the same, to be properly paved, pitched, cleansed, and more effectually lighted, and all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances, to be removed and prevented for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the-Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present

300 22° Februdr J. 1798.

sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tetbury, in- the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham in the County of

Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackaments Bottom, in the said County of Glou-

cefltr, and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at ASlon Turville, and also from Sherjione to the Turnpike Road leading from to Bath, is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Btihopifone A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are dtion eP thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Parish of -Jione, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and Other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, according to each Person's Right therein, and inclosed, it would be greatly' advantageous to the Petitioners and all other Persons interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given' to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. EJlcourt, Mr. Goddard, and Mr. Penruddocke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

York and A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu-RwUPetll1 lion an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the tioa. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Mahon, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid, and also another Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the- said first-mentioned Act, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress.hath been made in amending the said Roads, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which still remain due; and ' that the said Debts cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said several Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that it is expedient that the said Acts, and the said new Powers to be granted, should be reduced into one Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hawarden In- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are tkin?1'6 Pe"' thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the Townships of Broughton, -Pentrobin, and Bannell, within the said Manor and Parish, 6

several Commons and Waste Lands, in and upon which the Petitioners, and others, are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands are, in their present State, of little Value, and incapable of Improvement, but might be greatly improved, by being divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may'be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Baldwin and Mr. Francis Lloyd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution so much of an Act, palfed for repairing and iKoadPeti-widening the Roads herein after mentioned, io far as re- tlun. lates to the Second District of Road, and Branch therein comprized, was presented to the House, and reacf;

Setting forth, That an Act was palfed, in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Read from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding; and that the said Road! is divided into Three separate and distinct Districts, and Trustees appointed for each District, and the Road leading from Huddersfield to Peniflone is called The Second District of Road; and that the Trustees, appointed for the Second District of Road, have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several very considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said District; and that the said Second District of Road, and Branch, cannot be effectually amended, widened, diverted, and kept in Repair, nor the said Sums of Money be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued and extended, and feme of the Powers of the said Act altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the aforesaid Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr. Wilber-

force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Dewfburyand Execution Two Acts, of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of Twas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and feme of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged::

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts', in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

38 Geo. III. 220 Februarii. 301

Co Fa, A Petition the several Persons, whose Names are Baiin -Ttoke, thereunto subscribed, residing near and adjacent to the &c. Roads Road leading from the Golden Farmer Hill, near,

Petition. -n t e County of Surrey, to in the County of Southampton, and also from in the said County of Southampton, to the Parish of in the said

County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the lload from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southamptonfizxzral Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were granted to the Trustees therein named, for repairing the said Roads, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, which Act was continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, by several Acts, made in the Twenty-first Year of his said late Majesty, and the Thirteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that, by another Act, made and passed, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Farmer Hill, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, several Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were granted, to the Trustees therein named, for repairing the said Road, and for other Purposes; which Act was further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, by an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty} and that the Two several Sums of £. 2,000 and £. 1,000 have been advanced, to the Trustees appointed by the said recited Acts, upon the Credit of the Tolls to be col-iefted by virtue of the Powers therein contained, which Sums, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in repairing, making, and improving the said Roads, and for such other Purposes as by the said Acts are directed, yet the said Roads (being together upwards of Twenty-one Miles in Length) cannot beeffectually repaired, and kept in Repair, nor the said several Sums discharged, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued and enlarged; and that the said Road, from the Golden Farmer Hill, extending to Hertfordbridge Hill, and from thence continued to -soke, forms a Part of the great Western Road leading from London towards WSalisbury, Exeter, and other large Towns and Places, to the Land1 s End, in Cornwall, and that a ready Communication might be opened from a certain Part of the said Road, at the End of Northwarnborough Lane, branching therefrom,

over certain Wastes, called Northzuarnborough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, in the several Parishes of Northwarnborough, Nately Shewers, Newnham, and Odiham, and through the several Parishes of

Mattingley, and Heckfield, all in the said County of Southampton, so as to unite with the Turnpike Road leading from Reading to Basingstoke, at or near a certain Place called The Bull Inn, in the Parish of Swalloivfield, which would form a direct and immediate Communication from Oxford, Reading, and other intermediate Towns, to Gosport and Portsinouth, but the said last mentioned Highway, leading from Northwarnborough to Heckfield (being in Extent Eight Miles, or thereabouts) is foundcrous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of great Convenience to the several Trustees acting under the said recited Acts, as well as of peculiar Advantage to the Public, if the said Two first-mentioned Roads were consolidated, and the said last mentioned Branch of Road was extended, from its Termination at the End of Northwarnborough Lane aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Reading to Basingstoke, and Powers given to the Trustees, appointed by or under the Authority of the said recited Acts, to repair and widen the fame, and for raising Vol. 53-

Money to defray the Expences thereof, and securing the Re-payment of the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Terms and Powers of the said former recited Acts, and to consolidate the said Roads, and for extending the Limits thereof, from the End of Northwarnborough Lane aforesaid, to the Bull Inn in Swallowfield aforesaid, and for securing the Re-payment of the Sums already raised, or to be raised, on the Credit of the Tolls, with such other Powers, Limitations, and Rest rift ions, as to the House shall leetn meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chute, Sir Heath-

cote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are nAt"t. thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners under an f bmlding Act, passed in the Twenty-Seventh Year of the Reign st. Paul's of His present Majesty, for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard and Parsonage House within the new Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners, appointed to carry the said Act into Execution, have settled- the District, Limits, and Bounds, of the new Parish, as well in the County of Gloucester as in the City of Bristol, which new Parish is now called by the -Name of Saint Paul, and have caused to be erected a new Church therein, with a Cemetery or Church Yard, and Parsonage House, with Conveniences thereto, and have in other Respects proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and that, in performing the several Works above-mentioned, the Whole of the Money, by the said Act authorized to be raised, hath been expended, and a confide.rable Debt hath been incurred, which cannot be discharged without the further Aid of Parliament; and that the Powers of the said Act require in some Respect to be altered and amended:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for the Purposes above-mentioned, and for altering and amending the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And. it is referred to Mr. Bragge, the Lord Sheffield, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,' Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are HolwclMn-thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, and other e

Hereditaments, in the Parish of Holwell, in the County of Bedford, w'as presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, if such Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specilic Shares thereof set out and allotted to the feve-

4 H ral

Shitlington Inclosure Pfci tition.

Pirton Inclo lure Petition.

Papers relating to French Prisoners, ordered.

302

52° Februarin A. 1798.

ral Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish of Holwe/l, with such Provisoes, and Under such Regulations, as to the House shall feerti meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tierney and Mr. Whitbread do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscriBed, Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments in the Parish of Shitlington, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, ate incapable of any considerable Improvement} and that it would be greatly to the Benefit of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set oUt and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish of Shitlington, with such Provisions, and Under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tierney and Mr. Whitbread do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Pirton, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the 'Advantage of the Petitioners and of the other Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interestqd therein, according to the Value of their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish of Pirton, with such Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Baker and Mr. Plumer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Accounts of the Proceedings of the Board of Admiralty, Transport Board, and Sick and Hurt Office, in respect to Prisoners of War confined in different Places in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence incurred for the Maintenance

of Prisoners of War during the present War, distinguishing the Expence of each Year; and also, a Statement of the Daily or Weekly Allowances of Provisions for each Pfifoner.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Rations issued Daily by French Agents to the French Prisoners in this Kingdom, since ift February Instant.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of Instructions given to Captain Coates, the British Agent for Prisoners of War in France, specifying the Rations to be furnished Daily to the British Prisoners in France.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money advanced by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and outstanding on the 31st of December 1797. 1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Gold and Silver coined in the Year 1797-

A Petition of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Merchants of Edinburgh, Importers or Sellers of Cloaths, Stuff's, or other Merchandize for the Apparel of Men and Women within the City of Edinburgh, were, by Charter, or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Scotland, dated the 29th of October i68r, created a Body Corporate by the Name and Stile of " The Company of Merchants of the City " of Edinburgh,"and invested with certain Powers for the Management and Regulation of their Affairs, particularly with Power to make certain Exactions, in Name of Entry Money, from Persons becoming Members of their Body — to apply the Money arising therefrom, and from such other Funds as might be acquired by the Corporation, towards the Support of their Poor Members, and also towards the Support of their Widows, and Orphans of Members, dying in indigent Circumstances: The Charter conferred a Right to prevent Persons, not entered of the Corporation, from exercising the said Trades, until they were admitted Members of it, and authorized them to exact certain Sums from those who became Apprentices to Members; and that the above-mentioned Royal Charter was confirmed by an Act of Parliament of Scotland on the 15th June 1693; and that, from the Funds of the Corporation arising from Entry Monies, the Petitioners are enabled to afford final 1 Pensions yearly to their Poor, and, from Contributions of Members, and Grants made them for the Purpose of supporting and educating the Children of distressed Members, the Petitioners are also enabled to support nearly Eighty Female and Sixty Male Children: But, while the Children are liberally provided for, the Poor of the Corporation and their Widows do not receive an adequate Assistance from the Corporation, although, by a Royal Charter obtained on the 26th September 1777, the Petitioners were empowered to demand, and have accordingly demanded, from Persons becoming Members of the Corporation, £. 6 Sterling of Admission Money, and, annually thereafter, 6s. Sterling, in Place of ftnaller Fees formerly paid; and that, in order to make a proper and adequate Provision for the Poor of the Corporation and their Widows, it becomes necefiafy, that the Charter 1681, and the A«ft of 1693 ratifying the fame, should be confirmed, as also the Charter 1777, that the Admission Money and Annual Contributions should be considerably enlarged, and that the Corporation should be veiled with the necessary Powers for carrying so laudable an Intention into Execution, and for making, from Time to Time, such Rules and Regulations as are most likely to insure its Success: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in

Accounts ordered: Money advanced by the Bank.

Gold and Silver coined.

Petition of the Company of Merchants of Edinburgh-

38 Geo. III. I'l FebrUarit. 3°3

such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall ficem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary , Mr. Wil-

liam Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

further Time Secretary Du'ndas prefehted to the House, ac-

for putting Cording to Order, a Bill to give further Time for putting

into Execu- jn Execution an Act, made in this present Session of

plementary ' Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty Militia Act, " to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary prdented. Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of Militia, by " incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time, committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bin.

confideied. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders . of the Day, if the said Bill shall be then ingrotfed.

Mtoregu- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to offices in the Order, a Bill to abolish certain OtEces, and to regulate Customs, pre- certain other OtEces, in the Customs, and for applying nte ‘ the Fees which have been received from vacant OfEees, towards a Superannuation Fund: And the same was received, and fead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Report ways Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

«nH Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

j VOL. 53.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills. ' .

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Ghancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr;

Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr; Long, do prepare and bring in the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or4 Billforredut *

der, a Bill for reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public OfEees, and for enforcing the Personal At- offices, prt-tendance of Persons holding OfEees in the Public Ser- fented-vice: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on Act Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- for '"cs°)'iras' red to consider of so much of an Act, made in the and Na-Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, vigatjoa. intituled, "An Act for the Encouraging and Increaf *

" ing of Shipping and Navigation," as relates to the Importation of Salt, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient- to permit the Importation of Salt from Portugal in Neutral Ships, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Douglas, Mr.

Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Bill further to der, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be li- sc"uffiUDiftil-. mited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, leryaddi-for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Dif- ti<alDiity tilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, rented. therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hob Art, according to Order, reported from the Bill to git Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to give further Time to comply with the Regulations of certain Ceru-an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti- ficates, re-tuled, " An Act to indemnify such Persons as have port *

" omitted to obtain their Certificates of Enrolment,

" Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this " Kingdom," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Account of Inhabited Houses charged with Duty, pre-l'en ted.

Bill to regulate the Trial ot Causes, &c. deferred.

Land Tax

Commi (Hollers Names Bill, re-committed.

Lord St. Vincent's Annu-ity Bill, passed.

304 22° Februarii. 1798.

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Hunter, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Houses in England and Wales charged to the Duty on Inhabited Houses in the within-mentioned Classes, specifying the Amount of the Rental in each Class.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading t>f the Bill (now ingrossed) to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time To-mbrrow Morning. /

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyseven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting tn Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into at Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John Earl Vincent, and the

Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl

Vincent'faa\\ defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Vincent to His Majesty and he Public, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John Earl Vincent, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent lha.ll defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His Majesty and the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Watch Cafes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order made, this Day, for reading the Third Time, after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, the Bill to give further Time for putting in Execution an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable " His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the " Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the ne-' " ceflary Augmentation of Men in the several Companics of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary " Militia therewith," if the said Bill should be then ingrossed, being read;

The said Bill (being ingrossed) was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to give further Time for putting in Execution an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to " order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary " Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men. in the several Companies of Militia,. " by incorporating the Supplementary Militia there with."

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

r

Mr. Hitfkijfon presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Extract of a Letter from Sir John Baronet, to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 7 th May 1797, N° 44: And also,

An Extract of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to Sir John Wentworth, dated June 1797: And also,

A Copy of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 2d June 1797, N 45, and of its Inclosures: And also,

A Copy of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 10th July 1797, N° 49: And also,

A Copy of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 12th August 1797, N° 50, and of its Inclosures, numbered 1 and 2.: And also,

An Extract of a Letter from Sir John Wentworth to

his

4

Lord Duncan's Annuity Bill, paired.

Bill to repeal the Duties on Cold, See. used in Watch Cafes, committed.

Bill to give further Time for putting into Execution the Supplementary Militia Act, passed.

Letters, &c. between Sir John Wentworth and the Duke of Poxt-land, pre-len ted.

22° Februarit.

38 Geo. III.

35

his Grace the Duke of Portland dated 4th November 1797, N° 53, and a Copy of its inclosure.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read;

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. HuJkiJJon have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session,

The House being informed that Mr. Farlill, from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year, ending the 31st January 1798.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j viz.

VOL. 53.

41 T *

Account of Coram i ffion -ers for Red uC tion of National Debt, presented#

12th Year *

The Annual ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year, ending the 31st of January 1798. Lk>

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ O

D'. Old Annuities 3 per Cent. New Annuities 3 pgr Cent. Annuities 175 3 fir Cent. Consolidated 3 per Cent. 3 per Cent, Reduced. 0

797- 43 Quarter. Total Calli received. Capital. u u C Cu Sums paid. Capital. 8 c 0 Sums paid. Capital i #c 0 ' Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital in all the Stocks. Total CaA paid.

/V3. 3. Quarterly Issue - - - - -10 99 and 96 Annuities - - -Dividend on Consolidated - -D° on New South Sea - - -D° on £ 3 per Cent. Ann 1751 To Loans ----- -- By Stock bought ----- 250,000 — — 13 720 3 7 152,153 12 6 26,62 c — — 7,620 245,285 2 3 29,000 Sir 15,841 5 — 29,000 15.841 5 —

7- - — — — . — 29.350 5ii 15,99; «s - 29 350 5.995 5 -

8. - - D° - — - 29,33° Sii 15,904 17 — — — — 29>330 5.984 17 -

9 - - D° - - - — " - — 29,35° S4» 15 995 >5 — w — " 29,350 5.995 5 "

10 - - D° - — - — 1 — 29.55° 54+ 15,993 <8 9 — 29.550 5.993 x8 9

14. - - D° - - - " - — - 9 35° 53} 15,665 11 3 — — z9»350 15.665 3

5 - - D° r - — — 1 - — — 30,150 53 15.979 «° — — — 30,150 15.979 10 —

16. - - D° - — — 29.950 '3} 15,985 16 3 — — — 29 950 15,985 16 3

17- - D° - - - " " - 2,000 5 3 s' 1,062 10 — 27,900 53+ 14,926 IO — — — — 29,900 15.989 — '

21. — — — — 7,000 53 3,710 — — — 23 IOO 53+ 12,271 17 6 — — 30,100 '' 15,981 7 6

22. - - D - - - - " - — 30.4 0 5 2t 15,998 — - — 30,400 15,993 —

3- - - D° - — — 30,900 5'1 } 15,991 17 6 — — — 30,900 5 991 17 6

28. - - D° - — — 30,600 Szi 15,988 IO — — — 30,600 15,988 10 —

Mar. 2. - - D° - — — 19,300 »>} + 9 9 5 5 " 11,695 52 6,081 8 — 30,995 15 997 3 —

3« - D° - - - - - — - 30,800 S'} 15,977 10 — — — — 30,800 5 977 10 —

7 - - D° - - - " - — 30,900 54 15,990 15 — — — 30,900 15,990 5 —

9- - - DJ - — 1" - — 31,000 54 + 15,997 10 — . " — 31,000 5 997 10 —

10. - - D® - — — 31,000 S> 15,810 - 31,000, 15,810 — —

14. - - D« - — - — 1,000 501 5°5 3 1 °O0 5°; i 5 7 5 — — — 32,000 16,220 — —

5- - - D> - 32,000 s°i 10,240 - - 32,000 16,240 — —

16. - - D» - — 32,000 5°} 16'200 - 32,000 16,200 —

7- D° - - ... - — - — 32,000 5' 16,320 - 32 OOOO 16,320 — —

2!. - - D° - — — — I,700 5°1 862 15 — 1,000 5°i 507 10 — 29,300 5°} S\ 4.9 9 5 — — — — 32,000 16,279 10 —

22. - - D° - - ... - — - 3 2,000 5'+ ,6,360 — — — 32,000 16,360 — —

23. - - Da - 2,000 5°i 1,015 — — — 30,000 S» 15,300 - 32,000 16,315 — —

z4 - - D° - - - - . - — 32,000 S« 16,320 - 32,000 16,320 — —

28. - - D° - 4 — 34,000 >0+ } 7 045 — — — 34,000 17.045 —

29. - - Da - — — 5,000 5°t 2,506 5 — — — 1 — 28,400 5°i . 4»27 — — — 33,400 16.777 5 -

30. - - D - — - — 33,000 5o+ 16,665 — — — 33,000 16,665

3 - - Do - — — 34,000 5°} 17,127 10 — — — — 34,coo 17,127 10 —

0 Jfr. 4 - - D° - J3,00° 5°+ i6,54i 5 — — — — 33,000 16.541 5 —

cq' 5 - - D® - 34,000 4y| 16,745 — — — — ~ 34,000 16,745 - ——

n" 6. - - D° - - - - . - — - — 34,000 49} 16,787 10 - 34,000 16,787 10 —

CD 0 7- - - Do - - . - — - — ' — — 33,000 49} i 16,448 15 — — — 33,000 . 16.448 5 —

11. - - D° - — — 30,800 54 5 977 0 - 30,800 5.977 10 —

CJ 12 - - Do - — 31,300 51 15,963 — — — — 3 3°° 5.963 — —

0 >3 - - D» - - - . - - — < - 30,600 54 15.72015 — — — — 30,600 15,720 5 —

19. - - Do - — — — M - — 31 »°44 54 t 15,950 2 1 — — . — 3 °44 15.950 2 1

20 - D° - — - — 1,000 512 10 — 30,000 5 4- i 15.394 2 6 — - — — 31,000 15,906 12 6

0 21. - - D° - 31,60c 5°} 15,997 10 — — — 31,600 5-997 10 —

0 26 - - D° - - - - . — I - 33,000 48+ 16,005 - j 33»c°o 16,005 — —

27- — 1 - 33.000 48} 16,046 5 — — — — I6.O46; s —

0 28 - - D° - - ... - — — 1 — — — — ' — — — — 31.736 48} i 49» 15,462 I5 — 1,700 48+ 81826 1 33.436 16,280 17 6

FT ' 695,403 18 4 — — — 15,700 — 8,094 5,000 — 2,58710 — 1,313,710 — 677,822 17 10 3.395 , 6,899 10 6 1,352.805 695,403 18 4

22° Februarii. A, 1798

8 Geo

a

O

b

G

O

U

a.

rt

a

b

WI1J

ss

v *

O

s

'ft.

OMJJ

Vofc, 53'

I I II

OO 3C >

j: ,

r *

00

til I H- *

r Tf TCTT tx.NO 71 rx fx vo O ~ N ON O - ~ O N " N N «s m n

\a na «t tA </ r> in un ia >r ia t/> w> tr\ cri in un »A trs cr\ vr>

-- L - r»ooO00000Q°Q920Pu 000 000Q0 N

y--Xo00Q00000000000000r

- ~ »V 1 rx rxso oorxQOooOOOO

o ° o o u g 5 5 o n

o8 o go

J 1 I 2 a & I o ""

|sl ip 8 2,111 IIP! % ?! Ills?

On

rf

a-

vo , , I I I , «o,

~ - n l o

| ~ I I I I I I.

|2 |2||22«ir2|£-2|22

£> 2"e.3-2-2S-S'S; | I I I I I I I I I I { 1 f I 1 1 1 1 1 1

" — — - " - n M in 00

VO O'VO O O W o' ON o' - o Q ° r - 00

& r- £» £ ovo oo vo ?1-;qq--c'< »

o-O,0,0,«« 'C o,wn>0'0'0 o - O II ~> — *

Ntl ►h'l»inV -1h» - Iw4f |H nft I I I I I I I I I

C>oo3Cooxooscoooo NOO I I 1 1 1

n 11111111111111111

Ml *

N

l/N

°S- *

0022 SSS2SS°200220

OOOOQOOOOi-vONorxq oqq qooq oqo,

N N N N'Q Neninm NM MNl I I I I I rt fO« N

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 11

I I I I 1.1 I M I I I I I I I I I Ig I M

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II

I I I I I I I. I I I I I I I I I I I I ?l II I I I I I l_j

I I I I I I I ! I I f 1.1 I I I I I I |

I I I II I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

11 I I|I I I I I I I III I I IJ ! I I I I M M

ft

Iiiiiiiiiifiiiiii iiiiiiiiiifiiif-iMfiififivrif

«f

yt

?lI I I I I I I I I I I I I I ifI II I I I I I I I II I I I I I I I I I 11 I 11 I I I| I

,..q , ,1 , . j.. , — ' 11 11 ' T o

! I I I 1.1 ! I I I I I I I I I I &l I I I

rx

oo

I I,) j I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

_____________________5______________

rTTTTTTTTirTTTTT TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTWTTTW~7

~ ' n

| I I I I I I I I I I I

11 M 11111 1111 11 11 1111111 i 11 111111 £

g Hrl I I I I I I I I I I I I I I M I I I I l-M I I I I IN I I I I I I I I I I M III

rC m wn

; oo - ~

m d 2 *

00

00

<3 *

Zoo 6 y o'O - jj 2s 5 5

m. — ? — - — -'- — i: :: : —: —: — - —; - - — 6

d\6 - NSO00 4-sO 6 - -i ft 6\ + -NSO O 2 JT rt

A

12th Year — The Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

308

22° Febru

A \ 1798.

u

3

<5

W

ri

TJ

<s

rt

CJ

_ jC.

5 7 J *

U e cn

3

U

O *

e

3

</)

.5

CL

I I 1 1 I 1 I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I II I 10 I I II i I I I I 2 |

X O O f) UMS j o N o -0 ert cr> o O NO »an j N O

rrv r oo «> - — rv, rv. — crvO VO 00 ian O Wi O'O — N m 00 VANVO h. O VO VO N O O VO TO o o O

VO — N\3 N N N O N O QVOO 00 00 N Cn O — NNf X- vO O O' C n O O O 0 0 1

w ir\uMr, N + m te> N -tf-O N an r>. ''t- van o tt ian CM tJ m

d'd'd'C>d\C>C>NC>'CvOvCvO\OvOvONONOvONO'OvOvCvOvOvON O\00 0\CAOnO.OOC\ONOsOOnO\ 0CNo" O

oooogoooo -oooo oooouoNOOoogogoooo-oocoo o o o o o q o o o o o o o# o o q o o o o ‘f q o o o o o o o o o o o .~rC.rC.rC X- tC xC tC:d 00 rC.rC.rC.rC. tCso Avd rC.fCrCtC.tC.rC CrCtCd On On O 6 O OOOO O O O C> O O n «n

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1° I I

ir>0 in ia O O lan ian la\ van ian cj unh

i i 1st r° i i

O VO r\ c) |

~ nM w „ kN r NVO VOM tAO JpN I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I InOOvO O OVO

O - KVO r. fN n o noo ONOO oo oo cm OnvO KlIMlIIIIIIIMIIII oo -tr, onnO

wo < r vVO n rs n O - — - - . - —

t ': -t- o n r q

0\c c c d\C 0N(5Ndsd\d\0''0vO\0v onqo

UN Xn cr» H

On ON OvO On On O d

ON NO

d d

cm n

CTN

UN

S|»wHN N|M»n[as' CM N CM CM N UN UN N UN UN

Mlat

hK

H -M ' -|a# «|30 Hfj HH xn| »«|w

— NcXfSCXtSr NM cr> UN UN UN UN UN IA UN UN IAN UN IAN

Tl I I I I I I I I I I I M I III

r.kc |aj IookW cc co On jC choc x oo rt T rt~ f~ ~&"

O O O O o

O O O O O

o o o o o

cC. r-. rv.

ooooboooo

OOOON

o o 'a o o ‘an o o o o «a o no

rCiCr oo x r x t t r

0 0 0 000 oooo- oooo o o o o o o

« I I I I I I I II I I I I I I I I I O O O 3 Ad 6 -

ro cn cn 1 1 1 1 1 1 ' 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 + Nj- t

I Is0 I I 1-1'°'° II I'0 I I I II I I

OUNNO O UNUnNkO UNUNJV j «AN j OU"lO O

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I M o ics § 111 I s i I I

O N ianoo eo — n un on t$-nq cm un n O u\o 2 dsvd rsON(>doo dsoo oo od dv dsoo coo <d d\

o

co

11111111111 m 111 „

-I *

Kka

oo

CM CM cm cm rx — «n Ct O x OnOcc On On o On On

LAN IAN IAN LAN«ANlANlANlANtA>VANrt-TT Tj-' -Tl-N -T}-Tt-'»t *

»h«| ,

I I I

o

CM

00

<an

can

NO

CO

rt

CO

O

ON

NO

o u '1 i HeD " ' f 0000000000000 ocoooo 0 0 0OOO 0 ian O O 'A 0 O O O IANLA-. Wr>0 CAN LAN O O 0 O O O O G I 1 I I I 1 I I I I 1 I I 1 I I I nV »t 4 N tC rs «A n N d k d Ox drC.d<d| I I I NO 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ' 1 1 1 c«nm cncncnccmwcnxcjmwN f co 1 1 o LA> q UN o NO

o V. n AN vy 3 a 3 T5 M Cu G 3 (/} 1 II, 11 I I 1 II 1 I 1 I 1 I 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 I 11 l.l ici I I O oo co van Ov II1.11111111111 r 1 O t . OS

»5'.M j I 11111111 \t\1111111111 n 111 i°s-li 11 1 111111111111 1

‘5- 6 o . < 111111111 § 11111111111111111 i B 0 i-Sl 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 o o o 4-

New Aonuities 3 per Cent. Sums paid. i i ii 111111 i 1111111111111 Ci 11 Cm 11 ri lift i M 1111111 IAN ON + V mm Sst 1

331JJ j 11111111111 111 ii 111 iHu ill i 1 1 1 1 % 1 % 11 11 I 1 I |i 1 1

Capital. 111111111111 11111111 Ii 11 Ii i in 111 Ii i 111111111 o o LAN ov

pld Annuities 3 per Cent. Sums paid. i i 11111111111j 1111 i i ili 111111111m 111Li 1111111 OO CM CV oo CM M 1 1 o OO f rC

[ 1 1 I 1 1 1 III 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 XI 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 111 i \ri 1111 1111 1

‘cu - ~ f u 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I I |l 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 CM 11 i 11 111 111 M 11 ii i o o LAN 4- KN

<5

u

I -111

I mnl I

8 8 ,7 2.2-| I III I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I J I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I li I I I I I

C N

VO

O t - r- O r co

o rr_N o r tv. —

an k n o

M I

LAN

t> *

rt -

3 KJJ

'Z l

'5 -O

a i 5

vn < c O

— ,° > l

co 1

3

O

CQ

OoOOOOqOOOO

aoooo

o r o o

o o o o o o

O e> o © o o

S-o §2 "

S -ooSiSQflQQfiRqflaflQnflfifiqOflfiflQflCQflflflflflQOftflDHfiflfieflfiSQQ

3; On t O o O O

d ova q a -i,

o o o o o o >,

K

On

1

N)

s

v *

>C

t-.

cm ed 4 00 Cn O lanO rCoo cm cd 4- On O 4 lan>o IvOO n m 4- va On O d r co c 4" lanO O - cm tv C\ O

nn ««NNNN HHH,«HNClNrtn

38 Geo. III. 220 .30c

lp»J?p.tQ

D. ized

12th Year. — The Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — continued.

g

t — h

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

>797-

To

To

To

' To

To

To

By

3- -

4- -

8.

9 -

1C.

11 -

15 -

16.

,7- -

18.

22.

23.

24.

29.

3°- -

31 -

Sept, 1.

5 -

6.

7- -

8. _

12.

,3 -

H- -

,5 -

19.

2°. _

26.

27 -

28. _

0 7. 3.

4 -

5 -

b.

10.

II.

12 _

13. f7- -

'9 -

20.

24.

27- -

Si

SALARIES;

Secretary -

Agent

Broker

Clerk

Messenger

EXPIRED TERMS;

Expired Terms

UNCLAIMED AND EXPIRED ANN U, I TIES:

Unclaimed and' Expired Annuities «.

ACCRUING INTEREST;

On a Capital of £. 29,427,132

is

IV. Pitt.

R. P. Arden. The? Walker. Sami Thornton.

04

H-l

o

500 ——

300 ——

400 ——

too ——

v so ——

79,880 14 5

38 843 — 6

882,813 l9 *

li° Februarii. A. 1798 *

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to give farther Time for putting into Execution the Supplementary Militia Act.

The Lords have patted

Pelerin's Nat. Bill.

Bill, read.

Petition to amend Neath Cana] Act, reported.

58 Geo. III. 2 2° — 230 Februarii. 311

Ordered, That the said Accopnt do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hoqfe.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris 2 30 die Februarii;

Anno 38 Georgii III. K Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Popham

and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to give further Time for putting in Execution an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to order out " a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, " and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of " Men in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith ;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Ferdinand Pelerin; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Neath Canal Navigation was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal Navigation from or near a certain Place called Abernant, in the County of to

and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near Mjelin-crythan Pill, into the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County, was read: And, Mr. John Wood, Senior, being examined, said. That the said Company have completed the said Navigation: That it appears, by Surveys lately taken, that the said Canal may be extended from the present Termination thereof near Melin-crythan Pill to or near to a Place called Giants Grave Pill, in the Parish of Briton Ferry, in the said County; and that such Extension of Canal will be attended with considerable Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and be of Public Utility, as thereby the very inconvenient Navigation of Part of the River of Neath will be avoided; and the Witness further laid, that the Company are willing and desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to make, complete, and maintain, the said Extension.

And being further examined, he said. That the said Art requires to be amended, and that some of the Powers thereof should be altered and enlarged.

Mr. John Wood, Junior, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, and for amend-

ing an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And Vot. 53.

that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Art, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River OuJ'e at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Art, and have caused the said Bridge to be built, and a Road to be made thereto, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Petitioners find the Exemptions, allowed by the said Act, have been the Means of many Persons evading the Payment of the Tolls thereby granted; and that, to enable the Petitioners effectually to carry the Purposes of the said Art into Execution, it is necessary the same should be explained, altered, and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, alter, and amend, the said Art, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Frederick -tin and Daniel Eckenfiein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Ifilin and Daniel Eckenfiein.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bid to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council af>. femb.led.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Price of Flour and Bread in the City of London and Parts adjacent is frequently much higher than the Price of Grain at the same Time warrants, and that the unnecell'ary high Price of Flour and Bread is a very great Grievance and Hardship on the Inhabitants of the Metropolis and Parts adjacent, and is most severely felt by the lower Orders of the People; and that the said Grievance is, as-the Petitioners apprehend and believe, occasioned in a great Degree by the Decrease which has of late Years taken place in the Number of Mills in the Vicinity of the Metropolis, and likewise, by the Supplies of Flour, which used formerly to come to the London Market, being diverted through various Channels to other Parts of the Kingdom; and that the most effectual Mode of reducing the Price of Bread, within the Limits aforesaid, would be by encouraging the erecting of Mills on the Banks of the "Thames in the Vicinity of London, capable of furnishing regularly an adequate Proportion of the usual Consumption of Flour for the Supply of the Metropolis, and taking Measures towards providing a constant Supply of Wheat, the Whole under the Management, Superintendance, and Controul, of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above-mentioned Purposes, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Petition to amend New-lnven Bridge Act.

Ifelin and Eckenftein Nat. Bill, passed.

London Com Mills Petition.

0

312 23 0 Februarii.A. 1798.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of , Mr. Henry Laftelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

London Small The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Debt Pcti- city of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of , in Common Council

assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the recovering of "Small Debts, and for relieving the Poor Debtors in and another Act was passed, in the Fourteenth Year of - , the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the said Act; and that the said Acts have been found- defective, and insufficient to answef the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other Provisions established, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said CityAnd therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And (hat they do exa-fnine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of , Mr.

Praed &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- ' cords.

petition for - The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the puking a City of London attended at the Door; they were called Decks "in the i 1 > and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Me of Dogs. A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of , in Common Council af-

sembled.?

1 And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That considerable Diladvantages and Impediments to the Trade of the Port of London arise from the circuitous Course of the River Thames round the Isle of Dogs, Ships and Vessels being sometimes loft, or greatly damaged, and their Cargoes injured, in attempting the Passage round it, or detained below it, for several Days together, waiting for a Change of Wind; which Loifes and Inconveniences rrlight be avoided, and the Delay rendered unnecessary, if a Passage between Black-wall and The Pool could be effected without such circuitous Course; and that, from the very great "and progressive increase of the Number and Size of Ships, and other Vessels, trading to the Port of , the

River Thames, in and near the said Port, is, in general, so much crowded with Shipping, Lighters, and other Craft, that the Navigation of a considerable Part of the said River is thereby rendered tedious and dangerous, and there is great Want of Room in the said Port for the safe and convenient Mooring of Vessels, and constant Access to them; and that great Inconveniences are also experienced in the said Port, from the Want of Regulations concerning the navigating and removing of Vessels in and near the fame, and the Want of a proper Arrangement of Ships, and other Vessels, in their several Moorings, with respect to their Dimensions, the Nature of their Cargoes, and their relative

Intercourse with the Custom House; and that great Delays, Accidents, Damages, Loifes, and Expences, are almost continually sustained from the last mentioned Causes, to the Hindrance and Discouragement of Commerce, and the great Injury of the public Revenue; and that the said Evils might, in a great Degree, be remedied, if the Petitioners were enabled to make and maintain a Navigable Canal or Passage, sufficient for Ships and other Vessels, across the said Isle of Dogs, between Blackball and LimehouseHole, so as to avoid, when necessary, the circuitous Course aforesaid, and to purchase the Mooring Chains iir the River,

from London Bridge to the King's Moorings at Deptford, and to appoint Harbour Mailers to regulate the navigating and mooring of Ships and Vessels in and near the said Port, which Improvements would give Accommodation and Encouragement to Commerce, and be of great Public Utility; and that, by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears that such Cut or Canal as before-mentioned may be made, and the Petitioners are willing and desirous to undertake the making and maintaining thereof; and that the Petitioners appre- i hend and believe, if good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, with proper Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, were made and established in lonie Part or Parts of the Isle of Dogs, with Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses, attached thereto where necessary, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships and Vessels employed in the West India Trade, the same would be extremely beneficial to the said Trade, and advantageous to the general Commerce of the Port of London, by the Room and Accommodation which would necessarily arise from the Removal of the Ships and Vessels employed in the West India Trade out of the River, and such Removal would also tend greatly to the increase and Security of the Public Revenue; and that, by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears that such Wet Docks, Basons, and other Requisites, may be made and constructed in the Isle of Dogs, which will afford ample and complete Relief and Accommodation to the Port: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Mainwaring, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are AJJitiwnl thereunto lubscribed, being Planters and Merchants interested in, and trading to His Majesty's Colonies and Pocks in the Settlements in the West Indies, was presented to the of Dogs. House, and read; Setting forth. That the Want of Accommodation for the Landing and Shipping of Goods,

Wares, anti Merchandize, in the Port of , has,

for some Years past, been experienced by all Persons trading to the said Port, and more especially by the Petitioners and all others concerned in the West India Trade, by reason of the confined and crowded State of the Legal Quays in or belonging to the said Port; and that, from the Nature and Value of the Cargoes imported from the West Indies, the Petitioners and others concerned in the West India Trade, fuller In a highly aggravated Degree from the heavy Loifes occasioned by Plunder, and from the Delay and inoreased Expence, arising from the above-mentioned Causes, attending the Discharge of the Ships and Vessels employed in that Trade, and the Public Revenue is thereby also very materially diminished; and that the Petitioners apprehend and believe, if good and sufficient Wet Docks and

Basons,

1

Bishop

London'

tition.

38 Geo. III.

2 30 Febrmrii.

Basons, with proper Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, were made and established in some Part or Parts of the of Dogs, with Quays, Wharfs,.and Warehouses, attached thereto where neccfl'ary, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships and other Vessels employed in the West India Trade, the same would not only be extremely beneficial to the Petitioners, and all others concerned in the said Trade, but advantageous to the Trade in general frequenting the Port of , by reason of the

Room and Accommodation which would necessarily arile from the Removal of the Ships and Vessels employed in the West India Trade out of the River 5 and that, by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears, that such Wet Docks, Basons, and other Requisites, may be ' made and constructed in the Isle of Dogs, and the Petitioners are willing and desirous to undertake to make and maintain the same at their own Expence; and that the Petitioners are informed Application is making to the House, by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, for a Bill to enable them to make and maintain a Navigable Cut or Canal, for the safe and convenient Passage of Ships and other Vessels, across the said Isle of Dogs, which Cut or Canal will, as the Petitioners are also informed, pass very near to the Place proposed for the Scite of the said intended Wet Docks and Basons; and that the making of the Wet Docks and Canal above-mentioned will be the Means of affording certain, adequate, and complete Relief and Accommodation, not only to the West India Trade, but also to all the rest of the Shipping now or hereafter frequenting the said Port of London, and to the general Trade thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

if A Petition of Beilby Lord Bishop of London, and the

Pe" humble Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Grand JunElion Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of for the Purpose of Building upon, a Treaty and Agreement hath been entered into between the said Lord Bishop of London and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands at Paddington of the one Part, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand JunElion Canal of the other Part, for granting a Lease to the said Company of Proprietors of certain Lands and Premisses, in the Parish of Paddington aforesaid, and the said Company of Proprietors require the Aid of Parliament to carry such Treaty and Agreement into Effect on their Parts; and that, if the said Treaty and Agreement was fully performed, and carried into complete Execution, it would be for the mutual Benefit of the Petitioners, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Beilby Lord Bishop of London, and the Bishop of London for the Time being, to ratify and confirm an Agreement made in pursuance of a Treaty with the Company of Proprietors of The Grand JunElion Canal, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 53.

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Mr. Hobart, Ac:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are willmi t.by thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an winoinon Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the lleign Roads Peti-of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repair- tioa> ing and widening the Road from the Eighteenth Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborn Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill, and also from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset, and also for executing an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That a Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing of which a considerable Debt hath been contrafted on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which Debt cannot be paid off, and the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, turned, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted; and that the Road leading from Zeals Green to the Purish of Maiden Bradley, through or into the several Parishes and Places of Slourton, in the County of Wilts, and Kilmington and Norton Ferris, in the County of Somerset, and also the Road, leading from the present Road, opposite the Porters Lodges at Zeals aforesaid, through the said Parishes of Mere and Stourton, to join the last mentioned Road at the North End of Lane, are much out of repair; narrow, and incommodious; and that it would be beneficial to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the same w'ere put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eftefting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr.

infon,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are wir.canton thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Paving and Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of tlon!"8 P his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteenth Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborn Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill, and also from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset, and also for executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wincanton, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Footways within the Town of Wincanton, through which Towq the said Road pafles,

4 L are

314 23° Februarii. 1798.

are in bad Repair, and very incommodious, and the Streets very ill lighted, and that it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resorting to, or passing through, the fame, if Provision were made for amending and keeping in Repair the said Footways, and for lighting the Streets within the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Key worth in- Mr. Pierrepont reported- from the Committee, to

reported ' 1' wh°m the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Keyworthy in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, . had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there -upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ,be

ingrossed.

Leke inclo- Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

sure 1 1' wh°m the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several

Open Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and fotind that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Crou liton A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are inclosure Pe- thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands ution. within the Parish of Croughton, otherwise Crowton, in

the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, consisting of Fifty-four Yard Lands, or thereabouts, of Arable Land and Ley Ground, and divers Quantities of Meadow and Pasture Land, which lie intermixed and dispersed in several Parcels, so as to be inconvenient for Occupation, and which would be capable of considerable Improvement, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors; And therefore 2

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, under such Regulations as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce Bird, Mr. Bouverie, of Northampton, and Mr. Perceval, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners appoint- cot Twouife ed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth petition.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminsternd other Purposes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have not been able to proceed in the Execution of the said Act, as they could not procure a proper and convenient Piece of Ground on which to erect the Building directed by the said Act; and that the Petitioners have now an Opportunity of purchasing a Piece of Ground, in every Re-speft proper for the said Purpose, but find that the Sum, authorized to be raised by the said Act, is not sufficient effectually to carry the same into Execution, and that other and further Powers are necessary for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. WBird, Mr, , Mainzvaring,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rest or. Vicar, Churchwardens, Eardefley in-Land Owners, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Pet1' Eardefley, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Commons and Waste Land, on which certain Farms and Dill rifts-of the said Parish have Right of Sheep Walks and Pasturage, and that the said Waste Land would be rendered more productive and useful, were they inclosed, and the several Persons having a Right therein be much benefited, if the same were divided, and Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the allotting and inclosing and adjusting the said Waste Land.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Biddii/ph, Mr. IVahvyn, and Mr. Scudamore, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Blcathwood thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them ("elves and |" °lure Pc" others. Proprietors of Estates claiming Right of Common on a certain Common, or Waite -Land, in the Parish of Little Hereford, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there is within the said Parish a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Bleathwood Common, containing in the Whole One hundred and Fifteen Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Common, in its present State, is of little Value, but, if the same was divided and allotted, and such Allotments inclosed, it would be much to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons, or Parcel of Waste Land,

Linlithgow and Lanark Roads Petition.

t-

Boughton In clolurc Petition.

38 Geo. III. 23° Februarii. 315

Land, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rertri&ions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Biddulp/i, Mr. Walwyn, and Mr. Scudamore, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Subscribers, Freeholders, Heretors, and Commissioners of Supply, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Lanark, or one of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, in the said County of Linlithgow, by Bathgate to Bailliejl, in the said County of Lanark, and which Act is amended and enlarged by an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have, under the Authority of the aforesaid Acts, borrowed certain Sums of Money, which have been laid out in making the said Roads, and carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Acts; but the Produce of the Tolls have been found not sufficient to keep the said Roads in Repair, and repay the Sums borrowed, with Interest thereof; and that the said Roads are of great Utility to the Public, and a commodious Communication for Commercial Intercourse across Scotland from the East to the West Seas, and likewise to the Parishes of the said Counties through which they pass, but, in order to keep the fame- in Repair, it is necessary, and will be of much Public Utility, that the Whole, or certain of the Exemptions granted by the said Acts, from Payment of Tolls, should betaken off, and the Articles thereby exempted made liable to Toll, and that Power should be granted to the said Trustees to raise the Rates of Tolls granted by the aforesaid Acts, and that the said Acts should be in Part repealed, and otherwise altered, amended, and enlarged, in such Manner, and under such Conditions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given Jo bring in a Bill, inter alia, in Part to repeal the said Acts, and for taking off the Whole, or certain of the Exemptions, from Payment of Toll, granted by the said Act of the Thirty-second of His present Majesty, and for empowering the said Trustees to raise the Rates of the Tolls thereby granted; and farther, for enabling them to borrow a Sum of Money to carry these Purposes into Execution, and otherwise for amending, enlarging, and extending, the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Conditions, Provisions, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M'Dowali, the Lord Keith, &cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of 'Thomas Hare, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Boughton, otherwise Buckton and

Netherhall, and Winnold, in the County of Norfolk, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all others having Right of Common in, over, and upon the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds, containing 1,527 Acres, or thereabouts, are, in their present Situation, of little Advantage tP

Vol. 53.

the Persons having Right of Common thereof and incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights, it would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, vns referred; That the Commitee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follcrweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Tournay being examined, said. That the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Port of Hythe aforesaid, and the Liberty thereof, are in a very ruinous State, and not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and the same are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and that it would be a great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, and to all Persons retorting to, or travelling through, the fame, if the said Highways, Streets, and public Passages and Places, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if ail Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances were removed, and Provisioa made for preventing the like in future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town and Port of Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Sir William Sir Edward

Knatchbull, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a Branch from the said Road, upon Pasture,

to Caldbeck, all in the County of Cumberland; And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for excl nging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Hamlet of Chilton, in the Parish of Moor-linch, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed Jo Mr. L>ickin son, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five <?f top Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition

HythePaving, &c. Petition, reported.

Penrith Road# Bill, presented *

Chilton Division and Allotment Bill, committed.

Outwell and Mow-B;ir-dolph, See. Drainage Petition.

The Lords have agreed to

Mr.Macklih's Lottery Bill *

Royal AlTent to Bills.

23° Februarii. 1798.

A Petition of the several Persons, tvhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Fen Grounds hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Lands and Fen Grounds Tying in the Parishes of Outwell, Stow-Bardolph, and

Down ham, in the County of Norfolk, containing 5,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which are l'ubjeft to be frequently overflowed, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Lands and Grounds were effectually drained and preserved, great Benefit would accrue, as well to the Owners and Proprietors thereof as to the Public at large: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual draining and preserving of the said Lands and Fen Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Coke, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Time limited for determining a Lottery established under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enabling Thomas " Macklin to dispose of his Collection of modern

* Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet " Street, by Way of Chance;" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Sir Francis , Gentleman Ulher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendence of this Honourable House in the . House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills and One Private Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl of Chesterfield, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to give further Time for putting in Execution an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to order out " a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men

" in the several Companies of Militia, by incorporating " the Supplementary Militia therewith

An Act for extending the Time limited for detprmin- '

ing a Lottery established under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enabling Thomas " Macklin to dispose of his Collection of modern Paintings, as now exhibited at his Gallery in Fleet Street,

" by Way of Chance

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving certain Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Parish of Middlezoy, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, such Extracts and Letters from the Correspondence of the th"French Commissioners for Transports, and of the Sick and Hurt Government Board, with the French Governmen as relate to the Sidney smith[ Detention and Confinement of Captain Sir ordered.

Smith, and to the Negotiation entered into between the Two Countries for the Exchange of Prisoners of War.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, resident within the Town and Dci)b„/ ere County of Derby, Manufacturers and Dealers in Clocks bock and and Watches, and the various dependant Branches, was Watch Duty presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in common with the other Manufacturers and Dealers in the Kingdom, feel a very l'enfible and alarming Decrease in the Sale of Clocks and -Watches, and other Articles of Commerce therewith connected, since the passing the Act of last Session, granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches; and that such Decrease still continues; and threatens the total Annihilation of the Foreign and Home Trade, unless prevented by Parliament; and that the most serious Distress has, in Conl'equence, fallen upon the Artificers in the above various Branches of Manufactory, Numbers of whom, incapable, from the Nature of the Employment, of obtaining any other Means of Support for themselves and Families, have, from a State of comfortable Independence, acquired by their Labour and Ingenuity, unavoidably become l'ubjeft to Relief and Support from their respective Parishes: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be repealed, or such other Relief granted, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches:"

And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion for That the Orders of the Day be now read. Orderfo the

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, Day, with-withdrawn. drawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Quarantine, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred' ' upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glals into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof;

and

38 Gfio. lit

33° Febru

3i7

and to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not per- mitted by their Licences, be now read.

'And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven -night, resolve itself into the said Committee;

I /

hill further to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ScotchUDiftil- eading he Bill, for further continuing, for a Time leiyadditional to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Par-, buty Aa, liament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties

tommut . on j3iftiueries jn ti,e several Parts of the Highlands of

Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rdfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

kind Tax ° ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotlfe, Commission- to consider further of the Bill for redi lying Mistakes in % ;" the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty " by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a _ Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service

of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight i and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which \they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next *

w

Pbmigai Salt Mr. Douglas presented to the Hotlfe, according to nnjjorution Order, a Bill to permit} for a Time to be limited, the tented Importation of Salt from Portugal in Neutral Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Exchequer Bills Bill, pre-lented.

Committee on Bill to repeal the Duties on Gold, See. Used in Watch Cafes,

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next."

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House *

Vol.

53 *

upon the Bill to fepeaf the t)ulies oh Gold and Silver Plate used in Watch Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parker Coke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parker Coke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several \

Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third kill to w ii-Reading of the ingross'ed Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which deferr«d. ' arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fot the Third Bill to give Reading of the Bill (now ingrossid) to give further Time to comply with the Regulations of an Act, paded Certain tern in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " AnACt finite ;paired.

to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificates of Enrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Coutts of this Kingdom," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title he, An Act to give further Time to comply with the Regulations of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to obtain their Certificate®

* of Enrolment, Admission, or Registry, in the several Courts of this Kingdom."

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the feVcral Persons, whose Naitles are Saint Giles thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Inhabitants of Houses, or Lessees of certain Pieces or Plots of Ground tion.ns belonging to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, in the Parishes of Saint Giles, Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloonifbury, or sortie or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, on which Houses and other Buildings are erecting, or are intended to bd erected, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the (hid Pieces or Plots of Ground have been lately laid out for Streets and Squares, and Houses of considerable Value are efeded,. or now building thereon, and many other Houses and Buildings are proposed and intended to be built in the said Streets and Squares, and in Places adjoining thereto 3 and that the said Streets and Places, and Squares, are not paved, and are subject to Nuisances and Annoyances, and, if proper Powers were given for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and watering the fame, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting to, or passing through, the fame: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effect- , ing the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rohfon, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.:

4 M And

318 23° FebrUariu 1798:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of William Beckford, of font hill, in the County of Wilts, Esquire, Owner of certain Woods, or Wood Grounds, in the Parish of Whip/nade, in the County of Bedford, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, having Right of Common in or upon such Woods, or Wood Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner,. William Beckford is ieifed, or entitled in Fee Simple, of, or to Four several Woods, or Wood Grounds, called Old Coppice, The Old Hills, Landmore, and Deadmonfey Woods, in the said Parish, containing together 222 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Owners and Occupiers of certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said Parish, have used and enjoyed a Right of Common of Pasture for Sheep, Hogs, Cows, and other Cat-i tie, in or upon Three of the said Four Woods, or Wood Grounds, at a Time, and it hath been customary for the Petitioner the said William Beckford, and the former Owners of the said Woods, or Wood Grounds, to inclose the same in Rotation, one at a Time, for the Space of Eighteen Years, for the Preservation thereof, from the Bite or Spoil of Cattle; and that the said Right of Common of Pasture, in or upon the said Woods, or Wood Grounds, being very injurious to the Growth of Underwood and young Timber therein, the Petitioner the said William Beckford is desirous of inclosine and holding the fame, in Severalty, discharged of all Right of Common, and hath offered to charge the same with a perpetual Yearly Rent Charge of Thirty Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Reprizes, in lieu of, and as a Compensation for, all such Right of Common, and the Owners and Occupiers of the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, entitled to such Right of Common, are 'willing to accept the fame, and to relinquish their respective Rights of Common in or upon the said Woods, or Wood Grounds, upon Condition that the said Yearly Rent Charge shall be vested in the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates; but such Rights of Common cannot be extinguished, nor such -Yearly Rent Charge vested in the said Overseers, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall l'eern meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Osborn, and Sir John Honywood, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons inte-. felled in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Cadding-ton, in the Counties of Bedford and was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors, in the said Open and Common Fields, are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed with each, other, and the fame, together with the other Commonable Lands dnd Grounds aforesaid, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Osborn, and Sir John Honywood, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Harper, of Liverpool, Merchant, on Behalf of himself and John Tar let on and Daniel house. Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Month of September 11796, the Petitioners purchased, at Public Auction, for £. $6o, the Foreign-built Ship Sundet Fed Helfingoer, which Vessel having become unfit for Sea, by Reason of the Damage sustained whilst waiting the Decision of the Court of Admiralty, was accordingly fold for the Benefit of the Concerned: and that the said Vessel, although detained as Prize, has not been condemned as such, and therefore is not considered as entitled to the Privileges of a Prize, made free; and that the Petitioners have already caused the said Vessel to be repaired, to the Amount of £. 1,099, and find that the further Repairs necessary will, on an Estimate which has been made, amount to the Sum of £. 1,200 more, so that, when completely repaired, the British Work and Materials will exceed the Foreign Work and Materials in the said Vessel, in the Proportion of nearly Four-fifths, and that the said Vessel when so repaired, will be of but little Value to the Petitioners, unless entitled to the Privileges of a British-b\xi\t Ship: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of admitting the said Vessel, by the Name of The Sundet, to the Privileges of a built Ship.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Court of Assistants, of the Worshipful Company of Clock Makers of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in Consequence of an Act, passed in the last Session, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, the Petitioners, and the Trade of Clock and Watch Makers in general, have sustained great and heavy Losses, and, should this Act continue in Force, they will be exposed to Hill greater Hardships, and, from the Effects already produced, they entertain the moll alarming Apprehen-fion of the Dangers to which they will be subjected; and that a great Number of Persons have disposed of their Clocks and Watches, and the Market has become so much overstocked, and the Value of the Article so much reduced, as almost to suspend the Manufacture; and that Multitudes of industrious Workmen, either directly or indirectly engaged in making Tools, Chains, Trinkets, and other Articles, have been thrown out of Employment, and reduced, with their Families, to the utmost Indigence and Distress, the Number of which is daily incfeafing: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and " Watches:" And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several other Merchants and Owners and Mailers of Ships, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Owners and Mailers of Ships or Vessels are deemed by Law to be. subject or liable to answer for, or make good to any Person or Persons, the Amount in Value of any Goods or Merchandize, by such Person or Persons shipped or put on Board any

Ship

Mr. Harper's Petition.

Petition front

Clockmaker Company foi repeal of the Clock and Watch Duty

aa

Ship Owner# Petition.

38 Geo. III. Februarii. 319

Ship or Vessel, loft, damaged, or deftrojred, by MednS present State, are incapable of any considerable Im-of any Accident whatever, except Accidents occasioned provement, but, if the same were divided among the by the Act of God or the King's Enemies, and also several Proprietors, and specific Parts thereof allotted except such as are expressly provided for by Two several to them in proportion to their tespective Estates and Acts, one made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Properties, it would tend greatly to the Improvement His late Majesty King George the Second, to settle how of the said Lands and Grounds; and that, if the far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for the Acts Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, payable out of, of the Matter or Mariners, and the other, made in the or in respect of, the Lands lying in the said several Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Parishes, or certain Parts thereof, were fextinguished, jetty, to explain and amend the said Act, and for and equivalent Compensations in Land allotted in lieu giving a further Relief to Owners of Ships; and that it thereof, such Exoneration from Tythes would tend is of the utmost Consequence and Importance to the also to the Improvement of the Lands lying within general Welfare of this Kingdom, to promote in In- . those Parishes; and that there are also 'in the said crease in the Number of Ships and Vessels, and to County of Rutland divers Woods and Wood Grounds, prevent any Discouragement to Merchants and others, called Beaumont Chafed belonging to certain of the Pe- from being interested and concerned therein, and to titioners, and other Proprietors, subject to Deer Browse, proper Persons from becoming Matters thereof, which or Herbage for Deer, and to divers Rights of Common is likely to happen, notwithstanding the salutary Pro-, thereort, Which are severally injurious to the Growth of visions of the above recited Acts, from the great Ex- the Underwood and young Timber in the said Chafe, tent of the Responsibility to which they are (till by and it would be of Advantage to such Proprietors, and Law exposed: And therefore prying. That Leave to the Public, if such Deer Browse and Common Rights may be given to bring in a Bill for granting further were ektinguished, and Lands Of the said Proprietors Relief to the Owners and Matters of Ships. allotted in lieu of, and Compensation for, the fame:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And therefore praying, 'that Leave may be given to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-. bring in a Bill for effectuating the several beneficial mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such shall appear to them, to the House j Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, as to the

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Lushington, the House shall seem meet.

Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- *

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- , Mr. Noel , and Sir William do

fons, Papefs, and Records. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wttton Tur- A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Re-

plklnclofore tition of the several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other Rights, within and upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Weston Turville, in the Courtty Of Buckinghwhofe Names are there-

unto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the several Lands and Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners, and of all the other Proprietors, within the said Opell and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed,' and inconveniently fitiiated, and, in their present Situation' are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein, it would be of great Benefit to them, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Latids, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr» Bernard, Mr. Praed, and the Earl Temple, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lvddington, ' A Petitiofi of the Right HohoUrable Henry Earl of &cP|ncLoSre Exeter, and the humble Petition of several other Per-PetitiaL fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, of other hereditaments, In dr Upon the several Commonable Landi and Grounds in the County of Rutland, hereinaftef described, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That these are within the several Parishes of Lyddington, With Caldecott and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and there is also in the said County of Rutland i certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Uppingham Brand, all which Commonable Lands and Grounds, in their Vot. S3'

A Petition of the Right honourable George John Earl Msoewde Spencer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting °fttre forth. That in the Parish of Mapowder in the County of Dorset, there are several Commons, Wastes, ana

Commonable Places, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons, Wastes, and Commonable Lands, upon such Terms, and under such Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Strachey, Mr. Morton Pitt, and Mr. Francis John Browne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Means deftr ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole red.

House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And theii the HoUfe adjotifried till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock;

_~ — 1 ----- ----- ----- ---+U- ‘ A ----- ----- — trf

Luna,26 die Feb;

Anno 38° Georgii III‘a Regis, 1798;

Pr AT E it 9;

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Cirenct&et whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose s are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That tion, rtprt l» the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee

Newcastle-under-lyme Canal Petition, reported.

320 26° Februarii. 1798.

tee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, palfed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of and that part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dud-bridge t and -also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bijley, so for as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, in the County of Gloucester, were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Lediard being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two several Acts, palfed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of rencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rod-borough Hill which leads to and also, the

Road leading from Cifencester towards Bijley, so far as

the Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of ter: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Townjhenddo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Gloucestet whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucejlet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Newland, from Accoum rf the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, valient by tts attended at the Door; he'was called in; and, at the Bank,

Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presente<L

An Account of the Money advanced by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and outstanding on the 31st of December 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

B ank of England, February 46th, 1798.

An Act CO UNT of the Money advanced by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and outstanding

on the 31st of December 1797.

On Land Tax D - - - 1 1 I 1 i 4 1 1 r 1 1 t OO ON ON ►H h-< «. a 1C‘ d. 1,738,000 2,000,000 —

Malt- - -D° - - - 750,000 350,000

4,838,000 —

Exchequer Bills without Interest ----- 376»7S9 — . 9

£ 5,214,739 — 9

A. Newland,

Chief Cashier.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Earl Gower Sutherland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the 1

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Roberts being examined, said. That by Surveys and Levels taken, it appears that a Cut or Canal may be made from the Newcastle-under-lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Grejley, Baronet, at or near the Town of Newcastle-under-lyme, in the said County of Stafford; and also a Branch of Canal or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near Apedale, to certain Iron, Coal, and other Works, at Partridge Nefi and Bignall End, in the said County,

for

Edinburgh Roads Bill presented.

Glasgow Roads Bill9 committed.

Henfield and Brighthelm-fton Roads Petition, reported.

38 Geo. III. . 2(5° Febrmrii. 321

for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels, which will open an easy Communication between the said Two Navigations, will facilitate the Conveyance of Iron, Lime Stone, Coals, and other Mines and Minerals, Goods and Merchandize, and will otherwise be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the under -

lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bozvyer Grejley, Baronet, near the Town of Newcastle , and

also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or , Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near Apedale, to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Stafford: And that the Earl Gower Sutherland and Sir John Mor daunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh j and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North , and the Water of Leith, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Years or His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, by Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of

Ayryand other Roads communicating the rewith, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals and New Bridge of GlasgoWy by the Chapel of till it joins

the Road from Hamilton, by Burn bank, towards -

sham, in the County of Renfrew; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at Dalmarnock, or Far me Ford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heron, Mr. Fordyce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His pre-.sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the May Pole, in the Town of Henfield, over Poyniugs Common, to the Town of Brighthelmston,

and from Poyniugs Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne, and from thence for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards

Twineham, and from the Marie Pit, near the Bottom of Saddlefcombe Hill, in the Parish of Newtimber, to the Marie Pit, fronting Nezvtimber Broad Lane, in the fame

Parish, in the said County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except as to the Exten-fion of the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards

rings Clappers, but it appeared that the Petitioners had

not determined to apply to Parliament for such Extension until this present Month, and that Inconveniences would arise, and the Trustees fuilain great Loss, if Power were not given, in the present Session, to carry the Intention of the Petitioners into Execution; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Vol. 53.

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Gates being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Road effeiftually repaired and widened, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted: And that it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Inhabitants, if the said Road were extended from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, unto Herrings Clappers, and such Extension put under the Care and Management of the Trustees aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, and Waste Lands, within the Township of Ulley, in the several Parishes of and

Aston, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bozeat, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Carys/ort, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, &cp.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Kelmfcot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Joint Fane, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to abolish certain Oilices, and to regulate'certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thttr/day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public Offices, and for enforcing the Personal Attendance of Persons holding Offices in the Public Service, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon WeJneflay Morning next, resolve Itself into a Committee or the whole House, upon the said Bill.

4 N Mr.

Ulley Inclosure Bill, presented.

Bozeat Inclosure Bill, committed.

Kelmfcot Inclosure Bill, committed.

Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Cultorns, commuted.

Bill for reducing Holidays in Public Offices, committed.

land Tax Commi (Rollers Names recommitted Bill, reported.

British Mu-i'eum Traf-tees Petition.

322 26° Februarii. 1798.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act made in the lad Session of Parliament to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting " an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-seven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax -to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read 'the Report in

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time " . Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Morrison, Depu- courntf ty Master and Warden in His Majesty's Mint Office in Ver coinqfc#. the Tower of London, attended at the Door; he was presented,-5 called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant "to their Order, '

An Account of Gold and Silver coined at His Majesty's Mint in the Year 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth} viz.

An ACCOUNT of Gold and Silver coined at His Majesty's Mint in the Year 1797.

Gold, 42,810 Pounds Weight - - - -- -- - Value

No Silver was coined in the Year 1797.

C

2,000,297

j. d.

5 —

Mint Office, 26th February 1798.

James Morrison,

Dep. Master.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Trustees of The British Mufetm, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

' Setting forth. That, in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum, allowed them for the Establishment and Support of the said Mufeuni, was reduced to a Capital of £ 30,000, Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £.900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representation they have, at sundry Times, obtained from the House various Sums to supply the Deficiency of their Income, which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to the King's Librarian, yearly amounting to about £.250, have proved insufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to carry on the Purposes of the Trust:, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, to grant them such farther Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed 8

in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the several Sums that have been already granted for the Service of The British Museum, and of feum>ordered, the Expenditure thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Portugal Salt Reading of the Bill, to permit, for a Time to be limited, gT]]fu 0a'""n the Importation of Salt from Portugal in Neutral Ships, mitwd. be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolveid, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Bill relative to prevent Peffons residing or being in Great Britain from Money owing advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on p ovfn " te<l the Credit, of Debts owing to the Government'of The ordered. United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, during the War, without Licence for that Purpose: And that Mr.

Solicitor

38 Geo. III. a6° Februarii.

3 3

Solicitor General and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Exchequer Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Mnunitted. Reading of the Bill, for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mutiny Bill, The Bill (now ingrafted) for punishing Mutiny and passed- Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be. An Act for punish/ng Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to repeal Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Gold5 &cS °n Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to used inWatch repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Cafes, re- Watch Cafes, was committed, the Amendments which ported. the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendmerits, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill further to The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ScotchUDift:l- ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lery additional upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be deterred limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, c ' for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to regu- The ingrossed Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes, of CauleT'&c iH if ments, and other Proceedings, which arise within pulled! C' the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, w'as, according to Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. I.31. After " accordingly" to insert " if " the said Court shall think it " fit and proper so to do."

Pr. 3. 1. 5.7 To leave out " or County at

& 6.3 " large."

1. 19. To leave out " of the Justices" and

( insert " Court" initcad thereof.

1. 31. To leave out " or the County at " large in which such City or ‘ " Town Corporate is situated."

Vol. 53.

Pn 3. 1. 38. After " Indictment" to insert " of Inquisition."

1. 39. After M Recognizances" to insert " Examinations and Depositions." Pr. 4. 1. 1. To leave out " Clerk of Assize of " the Circuit within which the . " County of such City or Town " Corporate," and insert " proper " Officer," instead thereof.

1. 5. After " of" to insert " Oyer and " Terminer, and."

1. 6. 1 To leave out " or County at & 7. 3 " large."

1. 11. 7 To leave out " such County at & 12. 3 "

1. 20 & 2 1. 27.

large.'

Pr.

39-

Pr. 6. 1. 1.

Pr. 7. 1. 10. 1. 11.

1. 14. 1. 16. 1. 19.

0. 7To leave out " or County at

1. 3 " large."

After " of" to insert " Oyer and

" Terminer, and."

1. 29. To leave out " or County at large." 1. 33. After of" to insert " Oyer and " Terminer of." h 35- To leave out frofn " given" to " and, " in 1. 39, and insert ih " Cafes of Indictments or Inquisitions, for the like Offences, committed within such next adjoining Counties," instead thereof.

1. 25. To leave out " or such County at ‘‘ large."

To leave out " or other."

After Inquisitions" to insert " Examination or Deposition."

1. 27. To leave out " or Counties at large." 1. 36. After " Corporate" to insert " or " within any Liberty or Franchise."

After " adjoining" to insert " or " other."

After " Recognizance" to insert " to give Evidence upon such Bill of " Indictment, or to answer our " said Lord the King aforesaid." After " adjoining" to insert " or other."

After " appear" to insert " prosecute."

To leave out from " Recognizance" to " Notice," in Line 20, and insert " after," instead thereof.

or

1. 21. After " adjoining" to insert " other."

1. 22. To leave out " and" and insert " prosecute," instead thereof. After into" to insert " or by whom " any Examination or Deposition " shall be taken, touching any " such Offence or Offences as " aforesaid."

After " into" to insert " or by whom " such Examination or De shall be taken."

9. 1. 13. To leave out " remove" and insert " return," instead thereof.

To leave out from " to", to " the," " in Line 19."

After " City" to insert " or County " of the City."

1. 22. After " or" to insert " to."

After " Certiorari" to insert " from " any Court or Criminal Jurisdiction within the said City or County of the said City of " Exeter."

7To leave out " of those" and insert 3 " other," instead thereof.

Pr.

Pr. 8. 1. 24.

1 35-

Pr.

Pr. 10. 1. 18.

1. 21.

1. 22. 1. 27.

1. 29.

& 30.

CC

Wajrt and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred *

Gloucester Roads Bill, passed.

Sandy Inclosure Bill, committed.

Key worth Inclosure Bill, pulled.

3 4

26° — 270 Februarii. . 1798.

Pr. 10. 1. 36. After " their" to insert'," other." Grounds, within the Township of Liberty of

Pr. 11. 1. 11. To leave out " County at large" and in the County of was read the Third

insert " next adjoining County," Time.

instead thereof. Rcfo, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 1. 37, To leave out " of such Removal," and be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, to leave out from " provided" to Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

" the," in Line 39. > within the Township or Liberty of in the

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question County of Nottingham. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

the Bill, by adding at the End thereof these Words,

" Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the feveextend, or be construed to extend, to the Town and ml Open Fields, Lammas Clot'es, Meadows, Pastures, paired/ w County of the Town of Poole." Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

And the Question being put, that those Words be Great Leke, otherwise in the County of Not-

there added; ting ham ,was read the Third Time.

It passed in the Negative. - Refo That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open be, An Act to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indict- Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, ments, and other Proceedings, which arile within the an<i Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Leke,

Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within otherwise Leke, in the County of Nottingham. this Kingdom. Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the

Ordered, That Mr. Parker Coke do carry the Bill to Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, made Penrith Road The other Orders of the Day being read; in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- t'em‘

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday jesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth -Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair-whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means ing the Road from Penrith to with a Branch

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. from the said Road, upon Cajllefowerby Pasture, to

Resolved , That this House will, upon Wednesday beck, all in the County of Cumberland, was read a

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Second Time.

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon, to His Majesty. Mr. Beaumont, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 2 70 die Februarii;

Anno 38 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Po.vers of an Adf made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sandy, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Saint John, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Beverley, &c.

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names "a Pe are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and portci Estates within the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets,

Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, thereinafter mentioned, or some of them, on Behalf of theml'elves and others, was referred ;That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Francis Haigh, a Surveyor, being examined, laid. That there are within the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grove hilt. Sand holme,

Alolscroft, Leckonfiehl, Arrant, Scorbrough,

Ayke, Bejwick, Wiifholme, Kilnwick,

Cranswick, RotJ'ea, Feat her holme, SBrigham, ho/me, Najferton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Little ‘

Carnaby, Fraijlhorp, Burton-Agnes, Granfmoor, I.iJett,

Barmston, VIrani otherwise Owram,

Beeford, North Frodingham, Brandes-Bnrton,

Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York, several Low Grounds and Carrs, which, in their present State, are subject to be frequently overflowed, and are otherwise incapable of any considerable Improvement: That if the said Lands and Grounds were to be properly drained, and preserved from being overflowed, and put in a State of Improvement, with such Regulations and Provisions as may be found necessary and requisite for that Purpose, it would be highly beneficial to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and all Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

draining.

Jleport Ex-y ;ing Laws,

38 GeO. III. i'f Februarii. 325

draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grovehill, Stork-hill, Molescroft, Lecko,[field, Arram, Locking-

ton, Ayke, Befivick, IV if holme, kVa!ton,

Cranswick, RotJ'ea, Featherholme, Brigham,

holme, Nafferton, Lowthorpe, Harpkam, Little Kelk,

Foston, Carnaby, Fraifhorp, Burton-Agnes, Granfmoor, Lif-

set, Barmfon, Ulram otherwise Skipfea, Dringhoe,

Beeford. North Froddingham, Brandes-Burton, Moor-Town,

Leven, Emmotland, Henipholtne, Goodhill Hoitfe, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding-of the County of York-: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr, Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read i and are as followeth; ‘viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain " Species of Britishand Irish Linens exported, and " taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign " Raw linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was, by Two other Acts, ,made iii the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the lieign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1786, and from thence tP the End of the then next Session of, Parliament, and which, by several fub-sequent Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-first, Thirty-third, Thirty-fifth, and Thir-ty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 24th day of June 1797, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is1 the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of " Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and' " Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods

an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof, and for " explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods, and to permit the "Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time," as permits the Exportation of Tobacco' Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the IVef Indies, which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1779, and from thence to the End ,of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Four Acts, made in the Twentieth, Twenty-third, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1797, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit Jo be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds, used for extracting Oil, from any Country " whatever, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed 1 Hull be above a certain Liniit," which

Vpi, £3 *

was to be in Force for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by another Act, made in tjhe Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the TwentyTourth Day of June 1797, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliar ment, is near expiring, and fit to he continued,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, irftituled, " An Act for " the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried of in the Greenland Seas and Davis's " Streights," which was to be in Force for Five Yrears, from the 25th Day of December 1786, and also, so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for further encouraging and regulating the Nemfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries," as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which, by an Act, made in the Thirty-lijcond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended, and continued until the 25th Day of December 1798, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the

Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery," which was to continue in Force until the ill Day of June 1797, and from theiice to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was explained and amended by an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is n?ar expiring, and fit to be continued,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more, effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain," which was to continue in Force for Two Years,‘from the ift Pay of January 1784, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which said Act was, by several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Twen« ty-eighth, Twentyrninth, Thirty-rthird, and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 24th Day of June 1797, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign " Wines for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in " their Possession at a certain Time, upon which the "Duties on Importation have been paid, and for " amending several Laws relative to the Revenue 6f tfExcise," as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or O/ficers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to continue in Force until the 5th Day of April 1788, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was continued until the lit Day of June 1797, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is th? Opinion of this Committee, That so much, and such Part of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better fe<;uring the Duties on Glass," as was to haye Continuance until the 5th Day of July 1797, and which was continued by an Act, made in the lall §ession of Parliament, until the 5th Day of Ju(y>i']<)$, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

0

3 26 270 Februarii. - A 1798.

That an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for authorizing His Majesty to " permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, " or Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, to the ltlands of Guernsey " Jcrfe\\ and Alderney, for the Sustenance and Uie of " the Inhabitants of the said islands, for a limited " Time," which was to continue in Force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued, '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the lart: Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for difqllovving the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas of the " Manufacture of Great , for a limited Time,"

which was to continue in Force until the 25th Day of March 1798, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

„ The Firfi, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth, Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were poltponed.

The Second, Third, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth, Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in pursuant to the Second, Third, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth, Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the w'hole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Resolutions, of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

Committee The House was moved. That an Act, made in the eoiiiidcT Ge° Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, nnoi furn- intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into pike Aits. One Act of Parliament, the general Laws, now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act, so far as the ' same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being1 proposed, That a Committee be appointed, to take into Consideration' the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads, and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight arjd Payment of Toll in particular Cafes; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " Acts" to the Word " Cafes," inclusive. *

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the said Acts; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committcce was appointed of Mr. Alderman LuJ'iington,'Mr. Pole Car eve, Mr, Sir

7

Pulteney, Mr. Tierney, Mr, Baker, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Elf or d,

Mr. Porter, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Torke, Mr. Dickinson, Mr.

John Fane, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Pierre pout, Mr.

Air. Dent, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Shaw Mr.

Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Byng, Mr.: And they

are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House,

Ordered, That the several Reports which, upon the Reports, re 27th Day of April and the 3d Day of 1796, were entd‘ made from the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the said Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of 11 is present Majesty, be referred to the Committee now appointed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Bill. 1 Importation of Salt from Portugal in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee,

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill t> amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in pence at Elec-the Seventh Year of the Reign of King IVi. the ons, <rfer‘ Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and '

" Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;"

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon this Day Sevcnnight, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " upon this Day " Sevennight" and inserting the Words " Tomorrow " Morning" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "upon tf this Day Sevennight" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words "Tomorrow Morning" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

ReJ'alved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Report on Pe,

whom it was referred to examine the Alatter of the feve- of the" . ral Petitions which have been presented ro the House Clock and in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of Wjwh Duty ary Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on " Clocks and WatchesThat the Committee had examined the same accordingly; and, that the House might be the better enabled more fully to understand the Circumstances of the Cafe, the Committee had directed him to report specially the Minutes of the Evidence

taken

38 Geo. Ill, 27a Februariu 327

taken before them; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Mercurii, 21® die 1798.

Mr. Richard Bayly, Watch Maker, Red Lieu Street,

Ckrkemvellj

Called in, and examined.

How long have you been in Business?

Ten Years on, my own Account, and 9 or Years before I took the Business upon myself.

State to the Committee what Effect the Act, which passed in the last Session, for granting certain Duties on Clocks and Watches, has had upon the Trade?

I have been in the Habit of making from 3 to 4,000 Watches Annually; but since the Act took place I have experienced a Diminution as follows:

fDelivers in a Statement, which was read — viz.]

« Watches sold by Rick Rayiy, in the Three following Years:

1795- 1796, / 1797. 1798.

Jan. 1 to June 30 - - - t - t. - - 1,886 I»725 1,900 1 Decrease. (

July 1- to Dec' 31 - - - - 1,908 1,040 J . > - 868

' Total - - 3,870 3>633 2,940

Pimimition in the la It Four Months. . November ----- -- 232 Il6 Decrease.: - - 116

December - - - ~ " - - - 471 5H IO9: - - 405

282 300 75 - - 225

212 334 59 - 275

1,021." —?

--The Witness further said. That his Trade is altogether in the Home Trade, and that he exports none.

Are your Watches fold for Exportation or for the Home Trade?

The Home Trade almost exclusively — don't know that 100 Watches of mine go out of the Kingdom.

In what particular Branches of the Business are you

concerned?

Manufacturer of Watches; which is completing the m.

Is there any Diminution of the Orders for Watches since the passing of the Act?

The Diminution is much greater — there is not an Eighth of the Orders that there \vere prior to the Act.

Are the Description of the Watches you make chiefly of the Higher or Lower Value?

'They are chiefly Silver Watches — The Proportion will be about from 2 to 300 Gold, and the Remainder in Silver and Metal; but the greater Proportion in Sil-yer — about a 12th Part Gold. '

In your present diminished Orders, does the same Proportion in the Sale of Gold and Silver Watches flail continue?

The Diminution in the Gold Trade is greater — I do not recollect to have had an Order for a Gold Watch since the Act took place, and have only fold Five since passing the Act to the present-Time.

Do you consider that Decrease in the Sale of Gold Watci ies to be owing to the additional Duty on Gold used ip Watches imposed this Year, or to the Annual 'fax?

To the Annual Tax,

Vol, 53. .

What Number of Workmen did you usually employ previous to the Tax taking place?

Upwards of One hundred.

How many have you been accustomed to pay Weekly Wages to since that Period?

I believe I have not been able to employ Twenty.

Do you not . conceive that the Diminution in the Demand for Watches, during the lad Four Months, may have been occasioned in Part by a Number of Watches offered for Sale, which have been returned ip order to be sold by Persons who have been unwilling to wear them on account of the Burthen imposed upon them by the Annual Tax?

It does not fall under my knowledge to know of a single Return of a Watch.

In the Course of your Enquiries, do you find this Complaint of the Decrease of the Trade general?

Yes.

Have you any particular Means of informing yourself from Time to Time on that Subject?

Yes — by travelling myself, Twice a Year, through England.

Js your Stock of Watches in Hand now as great or larger than it was in February 1797, or is it in Proportion to the Numbers made?

My Stock of complete Watches is larger, in con sequence of endeavouring to employ some few of my befl Workmen, rather than turn them away.

Can you continue to employ your present reduced Number of Hands, without still increasing our Stock, pnless the Annual Tax be taken off?

Jt would be impossible to do so.

I »

528 27 Q Februarii.A. 1798.

Have you, in the Course of your Trade, received Gold Watch Cafes in Part of Payment, since the passing of the Act?

I cannot Hate the exact Number, or the Amount, but I have bought more than 200 Pair of Cafes.

Previous to the passing of the Act, did you frequently buy Gold Cafes?

I believe those 200 Pair of Cafes are more than I ever received in the whole Course of my Trade; and in speaking of that Number, I am very much within Bounds. When they fell their Cafes, they usually fend up their Movements to be put in Silver or Metal Cafes; and I have had more Business of that Nature, than for many Years before.

Do you know any Instance of any Manufacturer in your Trade having, since the passing of the Act, delayed to execute, or refuie, any Orders given them?

I know of no such Instance.

Do you know of any Combination among the Manu-fasturers to make the State of the Trade appear worse than it really is?

I know of no such Instance. I believe that all the Manufacturers, in Humanity to their Servants, have given them Employ without any Prospect of the Sale of their Goods. .>

0

Are there any other Hardships, besides those you have already stated, which you are likely to suffer by, from the Continuance of this Act?

My Dealings are with the Trade, and consequently I am likely to fuller, in as much as the Whole of my Property is in the Hands of Country Watch Makers; and I find, finet;the passing of the Act, Persons who before paid their Accounts regularly, are unable to pay, in consequence of the Decrease of their Trade.

' What were your Weekly Payments to your Workmen before the Tax took place?

From £. 100 to £. 150 Weekly.

What are they now?

For many Weeks past under £. 20.

When you paid the larger Sum, how many Hands do you imagine you employed?

One Hundred.

To what other Branch of Business have those discharged Artificers been able to apply themselves?

Many of them have been compelled to apply to their several Parishes for Relief — many of them have also been obliged to pawn the principal Part of their Goods for their Support; and others have gone for Soldiers and Sailors.

Are there many now totally out of Employment i

Yes — a vast Number.

What do you conceive may be the whole Annual Amount of Watches made for Home Consumption?

I think, and I believe it is the general Opinion of the Trade, they amounted to about 50,000, before the Act took place; the Export Trade being about 70,000.

Do you conceive, that the Diminution of Sale for the Home Trade, is in Proportion to the Diminution experienced in your own particular Trade?

1 believe the principal Manufacturers for the Home Trade, are affected much in the same Proportion with myself. The present general Appearance of the Trade gives us Reason to think it will still gradually 'decrease.

Withdrew.

Mr. Peter Upjohn, Watch Maker, Red Lion Street, Clerkenwell;

Called in, and examined.

Have been in Business for myself, and myself and my Father, Forty Years.

What Diminution has taken place in your Trade since the late Act?

About Half; — as will appear by a Paper

[Which he delivered in, as follows:]

" Watches sold by Smith and,

Red Lion Street, Clerkenwell;

1796. January 1 to June 30 - - 1,452

1796. July 1 to December31 - - 1,936

Total 1796 - 3,388

1797. January 1 to June 30 - - 1,360

1797 July \ to December 31 - - 947

- - 1

Total 1797 - 2,307

1798. January - -«- 56

February - - - - 48

Total - 104/ *

What Number of Workmen did you usually pay Weekly Wages to, previous to the Act taking place?

I cannot state the exact Number — but we paid about £. i2o or , 130'a Week.

What Sum do you pay Weekly now?

It is now reduced to, from £. 20 to .£. 25 a Week.

Previous to the passing of the Act, did you frequently buy Gold Cafes of Watches, or receive them in Exchange for other Watches.

Sometimes we did — but seldom.

Have you had much Employment of that Nature since the passing of the Act, in changing Gold Cafes for Silver or Metal, or receiving them in Part of Payment?

Very frequently; but I cannot ascertain the Number.

Have you any further Information to Hate to the Committee, respecting the Effect of the Taxon the Trade?

The Loss of Trade our Customers in the Country have experienced, has rendered our Book Debts precarious, and our Customers declare their Inability to pay, on Account of the Decrease of their Trade.

Is your Stock of Watches now on Hand, as great or larger than it was in February 1797?

I suppose it to be rather lei's; on this Account, that finding a Decay in the Trade from last, we have been more cautious in putting Watches forward.

Is your Stock less ini Proportion to your Number of Hands than it was at the Time of passing the Act?

More in Proportion to the Number of Hands employed.

Can you continue to employ your present reduced Number of Hands, without increasing your Stock on Hand, if the Tax continues?

No — we cannot. We have made many Watches to keep our Hands on, in Hopes of the Trade mending.

Have the Workmen discharged by you since the Tax, been enabled to find Employment elsewhere?

Many of them have not — to my Sorrow I fee their Distress: 1 believe many of them to be beholden to their Parishes for their Support.

Withdrew.

Jovisf

38 Geo. III. 270 Februarii.

329

Mr. Benjamin Webb, Clock and Watch Manufacturer, Saint John's Sq,;

Jovis, 220 die Februarii 1798.

Mr. PtVrr Upjohn, being again called in, stated, That in Addition to his former Evidence he wished to say, the Proportion of Gold Watches fold since the Act, com| a~ed with the former Sales, differs as follows: That they fold Three or Four per Week, and now have fold Four Or Five only since the Tax took place.

Withdrew,

Called in, and examined.

Will you state to the Committee whether there has been any, and what, Decrease in your Trade since the passing of the Act of last Session?

[Delivers in a Statement; which wis read, and is as followeth

" Sold by Benjamin Webb, Saint John's , in the Years stated below:

1796. 1797 1798.

.From January ift to June 30th - -July 1 ft to December 31st - 1,220 , 1,190 1,088 565 DECREASE From |ft July to 31st December

Total - - - - 2,410 1.653 62 jj.

1796. 1797- 1798.

DECREASE

In the last Four Months. IN

November - - - 231 123 November 108

126 53 December 73

January 101 1 5 47 January - 78

February - - 49 267 6 February -'261

I t 52O.

How many of those Watches stated in the Paper de- What Wages did you pay Weekly to the Workmen livered in, were made in consequence of Orders re- you employed previous to the passing of the Act ? ceived previous to the passing of the Act ? Near about 100 a Week } and for a considerable

Above One Half were ordered before the passing Time back i have only paid from 20 to of the Act. Weekly.

Were any Orders countermanded in consequence of - Have you any Assurance of immediate Orders from the Tax ? your Customers, in case the Tax is taken off?

Yes, a conGderable Number — I have about £.300 ' I have had Letters from different Customers, that

worth of Gold Watches which have been counter- they could fend Orders jf the Tax was taken off. nianded since the Act took place, and many Silver jn what Manner are those Persons employed who are ones . now out of Work?

Do you believe those Orders to have been counter- , o{. them are obliged to have Assistance from

rnanded in consequence of old Watches being returned f°tne, J luppole, are gone to Sea or into

upon the Hands of the Retailer, or in consequence of c Army *

the Operation of the Tax? Have you any Means of knowing the Number of

I think the Whole has been returned in confe- Persons employed in the different branches of the quence of the Tax i and I have Letters which cquld Watch Trade in Clerkenwell f

prove it. There are several Thousands, including their Fa-

T or rr , _ milies; but I cannot exactly ascertain.

Is your Stock upon Hand greater or less in Propor- ,

tion to the Number of Hands employed than it was in . Have y°u had much Employment in substituting

February 1797? Silver and Metal Cafes for Gold, and' to what Extent,

Full Two Thirds larger in Proportion than I ever hnce the lax? had. Very considerable, but I cannot speak to Num-

bers; but I have, since the Act, taken more Gold

Do you fee any probable Means of lessening your Cafes from Watches, and applied Silver and Metal ones Stock ? to the old Movements, than I ever did before in the

Not any other Means than by lessening my Num- whole Course of my Trade, and 1 have been in Pufincfs ber of Workmcn ;which I have done. Tvyenty-seven Years.

Vol. 53. 4P Pq

33

Do you know any Thing of the Weekly Earnings of any Number of Watchmakers.in our Neighbourhood previous to the Commencement of the Tax?

A particular Account has been taken, which I beg leave to refer to; and which Account is in the Hands of a Committee chosen to investigate this Business, and which Committee consisted of Persons chiefly not of the Watch Trade.

Have you had any Failures in your Payments, according to the due Course of your Trade, in consequence of the Act?

Very great indeed — I am apprehensive I shall sustain considerable Loss on that Account.

Have those with whom you deal assigned any Cause Tor their Non-payments of the Debts due to you?

Yes — {fating that their Business had so much fallen off that they were unable to discharge their Accounts.

Withdrew.

Furthgr Evidence being offered to be adduced to the several Matters already stated, the Committee were of Opinion, that no further Information upon those Heads was necessary.

Mr. John Carr, Watch Manufacturer;

Called in, and examined.

Are you engaged in the Watch Manufactory at Coventry?

Yes — as a Principal Five Years.

Are you concerned chiefly in the Home or Foreign Trade?

In the Home.

State to the Committee', whether the Watch Manufactory was in a thriving State previous to the Tax taking place?

Yes — it had been so for several Years.

What Effect has the Annual Tax had on the Trade?

Since the Act has taken place, more than One Half of our Orders have been withdrawn.

What Number of Watches did you make in the Half Year previous to the Annual Tax, from 1796 to Midsummer 1797, and what Number in the

subsequent Year?

From 1 ft January to ift July 1,990 Watches; from l ft July to 1 ft January 1,829 Watches.

Were the Watches manufactured in the last Haif Year made for Orders, or in the Hope of felling them in the common Course of Trade?

In the Hope "of felling the m.

Have you disposed of them with the same Facility as before the passing of the ACb?

We have not.

Is your Stock upon Hand larger or smaller, in Proportion to the Number of Hands employed, than it was in February last?

Much larger.

Were your Workmen fully employed before the Tax took place?

They were.

Are those you still keep fully employed?

They are not.

Do you manufacture chiefly by Apprentices or Journeymen?

By both — the greatest Part by journeymen. What Men we have, we can only give them Three Days Work in a Week, as we have had no Sale for these Two or Three Months past.

7

1798.

Can you continue to supply them even with that Proportion of Work, unless there be some Improvement in the Trade?

We cannot.

Are there any other Branches of Mechanics at Coventry, in which these discharged Men can be employed?

None that I know of.

To what Cause do you ascribe the Reduction of the Manufacture?

From the Annual Tax.

Do you ascribe the Reduction solely to the additional Tax, or to the Effect of the Duty on Gold and Silver ? To the Annual Tax solely.

Do you, in Person or by your Riders, go through the Country upon your Business?

Myself once a Year.

Can you state what Alterations have taken place in the Course of the Trade since the Tax?

[The Witness delivered in the following Statement:]

" Orders taken by J. Carr, for Watches, the last " Journey before the Tax was laid on " them ----- - Number - 725

" The Journey since, only ----- -95

\ S, —

" The Difference from another Journey, made '

" in February 1797 - ----- 148

" And one made in February 1798 - - - 17.' *

Do you believe that the Loss of your Orders arises from Watches being returned upon the Hands of the Retail Sellers, or in cortsequence of the Tax?

In consequence of the Tax.

Do you know of Any Combination, on the Part of the Manufacturers, to make the Trade appear worse than it really is?

I do not.

Do you believe that there is any such Thing in Existence?

I verily believe there is not — if there had been, I certainly should have known it.

Have you any Assurance from your Correspondents of further Orders, in case the Tax should be taken off?

I have.

Do you believe that the Watch Manufactory would revive if the Tax be taken off?

I do think so.

Do you think any thing ftiort of Repeal would answer that Purpose?

I myself think it would not.

In what Situation are your Book Debts, in consequence of the present State of the Trade?

Very casual — Ilook upon our Property in Trade to be reduced One Half by it; that is, 10 in the Pound.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Wall and Mr. William both of

Coventry;

Being called in, they confirmed the above Evidence r

And Mr. Wall being further examined, was a Iked;

Are you a Parish Officer?

Yes.

In what Situation are the Workmen, in consequence of the Reduction in the Trade?

Some of them are come to the Parish — an Instance never known before that I know of.

Do

170 Februarii.

38 Geo. III. 270 Februarii.331

Do you mean to {late that you never heard of -any Workmen relieved by the Parish before the Imposition of the Annual Duty?

Yes, I do.

Do you believe that many more will shortly apply for Relief, unless the Tax be repealed?

Yes, I do.

Withdrew,

Mr. John Carry again called in, and examined,

Do you deal in Ornaments for Watches j and what Effect has the Annual Tax had upon the Birmingham Seal and Chain Trade?

I have been in the Habit of felling them for Twenty Years, and from my own Returns the Sale has been reduced Three Parts out of Four since the impof ing of the Tax.

Would this Branch of the Trader be restored, provid ed the Tax was repealed?

In my Opinion it would.

Is it a Manufacture of Conference?

Three or 4,000 People are employed in it — .-Chain, Seal, and K.ey Makers, are Three distinct Branches of Trade — there are some who do manufacture the Whole, but not many.

Withdrew,

Mr, William Tarleton, of Liverpool j

Called in, and examined.

How long have you been engaged in the Watch and Clock Trade?

Since 176a,

How many Men have you paid Weekly Wages to,

previous to the Tax?

Upwards of ?oo; between z and 300 Mep and Apprentices,

How many since the Tax?

Not above One Half — nor have I more than Three Pays' Work in a Week 'for them- — more I have turned off lately.

What Number of Gold Watches did you usually manufacture in a Year before the Tax took place?

From Twelve to Twenty — since the Tax not One,

How many Silver and Metal ones previous to the Tax?

From Twenty to Twenty-four a Week,

How many since?

Scarcely One Halfj and many of them I have now by me.

How are those Men employed which you have discharged?

Some of them gone to Sea — 4 cannot, give any Account what has become of the others.

What Effect has this Tax upon the Watch Tool Manufacturers?

A very bad one — they have not Half Employ.

Are not Persons employed in the Watch Mapufac tures employed likewise in making the Machinery of Cotton and Woollen Mills, and have they been constantly or only periodically employed?

When the Machinery is first constructed many are employed in that Work, and afterwards some are engaged to attend and keep it in Repair,

Withdrew.

Vol. 53,

Mr. Thomas Johnson, of in

a Watch Gold Hand Maker;

Called in, and examined,

How long have you been in that Trade?

About Thirty Years, \

What has been the Effect of the Tax upon your Trade?

It has entirely reduced it to nothing.

[The Witness delivered in the following State ment of the actual Decrease in his Business:]

1796. January, 1 FebruaryJ March, J - Goods fold - C ' 294 s. d. I -rt

April, ] May, June, J Ditto - - - 63a 15 —

July, August, September, . Ditto . $8$ 3 — .

- October, "i November, ] DecemberJ Ditto * 474 I — *

797- January, j February, J MarchJ Ditto > - - 73 H —

April, I May, June, J Ditto - 6 7

July, August, September, J Ditto - ♦. - S39

October,

Mr, lDl,°..... 3 < —

What Number of People did you usually employ ? Upon an Average Forty Persons previous to the

t

What Number do you now employ?

I left Twenty at Home, but they bad nothing t9 do when I came away on Friday.

Has the Deficiency in your Trade been gradual or sudden since the Tax?

The former Part has been gradual — lately fud *

den.

Do you think it was affected by the Duty on Gold and Silver?

I think not at all.

Do you apprehend there is as great a Diminution in other Branches of the Watch Tool Trade as in your Trade?

Yes, I do; mine has fallen off quite to nothing — others, perhaps, not quite so much — but all in a great Degree,

Are there not a great Number of Persons in your Neighbourhod employed in the Watch Tool Trade?

Yes — a great Number, 890 or more, about Liverpool; and I believe that Trade is nearly at a Stand; I should not wonder if it was quite so.

Are not those employed in making Watch and Clock Tools the same who are also employed in making the Machinery of Cotton, Woollen, and Silk Mills?

' Yes — as soon as a new Cotton Building is erected

and fitted up with Machinery, the Men are all discharg. pd, except One or Two, to keep it in Order.

Will

332 27 0 Februatii.A. 1798.

Will a Decline in the Watch Trade necessarily diminish the Supply of Mechanics capable of constructing Machines used for the Manufactures of the Country ? Undoubtedly it will.

Withdrew.

Mr. Edward Bin}, of;

Called in, and examined.

Are you engaged in the Clock and Watch Business? Yes — for above Twelve Years;

Can you state the different Effect it has had on the Clock and Watch-making Business?

The Effect has been much the fame; but in the rough Material considerably more.

Are the Persons employed in the Business in , Manufacturers or Venders only?

In the Watch Trade Venders only-r-there were a great many Clocks manufactured in Bristol before the Tax, and the Business in the raw Material was more considerable than in making Clocks complete.

Have you observed any Diminution in the Sale of Clocks and Watches since the Imposition of the late Duty?

Yes.

Yo what Amount?

Equal to Three Fourths in my own Business.

Have you observed its ElTects upon the Business of others concerned in the same Trade?

Yes — I have made it my Business to esquire; the Result has been a Diminution of Three Fourths, some Five Sixths, and none less than Halt.

Do you know the Number of Persons employed in the Watch and Clock Trade at Bristol?

About 150 to 20c; Matters and Workmen.

Have any been thrown out of Employ in consequence of the Tax?

A considerable Number.

Has any Alteration taken place in your own Journeymen or Apprentices?

At present I have no more Work than what I can do myself and my Apprentice, and I have before employed Two Apprentices, and sometimes a Journeyman besides.

Have you been engaged in felling Ornaments for Watches?.

Yes.

Have the same Effects attended that Btanch of the Trade? '

It has very materially diminished it.

Has there be'en a Manufacture for rough Materials for the Trade carried on at Bristol?

There has, for Clock Work; in one House a Diminution has taken place of Cwt. a Week in rough Brass for Clocks, and nearly in the same Proportion with others.

In what Degree Has your Trade of Clock Maker been reduced since the Tax?

As a Clock Maker I may say it has been totally annihilated, for I have only fold One Clock since: I used to fell about Six in Six Months.

What has been the Diminution in Watches ? Three Fourths.

Withdrew.

Mr. Charles Penny, of;

Called in, and examined.

What Branch of Business have you carried on?

A Vender of Watches.

Has your Sale experienced any Diminution since the Duty has been laid on Watches?

Considerably more than' One Half.

Can you state what the Effect has been upon the Trade in general, at Bristol, since the Tax?

I have made it my Business to inform myself; and it has decrcafed One Half, and in many Cafes considerably more.

Has the same Effect happened with respect to the Manufacture of rough Materials for Clocks?

That Branch of the Business which used to supply the Clock Makers in the Western Counties, and Wales, is now almost annihilated.

Withdrew.

Veneris,-230 die 1798.

Mr. John Carr, being called in,

Was shewn the Statement, delivered by him Yesterday, of the Number of Watches he made in the Half Year previous to the Annual Tax, from Christmas 1796 to Midjmmer 1797, and what Number in the subsequent Year, and was asked;

Having stated to the Committee, upon your former Examination, that there was a great Decreale in your Manufactory, how do you account for the Statement delivered in, shewing that Decreale not to be considerable?

Orders that were had before the Tax was laid on, which Orders we lent out to the Watch Makers, although not One in Six were really fold.

Is that Nurnper of Watches given actually fold?

They are not — they are lent to different Correspondents in the Country, with their Names on them, and then they are paid for when fold — and I know they are not fold, because I have just come off that journey,

Withdrew',

Mr. William Bradshaw, again called in, and examined.

Can you state the Number of Watches made by you in the Half Year previous to the Annual Tax, and like-wife in the Half Year subsequent?

Before the Tax I might manufacture between Forty and Fifty per Week; and since, not Half: And before the Tax I always had Orders in the House for more than I could get made. As soon as the Tax took place I had daily Countermands of Orders, dating, that they should never fell them, or be able to pay for them. I have been making a few even since. I have such a Stock now in Hand, that unless the Demand for Watches is increased, I dread the Consequence; and I am certain that nothing but the Repeal of the Tax will cause the Sale of them. We are obliged to do some Work for the Sake of employing our Apprentices, which is now a Loss to us, and whole Indentures cannot be thrown up.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Wall, again called in, and examined.

Can you state the Number of Watches made by you in the Half Year previous to the Annual Tax, and also in the Half Year subsequent?

[The Witness delivered in the following Statement :]

U 1 0 .

38 Geo. Ill,

" 1796.

t ' s

I ft January to

id July

1 ft July to

ift January 1797

1,141 750."

Is your Stock an ir.creasing one, notwithstanding the Reduction of your Hands?

Yes, it is.

Do you work by Apprentices or Journeymen?

By both. t

333

stance' induced me to fend a Quantity of Rice to be distributed amongst them, which on finding insufficient I applied to a Committee at Lloyd's, who gave me for the Soup Society at Clerkenwell,£. 150, Fifty Tons of Potatoes, and Twenty-five Chaldron of Coals; which appearing small to the great Necessity, induced a Part of the Committee that had in their Hands some Money for the Relief of Pawns, to give me 100, which they recommended my particular Application of This induced me to call together a Committee for its Dif- 1 tribution. On the Meeting of that Committee, it appeared to us that the most proper Means of atcertaining the real Distress, was to call upon the Individuals employed in the Clock and Watch Trade. This was undertaken by Sixteen Persons, who made a Return in Four Days; when it appeared according to a Statement I have.

270 Februarii.

1797-

I 1 ft January 1

j- 534 to J. 548 I ft July J

] ift July I

{ 6p7 to > 202

id. January 1798J

Are you obliged to employ your Apprentices, even without a View of felling?

Yes.

Withdrew.

Mr. Joseph Reyner, Merchant (and not concerned in the Watch and Clock Trade);

Called in, and examined.

[Statement delivered in, and read, as follows:]

" An Abstract of the Books of a Society, established for relieving the Distresses of the Clock and Watch Makers resident in the Parishes of, Clerkenwell, Luke's Old and the Neighbourhood; occasioned by the Want of Employment in their Trades.

What Part have you taken in this Business?

In investigating the Distresses of the Watch Makers in Clerkenwell. Their Distresses in the First In-

N° of Artificers and Workmen in the above District, whole Distresses have come to Knowledge in the Space of Days. N° of Wives. No of Children. N° of Apprentices. Cross Weekly Amount of the Earnings of these Artists prior to the Palling of the Act. Cross Weekly Amount of their Earnings subsequent to the Palling of the Act. N° of Pawnbrokers Duplicates. Amount of the Money for which the Property has been pawned £nce the Act.

£. s. d. £ j. d. £ 4. d:

I, IOI. 886. 1 >945- 301- i»5" 11 — 417 6 2 7,480. I>5°3 9 7-

We attest that the foregoing is a faithful Abstract of the Books referred to, according to the belt of our Judgment.

Joseph Reyner, Merchant,

of Duck's Foot Lane.

Rob'Hoivard, Old Street,

Tin Plate Worker.

JVmRob' Turner, Brick Lane, Old Street,

Grocer.

lVm Robertson, Churchwarden of Clerken-

Movement Maker.' *

Have you any Reason to believe, from the Enquiries you have made into this Matter, that there has been any Combination or Attempt to misrepresent the real State of the Watch Makers, in consequence of the Tax ? ‘

I have not — and the Information I am bringing before the Committee, arises merely from my own Knowledge of their Distresses; and it is more than Three Months since I have known of this Distress.

Withdrew.

Mr. IViHi am Robert

Being called in, confirms the above Evidence; and adds, That in the different Houses he went to, which were more than 150, he never saw any Instance like a Combination.

Withdrew.

Vol. 53.

Mr. John Deacon, Clock and Watch Maker,

at Leiceji;

Called in, and examined.

Has been in the Business Fourteen or Fifteen Years.

Has your Business suffered considerably since the passing of the Tax?

Since the 6th of December last to about the 14th Instant, I did not fell a single Watch — Before the Tax,

I was in the Habit of felling One Watch a Week.

Have you any particular Means of ascertaining the Distresses of the Clock and Watch Makers in your Part of the Country?

Oh the Call of the Committee in , a Meet-

ing of the Clock and Watch Makers was called in our County, and an Enquiry made respecting the Business j when it seemed, on the Average, that Half the Trade was loft since the Tax commenced, and that some have loft near Three Fourths. I was Chairman of the Committee; and the Tax has had the same Effect upon others in the Trade at Leicester, as upon myself. Previous to the Tax, I was in the Habit of felling Forty Clocks in the Year; and since, I have only fold Two, One of which was ordered before. Since the Tax, I have bought many Watches merely for the Price of the Gold and Silver, and more Gold ones than others.

Withdrew.

4 Q Mr.

3 34 Februatii 179$.

Mr. John Chapman, Clock Maker, at -Loughborough;

Called in, and examined.

Has been in the Habits of felling Clocks Twenty-three Years.

What Effect has the Tax had upon your Trade ? Nearly destroyed it — I have not fold One Clock during the last Three Months — previous, I usually fold about Seven in Three Months.

What Effect has it had on your Situation in Life?

I have been affected in the same Proportion with respect to the Sale of Watches.

Has it had the same Effect upon the rest of the Trade in Leicester?

Yes.

Withdrew.

In what Situation are they now as to Employment?

I have had more Applications for Work since the Tax, than I ever had-at any former Time — and Two of my Journeymen are lately gone Abroad.

Are the rest of the Trade in a better Situation than yourself?

Much worse.

Withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Reedy Clock and Watch Maker,

at Edinburg

Being called in, concurs in the above Evidence; and adds. That his Stock in Hand is larger than usual.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Grant, General Manufacturer of Clocks v and Watches, Fleet Street, London.

Mr. James Howden, Manufacturer of Clocks, and Vender of Watches, at Edinburgh;

Called in, and examined.

What was the State of the Watch and Clock Trade in Scotland, previous to the Annual Tax?

It was in a very flourishing State.

How many Clocks and Watches did you generally fell on an Average in Six Months previous to the Tax, and how many since?

[Delivers in the following Statement:]

" 1796.

SILVER

GOLD. or CLOCKS. VALUE.

METAL.

09.' 159- l8. £ S. d. 305 I —

1797 *

January to June inclusive.

SILVER

COLD. or CLOCKS. VALUE.

METAL.

22. 69. 10. % £. s. d. 431 4 —

July to December inclusive.

r — - J J

£. s. d.

14. 65. 4- 231 8 — "

Do you believe the Reduction in the Sale of your Clocks and Watches to arise wholly from the Annual Tax?

' I felt the Decline of my Business from the Moment the Tax took place.

Do you think any Measure can restore your Trade except the Repeal of the Tax?

Nothing less than that.

Are there many Hands employed in Scotland in repairing Clocks and Watches?

Yes, a great many.

Called in, and examined.

Has been in the Business about Thirty-three Years.

Has any, and what Alteration taken place, in your Business since the Act?

In Clocks, since the Act, by taking the same Time in preceding Years, there is a Difference in my Trade of nearly Two Thirds Decrease — In Watches a Decrease of about Half. The Clocks and Watches I make are of the best Quality — none of the common Sort.

Have you been under the Necessity of discharging some of your Workmen in consequence of the Act?

I do not employ so many as I did.

Will the Decline of the Watch Trade diminish the Supply of Mechanics capable of constructing the Machinery used in Astronomical and other Observations?

Doubtless it is likely to do lb.

Are you of Opinion, That, in consequence of the Tax, any considerable Emigration will take place, and any valuable Secrets be thereby communicated, to Foreign Countries, to the Prejudice of the Manufacturers in this?

Yes, it certainly mull.

Do you consider the English Watches to be fhperior to those of any other Country?

Certainly they are. — Sometimes a Watch fold for 150 Guineas is intrinsically, with respect to the Materials, not worth 20r. — -The Materials areincreased ip value, in many Instances, by Labour, a Thousand Times. We thought, before the passing of the Act, that the higher Watches and Time Pieces which I make would not be affected by the Tax; but we find it otherwise.

Withdrew.

Mr. Whitfield Grtcnwell, Watch Finilher;

Called in, and examined.

Do you know any Thing of the present State of the Trade?

With respect to the Trade, it is in extreme Distress — the Parish Work-houses are daily filling with the Poor of the Trade.

Has it affected your particular Branch?

My Branch is in the Repeating Line, and the very best Kind of Work.

Have you done much Business before the Tax-took place?

Yes.

Has any Alteration taken place since?

Yes; so much so that I have not had One \Vatch to finish.

Do

38 Geo. Ill *

Do you know any particular Circumstances respeCfc-ing the Workmen employed in the Trade?

I am one of the Committee of Workmen; and know that they did resolve, that in case the Act was not repealed to petition for Leave to depart from this Kingdom, with their Families.

How many Persons were Parties to that Resolution?

The Committee at that Time might perhaps represent 5,000 Persons, and it was then the general Intention of the Workmen in the Trade to make that Application.

- Withdrew.

Mr. Abraham Rhodes, Vestry Clerk of Saint "'James;

Called in, and examined.

335

Mr. Charles Smith, Watch Manufacturer in the

Home and Foreign Trade, Bunhill Row,;

Called in, and examined.

Are the Home and Foreign Trades connected, with respect to the Instruction and Employment of the Workmen?

They are — the Foreign Trade is chiefly confined to certain Parts of the Year; and, if it was not for the Home Trade we should experience great Difficulty how to employ the Men at Times when we are not getting up those Foreign Orders.

What Effect has the Act had upon the Trade generally?

With respect to my, own Trade, within Six Months there has been a Deficiency of 1,071 Watches; and I believe the Decrease in the Trade generally has in many Cafes been much higher.

2 70 Februarii.

Do you knovy whether, in consequence of the Clock and Watch Manufacturers being out of Employ in the Parish of Clerkenwell, any and what Number of them have applied to the Parish for Relief?

Yes — We began to take an Account of them in November last, and Seventy-nine have applied to the Workhouse for Relief for themselves and Families. The Committee for relieving the Poor meet only Once a Fortnight to relieve the Poor. The Number of Applications since November has gradually increased. The Number of our Poor last Year in the House was 345, and out of it 140 were relieved Weekly. Besides the Seventy-nine Watch Makers who made Applications to the Workhouse for Relief, other Clock and Watch Makers have, since the Act, been relieved by the Churchwarden and Overseer; upwards of Forty by the Churchwarden, and as many by the Overseer, making together upwards of 150, all Watch and Clock Makers; none of whom had ever applied to the Parish before; :and that Number exceeds One Fourth of the whole -Number of the Poor.

Withdrew.

Mr. William Robertson, Churchwarden of Saint James Clerkenwell, and Watch Movement Maker; and

[Delivers in the following Statement; which was read:]

" Sold by Charles Smith, 118 Bunhill Row.

1796. 1797.

From January ift to?

June 30th 3 July 1 ft to Decem31st

2,081

2,r59

- 1,938

- 1,088

Total

4,240 - - 3,026."

What do you think would restore the Trade to its former State?

I think nothing would but the Repeal of the Tax.

Withdrew.

Mr. William Holmes, Watch Manufacturer in the Strand,

Being called in, concurs in the above Evidence respecting the Operation of the Act.

Withdrew.

Mr. William Cooper, Watch Manufacturer of Derby;

Mr. James Storer, Overseer of the Poor of Saint James

Clerkenwell, and Watch and Clock Manufacturer;

Being called in, concur in the above Evidence; and add, That the Number of Applications would have been much greater, but for a Society established in Clerkenwell for the Relief of the Clock and Watch Makers particularly; and from their having pawned their Goods for their present Relief.

Withdrew.

Mr John Gregson, Watch Maker, of London,

- Called in, and examined.

Are the Artizans of this Country in the Watch Trade, capable of performing the Workmanship in a superior Manner than Foreigners?

Y«s- — and particularly in the Jewelling of Watches, which cannot be done elsewhere. During the Thirty Years 1 refilled at Paris as a Watch Maker, I had always Keeourse to London for those Works, the Workmen in other Countries not being able to make them. I have resided in England Four Years, and my Business within the last Six Months has decreased more than One Half. My Work is chiefly of the most valuable Sort.

Do the Manufacturers of this Country derive any Advantage from Foreigners not knowing this Art?

Yes, certainly — by the Sale of those Articles to Foreigners, which cannot be had Abroad.

Withdrew.

Vox.. 53-

Called in, and examined.

What was the State of the Trade at Derby, previous to the Tax?

Very flourishing — we had more Orders than we could execute — since the Tax the Trade has diminiftied One Half.

Are the Wofkmen employed at Times in preparing and executing the Machinery used in the Cotton ana Silk Mills?

I know many are — some wholly, others occasionally.

Would the Decline of the Watch Trade diminish the Supply of Workmen capable of constructing Machines used for those Manufactures?

Undoubtedly, I think so; the Watch Trade being the School for those Workmen, and particularly at

Derby.

What do you think would revive the Trade?

1 think nothing but the total Repeal of the Tax.

Withdrew.

Many other Witnesses attending, and it appearing to the Committee to be in Corroboration only of the same Facts already adduced, the Committee did not think it necessary to go into further Evidence.

Luna,

The Lords have agreed to

Lord St. Vincent \ Annuity Bill.

Lord Duncan's Annuity Bill.

Land Tax Commissioners Names Bill, deferred.

Committee on Exchequer Bills Kill.

336

Luna, 26° die F 1798.

Mr., Thomas Handley, called in, and examined.

What is the Annual Rental of the Parish of Clerk-

enwell?'

The Annual Rental, as affeftfed to the Poors Rates, is ,£.54,780, or thereabouts, at the supposed Rack Rents. The different Parochial Taxes to which the Parish is rated, amount to about One Third of the Rental: And it appears, from the Returns of the Parish Collectors, that there arc great Deficiencies in their Collection of the Taxes; and thef'e Deficiencies, it is generally believed, will be much greater, unlel's the Act, imposing Duties on Clock and Watches, be repealed. About 7,000 of the Inhabitants of being dependant upon the Clock and Watch Manu-,fkftory for their Support, and who are about One Third Part of the Inhabitants. Previous to the building of One Ditlrict of the Parish, namely,

those immediately connected with the Trade, were considered as composing One Half of the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be fufucient for the Use of the Members of the House.

' A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John Earl Saint Vincent, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Saint Vincent shall defeend, in Consideration ,of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His Majesty and the Public; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public; without any Amendment.

And then the Aleflengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (if ingrafted) for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-seven," and for appointing other Commissioner s, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to Elis Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britian for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven;

And the House being informed that the said Bill was not yet ingrafted;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon TJiurfday Morning next, it the said Bill shall be

then ingrafted.

r

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing

A. 1798.

a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight,.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate uled in Watch Cafes, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing a Draw-back on Exportation, of the Duties paid on Watch Cafes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon, the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Watch Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning. __ , .

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House,. according to Order, a Bill to prevent Persons, residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to the Government of The United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, during the War, without Licence for that Purpose: And the same Was received.

Ordered, That Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the Doufe accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Alorning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

270 Februarii.

Bill to repeal the Duties on Gold, &cc. used in Watch Cites, palfed.

Committee on Bill further to continue Scotch Distil-

leryaddition4 Duty Act.

Bill relatives Money owing to The United Provinces, presented.

v

CombeB ridge and Bradford Roads Petition reported;

38 Geo. III. . a 8° Februatii.

337

Mercurii, 28° die Februarii; -Anno 38 Georgii III " Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Corn mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Mortgagees of the Tolls granted by the Two Acts. of Parliament thereinafter mentioned, and of the Persons, whose Narines are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Town of Bradfordin the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Combe Bridge, through ana

Bradford', to Staverton Bridge, and to the Trowbridge

Road, on Ashton Common, and also the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockkill Gate, all in the County of Wilts, and for making effectual Provision for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the same County; and also an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, and keeping in Repair a Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading fro ® the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Batkford Bridge, in the County of were

severally read: And,

Mr. Daniel Clutter buck being examined, said. That the respective Trustees, under the Powers given by the above-mentioned Act$» have caused the said Roads to be made, widened, and repaired, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the respective Tolls granted by the said Acts, which now remain due and unpaid; which Monies cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts are further continued: And the Witness added, That the said several Roads might be much better maintained and kept in Repair if they were put under one Trust, and the several Powers and Provisions requisite for that Purpose included in one Act.

And being further examined, he said. That the Road beginning at the Turnpike Gate in Saint Margaret's Street, in the Town of Bradford, and ending at or near a House late in the Occupation of the Reverend Edward Spencer, on Wingfield Common, and the Road from the Top of the said Lane called Mason's Lane, to or near a certain Spot on Bradford Leigh, whereon Three Oaks formerly grew; and also the Road from the new Road at or near a Place called Pottocks, through Woolly, to the old Road, at a Place called ForewcocTs Common, and the Lane called Budbury Lane, leading from the said old Road on the Top of Palmer's to the new Road, at or near a Place called Say's Green, are very much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And the Witness added. That it would be for the Benefit and Convenience of the Neighbourhood, and of all Persons having Occasion to pals along the fame, if Provision was made for including the said Roads in the proposed Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Vox.. 53.

more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Combe Bridge, through and *

ford, to Staverton, and the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockkill Gate, and the Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, all in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset, and also several other Roads leading from or near the said Roads, in the said County of Wilts, and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the same County: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelm-fione to Cuekfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and, widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of Hurflper-point, to the Marie Pit opposite to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the fad County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Monday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the May Pole, in the Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town of and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne, and from thence for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twine ham, and from the Marie Pit, near the Bottom of Saddlefcombe Hill, in the Parish of Newtimber, to the Marie Pit, fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the said County of Sussex, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

- Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making a new Baibn, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, was read: And

Mr. John Gray being examined, said, That the Commissioners have, at a considerable Expence, opened a new Street to the Harbour, repaired the Quays, and erected a Drawbridge across the Harbour between South and North Leith, instead of an old Bridge now taken away; and have also deepened the Harbour, and widened a great Part of the Quays.

And being further examined, he laid, That in, order

4R to

Crouch Hill and Ditchling Roads Bill, presented.

Report on

Henfield and Briglithelro-fton Roads Petition, recommitted.

Leith Harbour, &c. Petition, reported.

V

338 28° Februarii. .1798.

to complete a commodious Bason or Wet Dock, it

will be necessary to authorize the Commissioners to borrow a further Sum of Money, and to enable them to do so, it will be necessary to authorize them to levy certain Rates and Duties on all Ships or Vessels brought into the Harbour of , even although they shall not be brought into the said intended Bason or Wet Dock (excepting always His Majesty's Ships1 of War or Yachts); but that the same cannot be effectuated without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to 1/ amend an Act, nude in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith: And that Mn William Dundas, Mr. Secretary Dunda and do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Stanton in- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-commttted!' mon Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stain the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles 'Banbury, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to permit Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to ti(m r Corri Order, a Rill to revive and continue, for a Time to be toGuemfey, limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Sec.presented. f0r authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for taking Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to °tftheBoHnty Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an 4k.presented! -Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, for disallowing the Bounty on. Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Portugal Salt - Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do make the Report B irrepri'rted. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Salt from Portugal in Neutral Ships, was committed.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be . reported to the House; and he read the Report in his: Pi ace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

ETck rn<r Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bi"s Bin, re- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ported. raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill relative i Reading of the Bill to prevent Persons, residing or j

being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects provinces, |

for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to committed, the Government of The United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, during the War, without Licence for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning (

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole J

House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Suppl}r' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the Report which was ReportMilita made from the Committee, who were appointed to pre- te * pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1798, as they, shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said:

Committee. I

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- I

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they *

had come to a llcsolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive tha fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow I

Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was 1

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j ns3"11 to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed

339

1

It

Bill for reducing Holidays in Public Offices, deterred.

Bill further to continue Scotch Distillery additional Duty A&, deferred.

Committee on Bill to amend Act for preventing Exigence at Elections.

reported.

38 Geo. III. Februarii

retted himi to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public Offices, and for enforcing the personal Attendance of Persons holding Offices in the Public Service;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing, fora Time to be limited, an Att, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of therein particularly describfed, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Disttlleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Att, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing " Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to " serve in Parliament."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Tuesday, the 27th Day of March next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be tufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 53.

— 1° M.

Jovts, i° die Martii;

Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according Wern:nck to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Gottlob fcaVed!' 'pr ! Werninck: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the HenfieM and Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, B.igi.tlicim-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for carrying into Execution an Att, made in the Seventeenth Year of the ported. ' Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the May Pole, in the Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town of Bright-

helmfton, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne, and from thence for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twine ham, and from the Marie Pit, near the Bottom of Saddlefcombe Hill, in the Parish of to the Marie Pit, fronting Nezvtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the said County of Sufj'ex, was referred;

That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except as to the Ex-teission of the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards unto

Herrings Clappers, being the Distance of One Mile and Eight Rods, but it appeared that the Petitioners had not determined to apply to Parliament for such Extension until this present Month, and that Inconveniences would arile, and the Trustees sustain great Loss, if Power were not given in the present Session to make such Extenfiori of the Road, and that it is not proposed to demand or take any additional Rate or Toll; and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Att was read: And,

Mr. John Gates being.examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Att, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the Road effectually repaired and widened, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and forire further and other Powers granted; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Inhabitants, if the said Road was extended from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, unto Herrings Clappers, and such Extension put under the Care and Management.of the Trustees aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the CirCumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Sujfi-x, and in Three Newspapers to be printed or circulated in the said County, in the present Month of March, and in the Month of April following, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Extension of the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham unto Herrings Clappers.

A Bill to vary the Line of the Kennet and Avon Canal, Rennet ad authorized to be made by Two Atts, passed in the Bill" commit-

Thirty- ted.'

v

34° i° Martii. . 1798.

Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of ' His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend, the said Aifts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Langton, Mr. Dickiefon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Stirling rfd A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Roads ddt thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and tional Peti- others, Landholders in the Counties of Stirling, tion- barton, and Perth, was presented to the House, and

read; Taking Notice of the Application for a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads, therein particularly mentioned, in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton; and Setting forth. That the Road branching out of on» of the said Roads, at or near House, and passing over Powbank Bridge dnd Bridge, to the Glasgow Turnpike Road, forms a very convenient Communication between different Parts of the Country, and is now in tolerable Repair, but, in order that the same should be well maintained and improved, it is expedient that it should be made Turnpike, and it would be for the Advantage of all Persons having Occasion to pass along the said Road$, that the same should be included in the said Bill, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees thereof: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for improving and maintaining the said Branch of Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton, and also another Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

York and Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Rwds Peu- Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution, reported. tion an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the dLaft End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid, and aim another Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turripike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him t.o report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. David Lambertbtusg examined, said. That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the

.3

said Roads, and several Slims of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased.

And the Witness added. That it is expedient that the said Acts should be reduced into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid: And that Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Meffingham

Order, a Bill for.dividing, inclosing, allotting, and im- presented.8 11, proving the several Open and Common Fields, Ings,

Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Meffingham, and that Part of the Hamlet

of East Butterwick, in the Parish of Mejftngham, in the.

County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, Sowerby in.' to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Town Field, called Sozv Field, a certain Stinted Pasture, called The Ox Moor, and a Common or Moor called South Moor, and other Waste Grounds within the Township of Sowerby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £.y. is. io d.per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure, is assessed at £.88. 14.J. 8 d.per Annum, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wefe Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the xQuestion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, to Dumfries whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Freeholders, Heritors, and Inhabitants, within the County of Dumfries, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; ' viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

8 Geo. III. i# Marin. 341

Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of and for converting

the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways of the same County, was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Goldie being examined, said. That great 1 Progress has been made in making, repairing, and widening the said Roads and Highways, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose, and are (till owing; and that the said Roads cannot be completely repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued, altered, and enlarged.

And the Witness added. That the Two Roads branching from the Road from Annan to -

foot, one Branch thereof to leave the said Turnpike Road at or near Baringliefh- by Tomfhielburn, to the Coal Pits near Gilnockie-bridg; and the other Branch of Road to leave the said Turnpike Road at or near the Farm Houses of Eurnfoot of to pass through

the Lands of EurnfootNeuk, Brozvn-

muir, Luce, across the River Atman, between Eridekirk and Dalebank, and through the Estates of Eridekirk,

' Limekilns, Ereckonwhat and till it joins the

Turnpike Road from Dumfries to Annan, East of the Limestone Quarry of Kelhead-, also another Branch of Road, leading off the Turnpike Road from Dumfries to Sanquhar, at or near Dabton, by Durrifdeer and Wdipath, to the Confines of the County of Lanark, and another-Branch of Road leading from the Toll Bar at foot, on the Turnpike Road last mentioned, up the Water of Memock to the Confines of the said County of Lanark near IVanlockhead, cannot be sufficiently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County: And that Sir Robert Laurie, Mr. Alexander Hope, and Mr. Heron, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

XocMale and Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Petition, ' e Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, ported. Merchants, Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Rochdale and Burnley, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Ferrand being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which (till remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, and the Road effectually repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be continued and enlarged: And that the Powers and Authorities requisite for repairing and improving the said Road might be executed with more Advantage to the Road, and greater Conve-Voi. 53.

nience to the Trustees, if the said Acts were consolidated and reduced into one Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Elackburne, of Lancajliire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Free- Potion holders, Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Heretors, of the County of Banff, specially «np the low convened by public Advertisement at Banff, the 15th PnceofConi» of February 1798, to take into their Confederation the present low Prices of Grain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, while Agriculture is acknowledged an Object of the first National Importance, the Means of improving and extending it must be considered highly deserving the Attention and Support of the Legislature; and that the Petitioners cannot contemplate with Indifference the Distresses which the Farmer suffers from, the present low Prices, and great Stagnation in the Sale, of Grain, and are of Opinion the Evil of which they complain originates principally from the Opening of the Ports for the Introduction and Sale of Foreign Grain: By the Corn Laws, the Importation of Grain has been prohibited in certain Circumstances, and Exportation encouraged by a Bounty, and, from a Review of those Laws, and the State of Agriculture for a Century past, they cannot help expressing their Fears that, unless the Importation of Grain from Foreign Countries be immediately prohibited, the Industry of the People will be turned from the railing of Corn to Objects of less Importance to the Prosperity of the Kingdom; and that the present low Prices of Grain may be attributed to another Cause operating with the former, namely, the late heavy additional Duties laid on the small Scots Stills, and the avowed Intentions of His Majesty's Ministers farther to depress them; and that, while the Petitioners highly applaud the Policy which enjoins the Suspension of Distilling in Times of Scarcity, they contend that the Discouragement or Suppression of the Distilleries inordinary Seasons of Plenty is highly prejudicial to the Interests of Agriculture — the Farmer is deprived of a certain Market for his Grain — the Price which, he receives bears no Proportion to the Rent he pays, and is totally inadequate to support the Expence of Labour, and the Maintenance of his Family; and that the Petitioners are well warranted in afierting, that, since the Discouragement of the legal Stills, the Smuggler has re-commenced his illicit and pernicious Traffic of both Foreign and Home-made Spirits; tempted by the low Prices of Grain, and, having little Property to lose, these Adventurers are daily becoming Vo numerous, and so expect, that it is almost impossible to frame -Laws which could reach and punjlh them — and that, though the Distilleries are charged with corrupting the Morals of the People, the Petitioners assert that the lower Ranks of Society, in all the Northern Counties of Scotland, are as loyal, sober, and pure in their Morals, as any of the same Denomination in Europe, and the Interests of Virtue are much more in Danger from the Trade of Foreign Smuggling, and the Prevalence of unlicensed Distilleries at Home: For these and other Reasons which might be specified, the Petitioners respectfully beseech the House to restore them to the Benefit of the Act of 1784, or to adopt such Measures as to them may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Com- Ship owners mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, re *

4 S whose

34 i° Martii. . 1798.

whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of from Rochdale Lane ,in the Village of in

themselves and l'cvcral other Merchants and Owners the Pari lb of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in and Mailers of Ships, was referred; That the Com- the Parish of in the County Palatine of

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, caster; And that Mr. of and Mr.

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared , do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Mr. , according to Order, reported from the Report Sup-

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Committee of the whole House, to whom it w'as re- P1/ viz. ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had di-Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his rested him to report to the House; which he read in his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's TaAct to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be an- ble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

" fwerable for the Acts of the Mailer or Mariners,"

and also an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Provision far the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of MUlt" *

" to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh the Militia for the Year 1798.

" Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act The said Resolution Being read a Second Time, was,

" to settle how far Owners of Ships-shall be answerable upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the " for the Acts of the Mailers and Mariners, and for House.

giving further Relief to Owners of Ships," were read:

And, ‘Mr. , according to Order, reported from the

lYilliarn Masfhiter, Esquire, being examined, said, That Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- an it is of the utmost Consequence and Importance to the ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for railing general Welfare of this Kingdom to promote an Increase the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolut ions in the Number of Shipi and Vessels, and to prevent which the Committee had directed him to report to any Discouragement to Merchants, and others from the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards being interested and concerned therein, and to proper delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Persons from becoming Mailers thereof, which is likely read; and are as followeth;

to happen, notwithstanding the salutary Provisions of , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expiring

the above-mentioned Acts, from the great Extent of the That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Laws Responsibility to which they are Hill by Lawexposed. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-Anthony Calvert, Esquire, confirmed the above Evi- tituled, " An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain dence. " Species of and Linens exported, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for " taking oft' the Duties on the Importation of Foreign the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships: " Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was;

And that Mr. Alderman Lushington and Mr. Jeffeiy do by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth prepare, and bring in, the fame. Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended

and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and Rochdale and Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, reported from the from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Prdhrich Committee, to whom' the Petition of the Gentlemen, Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, . tion.repo'ited. "Clergy, Merchants, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants made in the Twenty-llventh, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-of the Parishes of Bury, Middleton, and Preflwich, in the first, Thirty-third, Thirty-fifth, and Thirty-sixth Years ' County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are there- of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued unto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had until the 24th Day of June 1797, and from thence to examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied expiring, and fit to be continued.

with; and that the Committee had examined the Mat- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, E». ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re- That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards " the further Support and Encouragement of the Fishe-delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same " ries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's was read; and is as followeth; viz." which was to be in Force for Five Years,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an from the 25th Day of 1786, and also, so much

Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of of an Act, made in the Tw'enty-ninth Year of the Reign His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Hey- " encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenwood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place (Tailed The " and Southern Whale Fisheries," as relates to the LaiuCs End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Palatine of Lancaster, was read:' And, which, by an Act, made in the Thirty-second

Mr. Thomas Ferrand being examined, said. That Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were Turnpike Gates have been erected, and Tolls taken, amended, and continued until the 25th Day of Decem-according to the full Rates by the said Act authorized, 1798, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, the Produce whereof, together with a considerable Sum Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d«. of Money borrowed, and remaining due, on the Credit That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the of the said Tolls, has been wholly from Time to Time Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for applied to the Purposes of the said Act; but that the " the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery," which same have been found insufficient for amending and re- was to continue in Force until the ill Day of June pairing the said Road. And the Witness further add- 1797 and from thence to the End of the then next ed. That unless an Increase of Tolls is obtained, and fur- Session of Parliament, and which was explained and ther and other Powers are granted, the Intent and Pur- amended by an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of port of the said Act cannot be answered. the Reign of His present Majesty, is near expiring, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to fit to be continued, continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, palfed in flje Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

"the

38 Geo. III.

" the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton m Great Britain" which was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the ift Day of January 1784, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which said Act was, by several Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth, Tw'enty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-third, and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 24th Day of June 1797, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Second, Third, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth, of the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be, revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported and agreed to by the House.

Afis relating The House was moved. That an Act, made irt the tnieCM-tobe1- Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for agam confi- " granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Differed- " tilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of

" land, herein particularly described, for a limited Time;

" and for regulating the Duties on Distilierics in the " respective Districts in Scotland" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act "to revive and continue, until the First Day of March " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an " Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the " Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two,

" on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilieries, in the several " Parts of the Highlands of therein particularly

" described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the " Duties on Distilieries in' the respective Districts in " Scotland" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of the said Acts. *

BHl further to Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

continue Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for kiyCact<U-ft l further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, tional Duty made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilieries in the fe-initted. veral Parts of the Highlands of , therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilieries in the respective Districts in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House. *

Vol. 53.

343

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third kind Reading of the Bill (if ingrafted) for rectifying Mistakes c Names" in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appoint- Bill> Pdffc<1 ed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty " by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the "Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred "and Ninety-seven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill (being ingrafted) was read the Third Time.,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyseven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for raising a further paired.' ' Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Portugal Salt Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to permit, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Salt from

tugal in Neutral Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to permit, during the Continuance of the present War, -the Importation of Salt from Portugal in Neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

i° Martn.

D . ized by v

Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Castoms, deferred.

Bill to permit the Exportation of Corn to Gueml'ey, &c. committed.

Bill for taking off the Bounty on Sail Cloth, &c. committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Mutiny BilL

Fournier's Nat. Bill.

Leeds, Harrogate, and Boroughbridge, Roads Bill.

Members added to Committee on General Turnpike Acts.

344

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and , was,

according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for disallowing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. JVilmot and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Fournier-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts, the one made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresbrough and to

Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercoufe, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York-, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresbrough) to; without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Lord Macdonald, Mr. Bernard, Mr. Langfion, Mr. Blackburne, of Lancajkire, Sir George

Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, and Mr. Hobart, be added to the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parlia-

1798,

" ment, the General Laws, now in being, for regulating " the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes;" and also an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,- to explain and amend the said Act; so fat as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clocks

V1'merit-, 2 0 die Martii;

Anno 38 Georgii III. 11 Regi % 1798.,

Prayers.

0RDERED, That Mr. t)auglas do cany to the Lords Mr. Dowd the ingrafted Bill to permit, during the Continuance of the present War, the Importation of Salt portion Bill from Portugal in Neutral Ships, and desire the Concur- to * Lordl rence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Reichard and the Bill for naturalizing Jacob Reichard and Peter Ray- Bi reparted. mond Poland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Sowwty Lithe Open Town Field, called Sower by Field, a certain p8iU Stinted Pasture, called The Ox Moor, and a Common' or Moor called South Moor, and other Waste Grounds within the Township of Sowerby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 12. To Leave out " Lands" and insert

" Grounds," instead thereof.

1. 23. To leave out " Lands" and insert " Grounds," instead thereof.

Pr. 3. 1. 38. To leave out " Lands" and insert

" Grounds," instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1. 21. To leave out "Lands" and insert r

" Grounds," instead thereof.

Pr. 32. 1. 24. To leave out Lands" and insert " Grounds," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Town Field, called Sower by Field, a certain Stinted Pasture, called The Ox Moor, and a Common or Moor called South Moor, and other Waste Grounds within the Township of Sowerby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing, N«mk upon of the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and BUtTcommit-Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the ted. County of Nottingham, and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town, and for regulating the said Market, and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, " An Acte for the Pavinge

"of

1® — -2° Mattii.

G o< e

38 Geo. III. 2° Martii.

345

Sr. Leonard's, Shoreditch, Poor Petition,

Kpocted.

Knoyle Iji-dofure Bill, presented.

Combe Bridge and Bradford Roads Bill, (rcfented.

" of Newarke upon Trent, in the Countie of Nottingham," A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

was read a Second Time, Mesne Inclosures, and Waste Lands, within the Town-

Resolved, That the Bill be pommitted to Mr. Doug- ship of Ulley, in the several Parishes of and Aston,

las, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Second Time.

Chamber. Refol That the Bill be committed to Mr: Henry

Lascelles, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, Chamber, and Parishioners, of the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are Sir Robert presented to the House according

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several p ntwL rest of the Housekeepers of the said Parish, was re- Roads in the County of Dumfries, and for converting ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, of the said Petition, and had directed him to report and applying the same towards repairing the Highways the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and within the said County: And the same was received; he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli- and read the First Time.

vered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was Refol, That the Bill be read a Second Time; read; and is as followeth; viz. %

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two A Petition of John Oxley Parker, Elquife, was pre jtetMonof Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of fented to the House, and read Taking Notice of the south-His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employ- Bill for making a new Road or Street from warkRarf *

ment of the Poor within the said Parish, and for build- Street, Southwark, to Lillipul-Hall Bridge in Bermondsey, Ba ing a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land and for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for a Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish, were paired in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty read: And, King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-

Mr. William Sharpe being examined, said, That no first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Power being given by the said Acts, to recover from Road from New Street, in , to and through

the Landlords, or Owners of Houses, or other Buildings the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing let at a less Rent than Ten Pounds per Annum, the Pa the same and other Roads adjoining; and Setting forth, rochial Tax to the Poor for the fame, considerable Sums That the making of so much of the said proposed new of Money have been from Time to Time loft by the Road or Street as will extend from the Place called Parish, the Tenants or Occupiers being frequently very Hickman's Court, otherwise Raft Court, to Lilliput-Hall poor, so that no sufficient Distress can be made. Bridge aforesaid, will be very injurious to a considerable

And the Witness added, That the said Acts have Estate of the' Petitioner, situated in Bermondsey afore-also in other Respects been found defective, and require said; and that the said Bill also contains other Powers other Alterations and Amendments. and Provisions, which would be very detrimental to the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Property and Interests of the Petitioner: And therefore explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth praying. That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel,

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and 4t An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands,

" Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Work- the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

" house, and for purqfiafing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " Ground for the Use of the said Parish," and also an Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His is committed; and that the Petioner be heard, by him-present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act of self, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma Petition, if he thinks fit.

jesty, and for granting further Powers for carrying the Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-fame into Effect: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame. same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said

Petition.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, Ord, That all have Voices who come to the Com-according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and mittee to whom the said Bill is committed, inclosing, certain Open and'Common Fields, lying

within the several Tythings of Upton and Milton, within A Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering Edinburgh the Parish of East Knoyle, otherwise BiJ/iops Knoyle, in the more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the First Time. the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Ma«

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. jesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over Mr, Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, the Rivers South and North Efk, and the Water of Leitht according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repair- in the said County, was read a Second Time, ing, widening, and improving, the Road from Combe RefThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Garth- Bridge, through Winfley and Bradford, to Staverton, and Jliore, Mr. Ferguson, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockhill Gate, and ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-the Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the ber.

Town of Bradford, all in the County of Wilts, to join

the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to J-xp' ne Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the panted.' Somerset, and also several other Roads leading from or granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish near the said Roads, in the said County of Wilts, and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Im-for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stoke- portation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; ford, in the same County: And the same was received; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe and read the First Time. , Clay, from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. or Plantations in the West Indies; to the allowing the

Vcl. 53. 4T Importation

Accounts of Offices in the Customs pro-poled to be abolished or regulated, ordered.

Committee on Atts relating to Scotch Distillery.

Quarantine, Ac. Bill, deferred.

34<5

Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's; to

the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery; to the more efil-dtual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the atcertaining the ' Strength of Spirits by Clarke's, Hydrometer} and to the better securing the Duties on Glass: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Accounts of Offices in the Customs proposed to be abolish-pd> consolidated, or regulated, by the Bill now depending in this House, with the Annual Amount of Salaries and Fees received by the several Patentees (as the same were ascertained by the Report of tlje Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Emoluments of the Officers of the Customs under the Authority of an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty) shewing which of the said Offices have fallen in since the Year 1783, with the Time when the same became vacant, and the Value of each.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the tdoufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several

Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, herein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the ' Duties 6n Distilleries in the respective Districts in " Scotland-," and also of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive " and continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an Act, pa.fled in the Session of Parliament holden in the i( Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two, videlicet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several 4‘ Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

JMr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend lo much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be loft or destroyed before the Landing thereof; and to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

S

A. 1798.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to prevent Persons, reading or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to the Government of The United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, during the War, without Licence for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Irefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the i'aid Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue, fora Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re. port, when the House will pleal'c to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, lor a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for disallowing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Dailey, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. A Lift of the several Offices which, being use-less, arc proposed to be abolished as they become vacant, with the Amount of the Annual Income of each, after the Deduction of Taxes, in the Year 1788: And also,

N° 2. A Lift of the several Offices which, on Vacancies, are to be abolished as Patent Offices, but the Duties of which, being necessary, are proposed to be executed, either by the Deputies to the Persons who held the Patents, or by other Officers of the Revenue, together with the Amount of the Annual Income of

each

20 Martii

Bill relativeto Money owing to The United Provinces, -deferred *

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Committee on Bill to permit the Exportation of Corn to Guernsey &c.

Committee on

Bill lor taking oif the Bounty on Sail Cloth &c.

Accounts of Offices in the Customs proposed to be abolished or regulated, presented.

v

347

38 Geo. m, z° Martiu

each in the Year 1788, after Deduction of Taxes: And also, '

N° 3. A Lift of the several Offices which are proposed to be either abolished, consolidated, or regulated, with the Amount of the Annual Income of each, after Deduction of Taxes, in the Year 1788: And also,

N° 4. An Account of such of the Offices, enumerated in the Lifts N°‘ 1, 2, and 3, which have fallen in since the Year 1783, with the respective Times when such Offices became vacant, together with the Annual Income of each in the Year 1788, after Deduction of Taxes.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make Motion, it being Half an Hour after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Lifts and Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

The said Lifts and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Dr. , from the Trustees of The British Museum, attended at the Door; he was.called inj and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, Accounts of the Trustees of The British Museum for the Years 1796 and 1797:' *

And also,

Estimate of the Accounts 6f The British Museum for the Year 1798.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Paper and Estimate were read.

The laid Paper and Estimate are as followeth , viz *

1

Vox,: 53.

ACCOUNTS

Accounts of British Museum, presented.

D'.

ACCOUNTS of the Trustees of The Brit Museum, for the Years 1796 and 1797.

C\

00

pi

cn

H

H

W

The GENERAL FUND of 1796:

Candles Stationary Bookbinding -Coals

Garden Expences

Repairs

Board Wages

Incidents

Rent and Taxes

Salaries and Wages

Calli in Hands of Abraham Newland - - £. 151 16 9

- - - due to Dr. Charles Morton - - - 6101

The GENERAL FUND of 1797:

Stationary -

Bookbinding ——

Coals ——

Garden Expences ——

Repairs -

Board Wages ——

Incidents - - - - > -

Salaries and Wages ....

Rent and Taxes ——

Mr. Planta, for a Catalogue of the Cottonian Manuscripts -

Calli in Hands of Abraham Newland - - £. 18 12 5

Ditto - - - of Dr. Morton - - - - 1701910

£ s.

19 13 '4

7 —

16 —

5 6

9 —

- 153 2 —

17 8

286 1 —

2

jC- a,443 7 8

J45 6 8

£.2,588 14 4

4 5

3 7

- 117 70 1

14 3

- 150 7 6

- 179 13 1

- 953 3 7

- 3 9 7 8

- 500 "

£'2>77° 15 1

189 12 ' 3

£. 2,960 7 4

By Calli of 1795,

In Hands of Abraham Newland ----- - of Dr. Morton - -

Bank Annuities....

The King's Librarian's Salary

In full of the Parliament's Grant of 1793

Part of this Year's Grant of £. 3,000

By Calli of 1796,

In Hands of Abraham Newland due to Dr. Morton -

Bank Annuities -

The King's Librarian's Salary

Part of the Parliament's Grant of 1796

£ ' d.

128 6 3 74 2 1

900 ——

249 2 —

807 10 — .429 14 —

o

£.2,588 14 4

£ 51 16 9 6 10 1

£ 145 6 8

900 ——

186 16 6

1,728 4 2

£- 2>96o 7 4

Martii. . 1798

o

tr»

Cm

Ef.

ESTIMATE of the ACCOU NT S of The British Museum for 1798.

C'.

Expenditure of 1796 of 1797

Half of £.5,214. 9

Repairs of 1797 unpaid -

Bichard Miles, Accountant, 10th February 798.

V £ 2>443 7 8

2,770 15 1

£.5,214 2 9

£.2,607 1 4I

447 --- *

By Calli remaining of 1797 -Exchequer Bills - - *

The King's Librarian's Salary Interest on £. 30,000 Bank Annuities

Deficiency -

£.189 12 3

800 ——

249 2 —

900 ——

£.2,138 14 3 9 5 7 1 *

£.3,054 1 4f

£.3,054 1 4}

D

cq'

i — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

'o

o

c

UO

VO

38 Geo. III. 2

Bill for Payment of Executes in Cafes of Prosecutions for Misdem ui-ors, ordered.

Werninck

sworn.

Rochdale and

Prefrwich Road Bill, preieuted.

Member added to brng in Ha warden Inclosure Bill.

#Rochdale and Burnley Road Bill, pte-Tented.

Stapleton Inclosure Bill, r< ported.

350 2° — 5° Martii. A, 1798.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Estimate do lie is of the Annual Value of £.630. 8j. pr thereabouts; tipon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the and that no Person appeared before the Committee to House. oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-' Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce have Leave to- make unto, which they had directed him to report to the

a Motion. House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

And he moved the House accordingly. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once empower certain Courts to order the Expences attend- read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ing Prosecutions for Misdemeanors to be paid out of and, upon the Question.severally put thereupon, were the County Stock: And that Mr. JVilherforce, Mr. agreed to by the House.

Henry Lascelles, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Dickin- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

fan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ' ingrafted. *

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn- Lord Viscount Morpeth reported from the Com- Denton filing next, Ten of the Clock. mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the ‘0ul£d®U,<

Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Ma-

nors of Upper Denton and Nether Denton, within, and ‘ Parcel of, the Barony of Giljland, in the County of

Cumberland, was.committed; That the Committee had t 0 j. Mr.. examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

Uuna,5 ®i£ IVLartll£ jjoufe>. relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Anno 38 Georgii Ilr11 Regis, 1798. Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

p and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent

rRA\ ers. tQ tjle Satisfaction of the Committee (ex-

fOKN Gottlob Wernincktook the Oaths appointed, cept the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value J in order to his Naturalization. of £. 196. ioj. who refuted to sign the Bill; and also,

except the Proprietors of an Estate of the Annual Mr. Blachburite, of Lanrashire, presented to the HouCe, Value of £.44. who were neuter; and that the v.v.ok-according to Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Property, belonging to Persons interested in the lnciu-Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty- sure, is of the Annual Value of £.1,629. tu. 6 or ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the repairing and widening the lload from Rochdale Lane Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee End, in the Village of Heyivood in the Parish of Bury, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report Prefrwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the same was received; and read the First Time. afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One Ordered, That Mr. Patten be added to the Gentle- by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-mcn, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a upon, were agreed to by the House.

Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the fe- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ingrossed, being Owners of Estates within the Manor and Parish

of Hawarden, in the County of Flint. Mr. Dundas presented to the House, accord- Edinburgh

ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by >j'jn‘es Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, presented to the Iloufe, an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his preyed.'

according to Order, a Bill for more effectually amend- late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing ing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale Repair, the Road leading from the 'town of Rochdale, and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending Burnley, in the said County: And the same was re- the said Act: And the same was received; and read ceivecl; and read the First Time. the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Viscount Morpeth reported from the Committee, A Bill for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and improv- Meffingham

to whom the Biilfor dividing and inclosing the Moors, ing, the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Mea- tonlmitteif 11 Commons, and Waste Grounds, within that Part of dows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other 1 the Manor of jdjherton, in the Barony of Giljland, which Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township lies within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of of Mejfand that Part of the Hamlet of Cumberland, was committed; That the Committee had Butterwick, in the Parish of Mcjjingham, in the County examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Mr. Stanle And they are to meet this After-

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (ex- A Bill for enlarging the Termand Powers of an Act, Crouch Hill

cept the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His pre-

£. 63. is. 6 d.who refilled to sign the Bill; and also, sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from committed'.

except a Minor, entitled to an Estate of the Annual a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of to

Value of £.45, whose Agent or Trustee was written the Turnpike Road leading from to

to, but returned no Answer; and also, except the field, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road

Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £.3. 51. to the Town of , in the county of ; and

who could not be met with; and that the whole Pro- also for repairing and widening the Road from

perty, belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, Farm, in the Parish of to the Marie Pit

opposite

Willoughby Hedge and Wincanton Roads and Paving, &c. Petitions, reported, and te-committed *

38 Geo. III. 50 Marlii. 351

opposite to Newtimber Broad in the said County,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Lennox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteenth Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wiand through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Mil born Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn Turttpike Cross Gate, On Cattle Hill, and also from Wincanton to S in the County of Somerset, and also, for executing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteenth Alile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of and through

ton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborn Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in Ki/mington, and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill, and also from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset, and also, for executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers'of the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wincanton, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Paving Bills, had been complied with; but that the Notice did not extend to lighting the said Town of Wincanton, as is prayed for by the said last mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had also examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. George Meffiter being examined, said. That a Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing of which a considerable Debt hath been contrafted on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, turned, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted.

That the Road leading from Zeals Green to the Parish of Maiden Bradley, through or into the several Parishes and Places of Stourton, in the County of Wilts, and mington and Norton Ferris, in the County of Somerset, and also the Road leading from the present Road, opposite the Porter's Lodges at Zeals aforesaid, through the said Parishes or Mere and Stourton, to join the last mentioned Road at the North End of Lane, are much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and that it would be beneficial to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Acts.

VOL. 53. '

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were again read: And,

Mr. Mejster being further examined, said, That the Footways within the Town of , through

which the said Road pafies, are in bad Repair, and very incommodious, and the Streets very ill lighted, and that it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resorting to, or passing through the same, if Provision were made for amending and keeping in Repair the said Footways, and for lighting the Streets within the said Town.

And the Witness further said, That it is proposed to defray the Expences of the above Improvements, by a Toll on Carriages and Cattle to be taken on Sundays.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to tVhorn the said Petitions were referred.

Mr. Gore Langton reported froth the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the aftir\g Trustees, appointed in or by the several Acts therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined,' and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Read from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of Burjord,

and Witney, and Parishes of and B la don, to

Campsfield, in the Parish of Kid/lr.gtcn, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from through Ensham-

Cumner and Botley, to the City of Oxford, except so much thereof as relates to the Road from Witney, through Enfham-Cumner and Botley, to the City of Oxford, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Campsfield, to the Turnpike Road at or near Enfiow

Bridge, in the said County of Oxford, were read: And,

Mr. John Leake being examined, said, That tl.eTruf-

toes have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts: That the Term granted by the said Acts is near expiring, and that the Alonies so borrowed, and which now remain due and owing, cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term is further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 1b far as the same relate to the lloads from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Glouccfier, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of Norlhleach, Burjord, and Witney, and Parishes of Hjindborough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Campsfield, to the Turnpike Road at or near En-flovo Bridge, in the said County of Oxford: And that Air. Gore Langton and Mr. John Fane do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and

improving,'

1

Crickley Hill

and N): 1I1- t leach, See. Roads Petition, reported.

Chilton Division and Allotment Bill, reported.

Newcastle-under-lyme Canal Bill, p relented.

Ha warden Inclosure Bill, presented.

Stirling and Dumbarton Roads Peti- > tions, reported.

353 50 Martii A. 1798,

improving, the Opeh and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Hamlet of Chiltonin the Parish of linch, in the County of Somerfwas committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl Gower Sutherland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the NezccaJUe - under-ly me Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Grejley, Baronet, near the Town of Newcafhffunder-lyine, and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near Ape dale, to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Patten presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inciting all the Commons and Waste Lands in the Townships of Broughton, Pentrobin, and Banne, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Keith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for- executing an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and-D«w&?r/&«, and also another Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stirling to , and several

other Roads in the Counties of , and

Perth; and also, the Petition ,of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Landholders in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Sir Archibald Edmonstone being examined, said, That the Tolls, Duties, and Powers, given and granted by the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, are found to be very inadequate for keeping up the said Roads in the said Act mentioned, and for paying the Interest of the Money expended in the making thereof; and thaX the Tolls, Duties, and Powers given and granted by the said Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, in so far as the said Act relates 2

to the new Road made from the' Turnpike,

over Blane, to the Turnpike Road at Killearn and Stralh-blane, through the Parishes of Killearn and Strathblanc, arelikewife found to be inadequate for keeping up the said Road, and for paying the Interest of the Money expended in the making thereof: That the said respective Trustees have, under the Authority of the said Acts, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, which have been expended for making and repairing the said Roads, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Interest ailcharged as aforesaid, nor the Roads, kept in Repair, unless the said Tolls and Duties are raised; and that it is expedient that the said new lload from the Stockymuir Turnpike, over Blane, to the Turnpike Road at Killearn and Strath.blane, should be included under the same Trust as the Roads contained in the first-mentioned Act, and the said Ro„ads altered and widened in fotne Places, for the Accommodation of Travellers; and that it would be more convenient for the Trustees for executing the said first-mentioned Act, if the same (except so far as relates to the Term thereof) were repealed, and Further and other Powers granted for repairing the several Roads comprized therein, and also the said Road from Stockymuir Turnpike, to the Road at Killearn and Strathblane.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Road branching out of one of the said Roads at or near Balqt House, and passing over Powbank Bridge and Ca/der. Bridge, forms a veiy convenient Communication between different Paits of the Country,'mnd is now in tolerable Repair, but in order that the same should be well maintained and improved, it is expedient that it should be made Turn-, pike; and.it would be for the Advantage of all Persons having Occasion to pass along the said Road, that the same should be included in the said Bill, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more cft'eftually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth: And that tbfe Lord Keith and Mr. Smollett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of to

Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. IVidiam Footcil being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Road, and wlfich now remains due: That the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Road kdpt in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And the Witness, added, That it will be necessary to increase some of the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's , in the County of Hertford .- And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The

r

Kilburn Bridge and Sparrow's Heme Road Petition, reported.

3 8 Geo. III. . 5" Martit.

353

Committee on The Order of the Day being rdad; for th6 House to the P&ieft m re °lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Committee on consider further of the several Reports which, in the Fin, nceoOf Lift Session of Parliament, were made from the Select <ieterreJ?n, Committee, who were appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill forreduc- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to i PubUcOf- re ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, flees, deferred, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public Offices, and for enforcing the personal Attendance of Perl'ons holding Offices in the Public Service;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- ' night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report on Mr.- Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

tottoTc D Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-tillery. ferred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, herein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland ;"and also, of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to revive and continue, until the First Day of March " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an " Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two,

" videlicet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting " to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein " particularly described, for a limited Time; and' for " regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective " Districts in Scotland," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Duties granted by, and the Powers contained in, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, which was continued, by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, until the ill Day of Match 1798, should be revived and further continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, is re-committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House M«uwand' to re ve into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Vol. 53.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had Come to a Refollmon; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty/

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderne, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ' at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One# by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Petition of the Maroons to His Majesty, dated Halifax.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Persons, residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to the Government of The United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, during the War, without Licence for that Purpose;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act more effectually to prevent, " during the present War between Great Britain and " France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the said United Provinces, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

4 X Amendments

Bill to permit the Exportation of Com to Gutmfey, &c. reported.

Address for Copy of Petition of the Maroons to His Majesty.

m

Committee on Bill relative to Money owing to The United Provinces.

tostruction *

Committee of Siipply.

Petition and Account from the Board of Agriculture, referred.

Bill for taking

off the Bounty on Sail Cloth, &c. deferred.

Pelerin's Nat. Bill, committed.

Penrith Roads Bill, reported.

354 5 6° Martii. 1798.

Amendments theireuntoj which they had directed him that the Committee had gohe through the Bill, and to report, when the House will please to receive the made several Amendments thereunto, which they had fame. directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Morning. with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then The Order of the Day being read, for the House to a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

jesty \ ingrofi'ed.

Ordered, That the Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, be referred to A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain the said Committee. Open and Common Fields, lying within the several

Ordered, That the Account of the Expenditure of Tythings of Upton and Milton, within the Parish of East the several Sums of Money which have been granted Knoyle, otherwise BiJIiops Knoyle, in the County of , by Parliament for the Support of the Board of Agri- was read a Second Time.

culture since the Institution thereof, so far as the said That the Bill be committed to Mr. Penrud-

Grants have been received by the Board, be referred to docke Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to

the said Committee. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Speaker's Chamber, raittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee. improving, the Road from Combe Bridge, through

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair. fiey and Bradford, to and the Road from

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they Bradford Bridge to Cockhill Gate, and the Road from had come to aResolutionj which they had directed him the Bottom of Maforis Lane, near the Town of to report, when the House will please to receive the ford, all in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike fame. Road leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset, and Morning. also several other Roads leading from or near the said

Mr. Long also acquainted the House, That he was Roads, in the said County of Wilts, and for maintaining directed by the Committee to move, that they may a Bridge over the River Avon, at in the lame

have Leave to lit again. County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- That the Bill be committed to

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to House, to consider further of the Supply granted to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the His Majesty. Speaker's Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read; Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of to whom the Petition of the Company of Merchants the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a of the City of Edinburgh, was referred; That the Corn-Time to be limited) an Act, made in the last Session mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, of Parliament, for disallowing the Bounty on Sail and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, ex- to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his ported to Ireland, was committed, be received To-mor- Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Ta-row Morning. ble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Morning, Ten of the Clock. Charter or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Scotland, dated the 29th October 1681, was produced, and

__________ ______________________________' read, whereby the said Company were created a Body

Corporate, and invested with certain Powers for the Management and Regulation of their Affairs, and particularly with Power to make certain Exactions, in Name of Entry Money, from Persons becoming Members of their Body, and for applying the Money arising therefrom, and from such other Trulls as might be acquired by the Corporation, towards the Support of their poor Members, and also towards the Support of the Wi-

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An dows and Orphans of Members dying in indigent Cir-Act for naturalizing Henry Ferdinand Pelerin, was cumstances; and the said Charter also conferred a read a Second Time. . Right to prevent Persons not entered of the Corpora-

Resolved,'Tha.t the Bill be committed to Air. Joint Pitt, tion from exercising the Trades in the Charter mcn- Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, tioned, until they were admitted Members thereof, and

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. authorized the said Company to exact certain Sums

from those who became Apprentices to Members.

Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane reported from the Com- Then an Act of the Parliament of , made on

mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending the 15th June 1693, was read, whereby the said Charter Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign was confirmed: And,

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the James Jollie, Esquire, being examined, said. That Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for from the Funds of the Corporation arising from Entry repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a Monies, the Corporation is enabled to afford small Pen-Branch from the said Road, upon Cafilefowerby Pasture, lions yearly to their Poor j and, from Contributions to Caldbeck, all in the County of Cumberland, was com- of Members, and Grants made them for the Purpose df mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- supporting and educating the Children of distressed gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Members, the Company are also enabled to support .3 nearly

Martis, 6 die Martii; Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

Knoyle Inclosure Bill, committed.

Combe Bridge and Bradford Roads Bill, committed.

Petition of the Company of Merchants of Edinburgh, reported.

Dumfries Road Bill, committed.

Chilton Division and Allotment Bill, palfed.

Report Ways and Means.

Pay and Cloathing of Militia.

38 Geo. III. 6°

nearly Eighty Female and Sixty Male Children: But that whillt the Children are liberally provided for, the Poor of the Corporation and their Widows do not receive an adequate Assistance from the Corporation, although by a Royal Charter on the a6th September 1777 (and which was also produced to your Committee, and read) the Company were empowered to demand, and have accordingly demanded from Persons becoming Members of the Corporation, Six Pounds Sterling of Admission Money, and annually thereafter Six Shillings Sterling in Place of smaller Fees, formerly paid: And, being further examined, he said, That in order to make a proper and adequate Provision for the Poor of the Corporation, and theft Widows, if is become necessary that the Charter.of i6<?i, and the Act of Parliament of Scotland, of 1693, ratifying the fame, should be confirmed, as also the Charter of 1777, end that the Admission Money, and annual Contributions should be considerably enlarged, and that the Corporation should be veiled with the necessary Powers for carrying so laudable an Intention into Execution, and that Power should be given for making, from Time to Time, such Rules and Regulations as are most likely to insure its Success.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh: And that Mr. William Dundas, Lord Frederick Campbell, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Hamlet of Chilton, in the Parish of Mcorlinch, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Hamlet of Chilton, in the Parish of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth }

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloalhing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1798, be defrayed out of che Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VOL. 53.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Ply-ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: »

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, °rar J][ur(! That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1798.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Douglas, according so Order, reported from the Bill relative to Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to M"ney ° ;inir

r ' _ to 1 he United

prevent Persons, rending or being in Great Britain, from Provinces, readvancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the P°rted-Credit, of Debts owing to the Government of The United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, during the War, without Licence for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Account of count of the Money advanced by the Bank of va ced by the

for the Public Service, and outstanding on the 31 ft of Bank, to b« December 1797, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Pnnted *

Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to revive and continue, for a Time Bill to permit to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, so'r authorizing His Majesty to permit the Ex- to Guernsey, portation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, and &c-other Articles, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue, until the Conclu-fion of the present War, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Twenty-five, videlicet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do make the Report from Bill for taking the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill on&ti cloth[ to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in &c. reported, the last Session of Parliament, for disallowing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland, was committed.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendment

3 5<5 6a — 8 0 M 1798.

Shrp Owners Bill, presented.

The Lords hive agreed to

Chatteris , Ferry Road Bill.

Ifelin and Eckenftein's Nat. Bill.

Committee on re-committed Bill further to continue Scotch Distillery additional Duty Act.

Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Customs, deferred.

Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr Alderman Lufhingtoti presented to the Housej

according to Order, a Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Masters of Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Timd upon Wednesday, the 4th Day of April next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speakef,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau, and Somersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through to

Earith, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John . Frederick Ifelin and Daniel Eckenjlein; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew *

The House, according to Order resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for further continuing, for' a Time to be limited, art Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

----- ----- ----- -at ——

Jovisy 8° die Martii\

King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge, and also, the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved\That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee; towhorrl Peierin's Nat. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fnd p ect for naturalizing Henry Ferdinand Pelerin, was referred',

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Thomas Wyndham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And the fame; was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend Neath Canal Act, presented.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Denton in-Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of [>4 *

Upper Denton and Nether Denton, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Giljland, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Upper Denton and Nether Denton, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Giljland, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Morpeth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Stapleton in-Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within that Bill,

Part of the Manor of AJkerton, in the Barony of Giljland, which lies within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within that Part of the Manor of AJkerton, in the Barony of Giljland, which lies within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Morpeth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bil for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town and Port of Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

HythcPaving, &c. B:ll, pte-fcnted.

Cirencester and Stroud Roads Bill, presented.

Anno 38 Georgii III. H Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

A Petition of the Subscribers, Brewers in the City of Petition of Edinburgh and its Environs, was presented to the House, agIiuftEdin-and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the burgh Two Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of j mes 540(4 the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining

38 Geo. ill- Martil 357

plaining and amending the said Act; and Setting forth. That the Duty under which the Brewers of Edinburgh and its Environs have so long laboured, and which is fought to be renewed by the present Bill, is a most intolerable Grievance, unjust and oppressive in its Principle, and most injurious to the Public Revenue and Agriculture of the Country, and to the Community at large; and that, while the House and the Country fee the Necessity of giving every Encouragement to the Consumption of Porter, Ale, and other Malt Liquors, as elsential to the Morals and Health of the People, the present Bill is counteracting ever)' such Measure in the Metropolis of Scotland and its Environs, by laying ' Burthens on the Manufacture which put it out of the Power of the Brewer to make his Liquors of such Quality as to induce the general Use of them; and that the Petitioners cannot admit that the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Edinburgh, are entitled to a Renewal of the Duties which they now apply for, the Debt, said by the Bill to be due, not having been properly contracted, considerable Part of it having arisen from Misapplication of the Money arising from the Duty, and a great Loss having been occasioned by the partial and improper Conduct of the said Lord Provost and Magistrates, and those employed in the Collection of it; and that there is no Ground for renewing this odious Imposition upon ' them, but, if it is necessary to provide a Fund for liquidating the Debt contracted upon the Faith of the' Adh before recited, much better Means may be devised than renewing the Imports fought for by the present Bill, which lo materially affects the Petitioners, their Manufacture, and the Public, and particularly, that a general Duty affecting the Inhabitants at large of the City of Edinburgh, and its Environs, would be much more advisable: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to allow the 1 Petitioners to be heard, by themselves, or their Coun-' fel, against the aforesaid Bill, and to reject the fame, or to give to the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time d for second unon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant

Reading of -K/ri ° 1

Bill. March.

Crickley Hill Mr. Gore Langton presented to the House, according feach &c 1" to O er, a Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, Roads Bill, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his presented. late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and and Parishes of Handborough and B la don, to in the Parish

of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Campsfield, to the Turnpike Road at or near Enfiow Bridge, in the said County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Edinburgh Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, accord-Merchants ing Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the

presented. Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Reydon In- Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord-presented.11, ing to rcier> a Kill for dividing and inclosing the Vol. 53.

Heaths, Fen. Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Reydon, in the County of Suffolk:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accord- Gifleham and ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the cloihre Bill" Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, presented. within the Parishes of Gifleham and Pakefield, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for continuing and amending Two Penrith Road A<fls, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of B‘11 Paifel1, his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with, a Branch from the said Road, upon Cafilefowerby Pafiure, to Caldbeck, all in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amending the Powers, of Two Acts, respectively made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a Branch from the said Road, upon fowerby Pafiure, to Caldbeck, all in the County of Cumberland. „

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the ‘

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Keith presented to the House, according Stirling and to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth: Bill, pre-And the same was received; and read the First Time, fenk" *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of The Thank this House be given to the Reverend Charles Moss,

Doctor in Divinity, One of the Canons Residentiary of Dr. Moss. the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at Safnt Margafet's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the lame: And that the Master of the Rolls and Sir William Dolben do acquaint him therewith.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for regu-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1 ti'n§ntheof upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying siave"'S<je- of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coart of Africa-, ferred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 22d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

"Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Re-commit-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ther oVon-further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, timie Scotch made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to D'ltilleiy ad-His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the Ai reportaU several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

4 Y Ordered,

Militia Pay Bill, presentea.

Bill for taking off the Bounty on Sail Cloth, &c. passed.

Expiring Laws Bill, committed.

Bill relative to Money owing to The United Provinces, palfed.

358 8° — 90

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Hobart prefen ted to the House, according' to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for disallowing the bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament, holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-lix, videlicet, on the Sixth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-

leven, for disallowing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, Exported to Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of and Irish

Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the WeJlIndies', to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fitileries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's to

the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax dml Cotton in Great Britain-, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke' % Hydrometer; and to the better securing the Duties on Glass, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. ‘ '

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1

The other'Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingrossed) to prevent Persons, residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money' or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to the Government of The United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, during the War, without Licence . for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to the Government of The United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, without Licence for that Purpose; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, ail traitorous Corre-

Martii. 1798.

spondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to the said United Provinces, and to, the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 90

Anno 38° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1798.

Pray ers.

SIR John Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclol-ing, the several Commons and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Admiral Philip of Wimpole Street,

Cavendish Square, in the County of John Grant,

of Hill Street, Berkeley Square, in the said County, Esquire, Henry Grant, of Portman Square, in the said County, Esquire, William Mills,. of BiJlern, in the County of Hants, Esquire, Robert Sherbourne, of Raven-head, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, James Affleck, Esquire, a Lieutenant Colonel in His Majesty's Army, and Alexander Aubert, of Aujliti London, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of the Manufactory and Property of the late Governor and Company of the British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Success'ors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing one or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for calling of large Plate Glass, read: And,

Mr. Alexander, Black being.examined, said. That the said Manufactory was established in the Year 1773, and was conducted by the Governor and Company, in conformity to the Terms of the said Act, first with a. Capital Stock of £. 40,000, and afterwards with an -extended Capital of £. 60,000, aided by Loans negotiated by the Company to a large Amount, until the Year 1794, when the said Company yvere under the Necessity of felling the Whole of their Property for Payment of their Debts, and Thomas Oakes, Esquire, became the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum of 105,600, on Behalf of himself and others, who, from thenceforth, carried on the said Manufactory under the Authority and according to the Regulations of the said Act, until the Expiration of the Term thereby limited for the Continuance thereof, which expired at the End of the Session of the Year 1705; and from that Period' the Proprietors of the said Manufactory have carried on the same on their joint Account as a private Company.

And

Birmingham Inclosure Bill, presented.

Petition to incorporate the Company of Calt Plate Glass Manufacturers, reported.

.by L

38 Geo. III.

Martii.

359

Rochdale and Prelhvicri Road Bill, committed.

Rochdale and B u rnley Road Biii, committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Exchequer Bills Bill.

EancTTax Commissioners Names Bill.

And the Witness further said, That by virtue of the said Purchase by the said Thomas Oakes, and of subsequent Transfers of Shares, the said Manufactory, and the Estates and EffeC'ts belonging thereto, are now become the Property of the Petitioners, and of those on whose Behalf they petition.

And being further examined, the Witness said, That the Method of making Plate Glass hath been greatly improved by the said Manufactory, and the Public Revenue arising from the Duties laid on Plate Glass hath in consequence been confulerably increased, and is likely to be so, by a Continuance of the said Manufactory; but inalmuch as the same cannot be carried on to Advantage without a larger Capital than is at present employed therein, and as the Contributors to such Capital will be numerous, and as all the Proprietors or Co-partners in a private Company mud be named in all Actions, Suits, and legal Proceedings by or against them, which will be attended with great Inconvenience, and as they may also be liable to have Commissions of Bankrupt issued against them as Traders, which will deter many Persons from engaging in the Concern, it is very desirable that the Proprietors of the said Manufactory should be incorporated, with proper Powers for carrying on the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blof Laucashire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Iteign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane , in the Village of Heywood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Rejldved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, of Laucashire, &c: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Laucashire, to the Town of Burnley, in the said

County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Blackburne, of Laucashire, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to b$ raised " in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an. Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven

Vol. 53.

Bill to repeal the Duties on Gold, &rc. iifed in Wat cl 1 Cafes.

Portugal Salt

Importation

Bill.

Leke Inclosure Bill.

Gloucester Roads Bill, with Amendments.

hundred and Ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing > the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Watch Cafes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit, during the Continuance of the present War, the Importation of Salt from in Neutral

Ships; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields,

Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also.

The I ords have agreej to the' Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are wincanton thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town actionJ Pe-of Wincanton, in the County of Somerset, was presented tition. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and others, have petitioned the House, that Provision may be made for paving the Footways, and lighting the Streets, of the said Town; and that it will tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the In- \ habitants of the said Town, and of Persons resortingto or passing through the fame, if Powers are given for cleansing the said Streets, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, and for otherwise improving the said Town: And therefore praying, That, in any Bill that may be brought in pursuant to the Prayer of the said First-mentioned Petition,

Provision may be made for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteenth Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Honthorn, and from thence to,

MilbornPort, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West: End of Long Lane, in and from

Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate, on Cattle Hill, and also from Wincanton to Spark-ford, in the County of Somerset, and also, for executing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for . executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteenth Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of , in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton

' ,

Petition to amend New-haven Bridge Act, reported.

PortBury Inclol'ure Bill, prei'ented. '

Monk Bridge and New Mal-ton Roads Bill, pre-fen ted.

Account of Mercers Company, presented.

360

Houthorn, and from thence to Milbofti and from IVilloughbx Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in Kihniu ton, and from aforesaid to the

' o.

Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill, and also from IVincanton to Sparkford, in the County of and also, for executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Towers of the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of IVincanton, whole Names are also thereunto subscribed, were severalIv referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Kemp reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse at At in the County of

Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found'that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations ot tire laid Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Bradford being examined, said. That the

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have cauled the said Bridge to be bunt, and a Road to be made thereto, pursuant to the Directions of tire said Act; And being further examined, he said. That the Exemptions allowed by the said Act have been the Means of many Persons evading the Payment of the Tolis thereby granted, and that to enable the Trustees effectually to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, it is ueceliury tire same should be explained, altered, and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth rarof the Reign of His present Majesty, fur building a Bridge over the River Onfe, at Nein the C- unty of Sussex: And that Mr. Kemp and Sir Godfrey It ebjler do prepare, and bring in, -the fame.

Mr. Die kin [on p re fe n t ed to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rej'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to Nezv ton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. , Clerk to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from the 10th of October 1796 to the " 10th of October 1797, directed to be laid before each m

1798.

" House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London," and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, " intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and " other Creditors ot. the Wardens and Commonalty of " the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London"

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Uther of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

According ly Mr. S peaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned; *

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commissi >n under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Alient to the several Public and Private Bilis therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal HighneE the Duice ot Tori His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the iJuke of Gloucester, the Lord Arc; bishop oi Canterbury, the Lord High Chanced jV of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the R yal AfL t to the said Bills; and that the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly -declare and notify the Royal Alient to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Siren hundred and Ninety-eight: x An Act for settling and securing a certain Aryiuity on John Eari Saint Vincent, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title Lari Saint Vincent shall defeend, in Confide-:. Eon of the eminent Service performed by the said John Earl Saint Vincent to His Majesty and the Public: ,

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Duncan shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Adam Lord Viscount Duncan to His Majesty and the Public:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and ' for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters ^:

An Act to repeal the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate used in Wau h Cafes:

An Act to permit, during the Continuance of the present War, the Importation of Salt from Portugal in Neutral Ships:

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commiinoners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, An 44 Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-

44 leven,"

90 MartiL

Royal Assent to Bills.

Accounts of Value of Imports and Exports, oi dered.

Bcport Expiring Laws.

38 Geo. III. 90 Marti 361

" seven," and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-leven:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Twofeveral Acts, the one made and palfed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the lteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of through

Harewood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Ha> rogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage , and the other

through Knaresbrough and Boroughbridge) to and from thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the county of ; and for repair-

ing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through brongh) to Boroughbridge;

An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chatter it Ferry to Hammond's and vtersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the

Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said

Road near Storks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Lammas Closes, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Leke, otherwise East Leke, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of James with

Sarah Sophia Leckie, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Fournier:

An Act for' naturalizing John Frederick Ifelin and Daniel Eckenjlein:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Ferdinand

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Value of the Imports into, and Exports from. Great Britain, exclusive of Imports from the East Indies, between the 5th January 1797 and the

cth January 1798; distinguishing the Imports from the Exports, and the British Manufactures from the Foreign Merchandize exported,

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to one other Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend " an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, inti-\oi. 53.

" tuled. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirtysecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the " Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and permitting the Importation " of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda " Islands in Foreign Ships, and for reducing the Bounty " on refined Sugars exported in any other than British " Ships," which was to continue in Force until the 31st Day of December 1796, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. , Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Value of the Imports into, and Exports from. Great Britain, exclusive of Imports from the East Indies, between the 5th of January 1797 and the 5th of January x 798; distinguishing the Imports from the Exports, and the British Manufactures from the Foreign Merchandize exported,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,-That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two,

on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

4 A Meffige

Account of Value of Imports and Exports, pr$-fen ted,

Milijia Pay Bill, committed.

, House r -solves to adjourn to Monday.

Bill further to continue Scotch Distil Jery additional Duty Act, paflW,

v

The Lords have agreed to

Emberton Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

Quarantine, &c. Bill, deferred.

Committee on

Expiring Laws Bill.

Ha warden Inclosure Bill, committed.

Wav? and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

3 6

2

9® — 12° Martii.

A. 1798.

A Mcffigc from the Lords, by Mr Ho/fordand Mr. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Leeds k His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker.

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Comm6nable Places, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Emberton, in the County of Buckingham; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the ltcign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; to prevent the Fraudulent Importation of Glals into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof; and to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences;

Refuived, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this. Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's; to the

Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to the better securing the Duties on Glass, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday ..Morning next.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands in the Townships of

Broughton, Pentrobin, and Bannell, within the Manor and

Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Patten, Mr. Praed, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 12° die Martii;

Anno 38® Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Guitinp

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the faTBiiiTre" Open, Arable, and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, ported, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Gutting Power, in the County of Gloucester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land rated to the Land Tax at j. 18 a Year, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and that the whole Amount of the Property, as now assessed to the Land Tax, is £.413. if. 8 d.-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Jacob and Richard and

Peter Raymond Poland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Reichard and Peter Raymond Poland.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, cirmcester of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year and st> ujl of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, committed and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rod-borough Hill which leads to Dudbriuand also, the Road leading from Cirencester towards Biftey, so far as the Bottom of Gulplt Hill, all in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and " Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint " Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing aPiece " of Land for a Burial Ground for the Use of the said " Parish," and also an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Y car of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and

amend

St. Leonard' , Shoreditch, Poor Bill, presented.

38 Geo. III. 120-Marfa. ' 363

amend the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for granting further Powers for carrying the same into Effect: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whittle Ordered, That Mr, B do make the Report from fhairninster Committee, to whom the Petition of the several lee.Roads ' Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Mention, re- Trustees appointed for repairing the several Roads in the Counties of Somerset and respectively there-

inafter described, was referred.

Mr. Bqflard accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, so far as relates to the Notices directed to be given at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace at Michaelmas last; but that the Notices which were published in ‘The ter and Sherborn Journal, and The Bath , in the

Months of August and , did not, from Inad- '

vertency, describe the Parishes through which the said Roads pass; which Mistake having been discovered, Notices were again published in The Dorchester and Sherborn Journal on the 29th Day of , and the 6th and

13 th Days of October last, and in The Bath Chronicle on the 5th, 12 th, and 19th Days of October last, describing the Parishes through which tRe said Roads pass; and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of - the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table;

' Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from IVhiJlle Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of So-

merfet, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of

Jler, in the county of ; and from the Cross, in

the Town of Mqiden N, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrot, in the County of , and from a Place called Furze Moor , in the Parish of Broadwinfor, to Lenham's iter, in the Parish of fer, and from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of to the Dorchester Inn, in the Parish of and from Upfydling Ewe Leaze, to the Town of Cerne Abbas, and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset, was read; And,

Mr. Robert Lambert being examined, said. That the Trustees, authorized to put the said Act in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Sums, together with the Tolls, have been applied in carrying into Execution the several Purposes of the said Act; and that the Whole of the Money so borrowed ft ill remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued.

And the Witness further said. That it will be expedient to alter the Course and Direction of particular Parts of the said Roads, described in the said Petition; and also, to alter and enlarge several of the Powers comprized in the said Act; Then,

Mr. John Chaningbeing examined, confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and altering an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of PI is present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from IVhiJlle Bridge, in the Parish of Bar-wick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the county of;

from the Crpl's in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; from Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwinfor, to Lenham's in the Parish of

Vor.. 53.

Beaminster; horn Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beaminster, to th zDorsetshireInn, in the Parish of;

from Upfydling Ewe Leaze, to the Town of Cerne; and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset-, and for more effectually turning, altering, and improving, the said Roads: And that Mr. Mr.

Ashley, and Mr. Bankes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and HythePaving, watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the ittecL ' C°m" Town and Port of Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gipps, v

Sir John Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Crofsford Order, a Bill for more effectually widening, repairing, Manfhefter and amending, tlTe Road from Crofsford Bridge, through Road Bill, the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Prel<:nted Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received;, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to jh£°r Order, a Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein castPlate named, and their Success'ors, with proper Powers for the Glass Manu-Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, pre *

originally established under an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired: And the same was received; and read the'

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

4

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen GHlfham »n4 Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa- clofareBiii"' rilhes of Gifleham and Pakefield, in the County of Suffolk, committed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Lord Viscount Brome, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Reydon In-Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pa- clofur? Bjji rish of Reydon, in the County of Suffolk, was read a committe Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Lord Viscount Brome, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Kemp presented to the House, according to Bill to amend -Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty- «e"l'ha'Tk fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for p«Yc!ted. building a Bridge over the River Ouze, at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in Stirling and the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, was read "RoadT a Second Time. Bui, commit *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord ted *

Keith, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Click, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ashley reported from the Committee, to w'hom BnJfW Pe-the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and ported.

Grounds,

364 i f Martii. A. 1798.

Grounds, within the Parish of Bradford V ever ell, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent' to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. , from

upon Clocks the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; and Watches, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the presented.. House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Assessments upon Clocks and Watches for Three Quarter of a Year, as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Report enPe- The House was moved, That the Report which, upon eaTof the"" 2-jth Day of February last, was made from the Com-

Clock and mittee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter Aa'to1 7 fevera,l Petitions which have been presented to

considered. the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches," might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole Hcrnfe.

Kefolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Innkeepm Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill, ordered, increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inn-beepers and others on Quartering Soldiers: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr, Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Order in Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the

fented ' pre H°ufe» by His Majesty's Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Order of His Majesty in Council of the 6th of Aug 1794, respecting the Time " of Appeals, in the same of Condemnation in the Vice Admiralty Courts, in the West Indies, of the Ships or Goods, belonging to the Subjects of the " United States of America."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 26th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill For irdnc-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j£2pHor«ia>£ upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Holidays in fke», deferred, certain Public Offices, and for enforcing the personal Attendance of Persons holding Offices in the Public Service;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Militia Pay resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Blli deftlir'<i' upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Expiring Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irifth Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the permitting' the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Sfreights; to the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain-, to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to the better securing the Duties on Glass, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the de *

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the 'Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply, de-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the fessed whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee on

Reports from the Select Committee on Finance of last Scifion, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and stata

Mart is.

Lords

Amendments to Gloucester Roads Bill, rut off for Six Months.

Another Bill ordered *

Lords

Amendment to Emberton Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Newcastle-under-lyme Canal Bill,

.committed *

38 Geo. III. 130 Martii.

Mar thy 13 Martii;

Anno 38° Georgii III. U Regis, 1798. Prayers.

TH & House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucestertowards Cheltenham and Fewkesbury, in the county of.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 36. Leave out " or," and in the same Line, after "Mule" insert "or other " Bead of Draught (except an " Afs) "

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Six Months.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and 'Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucesterwhich was presented to the House on the 9th Day of February last, and also the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Townshend do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Emberton, in the County of ham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 45. 1. 9. After " Lincoln" insert "and the Patron of the said Rectory."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordlliips.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable. Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the Newcastle-under-lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir

Nigel Bowyer Grejley, Baronet, near the Town of castle-under-lyme, and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near Apedale, to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Gower Sutherland, Sir Edward Littleton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the-Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 53.

A Petition of the Parishionersahd Inhabitants of the respective Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a new Road or Street from Freejchool Street,

to Li/liput-Hall Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-Jsecond Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh apd Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same and other Roads adjoining; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Shape, it will materially affect the Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said / Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Wx.WilbeiJorce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, and Waste Lands, within the Township of Ulley, in the several Parishes of Treeton and Aston, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;-and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place1; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hqufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Ferguson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Paper, intituled, " Order of His Majesty in Council of the 6th of Augtijl " 1794, respecting the Time of Appeals, in the same " of Condemnation in the Vice Admiralty Courts, in the West Indies, of the Ships or Goods, belonging to " the Subjects of The United States of America," which was Yesterday presented to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for declaring the Validity of an Order of I lis Majesty in Council, dated the 6th Day of August 1794; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in'Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have elapibd in- such Special Caules as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize: And that Sir William Scott, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Douglas, do prepare, and bring in, the lame-

5 A Mr.

Petition of Inhabitants of Deptford again it Southwark Roads Bill *

Ulley Inclosure, Bill reported.

Edinburgh Merchants Company Bill committed.

Bill for enlarging the

Time of appealing in Prize Caulc ordered.

Fnn keepers Bill, pretented.

Bill fjr making Compensation for Lands purchakd for Batteries, prei'ented.

Account of Value of Merchandize imported and exported, ordered.

In struction to Committee on Report respecting the Clock and Watch Duty Act.

Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Cu ltoms, deferred.

Gloucester and Or Itui-h nil, &c. Road.; Bill, presented.

Crouch Hill and Ditchling Roads Bill, reported.

3 66 i3° — 14°

Mr. Hobart preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers: And the same waS received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Lois or Damage in Consequence of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mariii. A. 1798.

Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Head to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Stissex, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of to the

Marie Pit opposite to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had exa- , mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Mr. Pitt reported from the Committee, to Meflingham

Account of the Value of British and Foreign Merchan- whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and im-dize imported and exported for the Half Years ending proving, the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, the 5th of January1797, the 5th of July 1797, and the Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and 5th of January 1798; distinguishing the several Arti- other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Town-'cles which exceed in Value10,000. ship of and that Part of the Hamlet of East

Butterwick in the Parish of in the County Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com- of Linwas committed; That the Committee had

mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the consider of the Report which, upon the 27th Day House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied of February last, was njadc from the Committee, to with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle-whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the fe- gat ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; veral Petitions which have been presented to the House and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (ex-of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, in- cept the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at tituled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain £ 7- 2S- and also the Owners of 17 Cottage Rights,

" Duties on Clocks and Watches," That they do also who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Pro-consider of the several Duties on Inhabited Houses, perty, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to Windows or Lights, Servants, Horses, Carriages, Hories be inclosed, is rated to the Land Tax at £. 86. 2 9

~ufetl in Husbandry, and Dogs. and the whole Number of Common Rights is 116;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to The Order of the Day being read; oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole unto, which they had directed him to report to the House, upon the Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at applying the Fees which have been received from vacant the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Offices towards a Superannuation Fund. Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow upon, were agreed to by the House.

Morning, Ten of the Clock. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grafted.

Mercurii, 140 Martii;

Anno. 38° Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of to-

wards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from helmstone to

x.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open, Guiting Arable, and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Guiting Power % paired. in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Arable, and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Guiting , in

the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are wilbarflon thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Inclosure ad-' others, Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open and dlfIonal Pet>' Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste, '

Grounds, in the Parish of MCI barf on, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That, on the 13th Day of December last, a Petition was presented to the House, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields in IVilbarfon aforesaid; and that thereupon the House was pleased to make an

Order *

tion.

t

Monk Bridge and New Malton Roads Bill, committed.

Knoyle Inclosure Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III. 140 Mar tit. 367

Order, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend *

to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Peti- ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend-

tioners are' adviled, that, under the said Petition and ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second

Order, a Bill can only be presented for dividing and in- Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally

doling the said Open and Common Fields, but it was put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

the Intention of the Parties concerned, when they Order That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

caused the said Petition to be presented, to apply for a grofled.

Bill for dividing and inclosing not only the Open and

Common Fields, but also the Common Meadows, Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Com-

Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands mittee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, Roads Biii°r and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, although widening, and improving, the ltoad from Combe Bridge, reported, they are apprehensive that, by a Mistake, they have not through and Bradford, to Slaverton, and the

foexpressed their Intention in such Petition: And there- Road from Bradford Bridge to and the

fore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill so Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the Town ordered to be presented, pursuant to the Prayer of the of Bradford, all in the County of Wilts, to join the said Petition, for dividing and inclosing the Common Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Common- down, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of able Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, merfet, and also several other Roads leading from or as well as the Open and Common Fields there, or that near the said Roads, in the said County of and the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pre- for maintaining a Bridge over the River at -

mises as to the House shall seem meet. . ford, in the same County, was committed; That the

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Right honourable Lewis ‘Thomas Lord Sondes, Lord of and found the same to be true; and that the Commit-the Manor of Wilbarfon, in the County of Northampton, tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory, and Patron ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Wilbarfon afore- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and said, and also a Proprietor of Land in the Open and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were tures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Wilbarfon aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-Reverend Henry Knapp, Clerk, Vicar of the said Vi- upon, were agreed to by the House, carage and Parish Church, Sir John Palmer, Baronet, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Maria Alicia Adams, Hamfyn Harris, Bryan Ward, and ingrossed.

William Nichols, Proprietors also of Land in the said

Open and Common Fields, which was presented to the Mr. John i wreported from th6 Committee, to whom Oxford Roads House upon the 13th Day of December last, might be the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are re‘ again read. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of a certain Turn-

And the same being read accordingly; pike Road leading from Friar Bacon's Study, in or near

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen the City of Oxford, to the'Mayor' Stone, at the End who are apppin ed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- of the Vineyard, in the Borough of Abingdon, in the suant to the Prayer of the said last mentioned Petition, County of Berks, and also the Road from the Tpp of That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant HinkfeyHill to Hill Gate, in the same County, to the Prayer of the Petition now presented. was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, alter- to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that ing, and improving, the Roads from the East End of the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Monk Bridge, near the City of Fork, to New Malton, Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is aforesaid, was read a Second Time. as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Af- Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Ma-ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- jesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year ber. of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in

Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Ba- Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com- con s Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of -mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and fey Hill to Foxcomb Hill Gate, in the Road leading to inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, lying Farrtngd in the County of Berks, were read: And, within the several Ty things of Upton and Milton, within Mr. William Elias Taunton being examined, said. That the Parish of Eaf Knoyle, otherwise Btfiops Knoyle, in the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Com- Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the Oxford mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Or- District of Road comprized in the said Acts, which still tiers of the House, relative to < Bills of Inclosure', had remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- effectually repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the said Acts, so far as relates to the said District, be

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had further continued and enlarged.

given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 33 Acres continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Two of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 841 of the Reign of his late Majesty" King the Se-

Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Com- cond, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keep-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ing in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re- Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; of Hinksey Hill to Foxcomb Hill Gate, in the Road lead-Vol. 53. ' ing

568

140 Martiu

A. 1798.

ing to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Oxford Diitridl of the said Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on Mr. Dickinsonreported from the Committee, to whom HedgeUfndy Report was re-committed, which was made from

"Wincanton the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Ravin He f>e,dons> whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being re-committed Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-Petition . ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteenth Mile Stone beyond Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilis, and through Wincanton to Charlton and from thence to MilbornPort, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill, and also from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset, and also, for executing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteenth Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborn Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill, and also from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset, and also, for executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wincanton, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Wincanton, in the County of Somerset, was also referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving, any Town, hacP been also complied with, so far as the same relate to the paving the Footways' of the said Town of Wincanton, as prayed for by the said Second-mentioned Petition; but that the said Standing Orders had not been complied with, so far as they relate to the lighting, cleansing, or improving, the said Town, as prayed for by the said Two last mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had also examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. George Meffiter being examined, said, That a Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing of which a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, turned, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlargfd, and some additional Tolls granted:

That the Road leading from Zeals Green to the Parish of Maiden Bradley, through or into the several Farishes

and Places of Slourton, in the County of Wilts, and Kilmington and Norton Ferris, in( the County of Somerset, and also the Road leading from the present Road, opposite the Porters Lodges at Zeals aforesaid, through the said Parishes of Mere and Stourton, to join the last mentioned Road at the North End of BelFs Lane, are much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious; and that it would be beneficial to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Acts.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were again read: And,

Mr. Mefjiter being further examined, laid, That the Footways within tire Town of Wincanton, through which the said Road passes, are in bad Repair, and very incommodious, and the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, very ill lighted, and that it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resorting to, or passing through, the fame, if Provision were made for amending and keeping in Repair the said Footways, and for lighting the Streets and other Places as aforesaid, within the said Town.

And the Witness further said, That it is proposed to defray the Expences of the above Improvements by a Toll on Carriages and Cattle to be taken on Sundays.

To prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition, Mr. Mejfter being again examined, said, ‘That it will tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of Persons resorting to, or passing through, the fame, if Powers were given for cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and for otherwise improving the said Town.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain' PortVjn-Tn-Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the'

9 ' 9 j # coinmiUcu.

Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Gore Langtott, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- UiWlndo-

— ..... & - - 0 - - lure Bui,

passed.

mon Fields, Mesne Inclosures, and Waste Lands, within llir

the Township of Utley, in the several Parishes of and Aston, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: A'nd that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, and Waste Lands, within the Township of Ulley, in the several Parishes of Treeton and Aston, in the West Riding of the County of

Fork.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors Bin for m.ik-of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of Lan.ts pir-the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Lois or Damage in Consequence of the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Hill be committed to a Committee of the whole Iloule.

Resolved, Tltat this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

38 Geo. III.

H

Martii.

369

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Innkeepers A Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be BUi, commit- paicj j-Q Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That, this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Militia Pay Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill, deferred. tQ ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the' Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

ipe diig the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Clock.and confide of the Report which, upon the 27th Day of Watch Duty February last, was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an A(ft, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty, certain " Duties on Clocks and Watches Account, re- Ordered, That the Account of the Assessments upon erre Clocks and Watches for Three Quarters of a Year, as

far as the same can be made up, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which, upon the 27th' Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty tf certain Duties on Clocks and Watches."

The Lord A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

have agreed to QrJ.

Mr. Speaker,

Bill relative to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An to Thet itel Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or Provinces. being in Great Britain, from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to the Government of The United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, without Licence for that Purpose; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and Vol. 53.

all traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to the said United Provinces, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to permit Act to revive and continue, until the Conclusion of the present War, an Act, passed in the Session of Par- toGuemfey, liament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Twenty-five, videlicet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderneywithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for taking Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March SsB lothf One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an &c.

Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Sixth Day.of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for, disallowing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stapletonln-Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons, closure Bdl and Waste Grounds, within that Part of the Manor of Ajkerton, in the Barony of Gi/fland, which lies within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Cumberland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Anj Denton.in-'Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Commons,; clofureBl11 and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Upper Denton and Nether Denton, within, and Parcel of, the Barony of Giljland, in the County of Cumberland-, without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sowerby in-Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open closure Town Field called Sowerby Field, a certain Stinted Parture called The Ox Moor, and a Common or Moor called South Moor, and other Waste Grounds, within the Township of Sowerby, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ChiltonDivi-Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common- Bill,

able Pastures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, within the Hamlet of Chilton, in the Parish of Moor-linfh ', in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Penrith Roads Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from BlU-thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amending the Powers, of Two Acts, respectively made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a Branch from the said Road, upon Cajllefowerby Pajiure, to , all in the County of Cumberland-, without any Amendment: The Lord And also, have passed

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wano- naturalizing Nicholas IVanofrocht; to which the Lords BiJ£htsNat desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Bill read. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole m?013' dcfer-

5 B House,

r

37° H — 15

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. ferredT' de' Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 Martii;

Anno 38" Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

Combe Bridge a N ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing,

and Bradford L\ ,° „ , J. Y

Roads Bill, JTIl widening, and improving, the Road from Combe paired. Bridge, through Winjley and , to

and the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockhill and the Road from the Bottom of , near

the Town of Bradfordall in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to Kings dozen, at or near Bathford , in the County

1 of Somerset, and also several other Roads leading from or near the said Roads1, in the said County of Wilts, and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the same County, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act‘ for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Combe through Winjley and Bradford, to Staverton, and the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cockhill Gate, and the Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, all in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to

down, at or near Bathford Bridge, in tnc County of Somerset, and also several other Roads leading from or near the said Roads, in the said County of Wilts, and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Xnoyle in- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and ip-closure Bill, closing, certain Open and Common Fields, lying within the several Tythings of Upton and Milton, within the Parish of East Knoyle, otherwise Bishops in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, lying within the several Tythings of Upton and Milton, within the Parish of East Knoyle, otherwise Bishops Knoyle, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Crouch Hill An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers an ma< e n Seventeenth Year of the

paired. ' Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmjloneto Cuckfieldand from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of perpoint, to the Marie Pit opposite to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty *

' Martii. A. 1798.

one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Hispresent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighlhelmfione to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of and also

for repairing and widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of Hurfiperpoint, to the Marie Pit opposite to Nezvtimber Broad Lane, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Huddersfield whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put and Penistone in Execution so much of an Act, passed for repairing and widening the Roads thereinafter mentioned, so far as relates to the Second District of Road, and Branch therein comprized, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's -Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen *

" ing the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the " West Riding of the County of to the Town

" of Sheffield, in the same Riding," was read: And,.

Mr. William Armitage being examined, said, That, the Roads directed by the said Act are divided into Three separate and distinct Districts, and Trustees appointed for each District, and that the Road leading from Huddersfield to Pen if one is called The Second District of Road: That the Trustees acting for the said Second District have made great Progress in the repairing the Road within their District, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls directed to be taken within the said District, of which the Sum of £.3,600 and upwards now remains due; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof, with respect to the said District, altered and enlarged: And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to have an Increase of the Tolls taken within the said District.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of in the

West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to PenifioneAnd that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforcedo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Joint Fane reported from the Committee, to Kelmfcot in-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, closure Bill, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common reporte Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Kelmfcot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford, was committed , That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given -

Mr. Bramah's Patent Petition, reported.

38 Geo. III. i5° Ma. 371

given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had 'gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. *

Mr. Tucker Steward reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph , of in

the County of Middlesex, Engineer, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed hint to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, His Majesty's Letters Patent, bearing Date the 23d Day of April 1784, granting to the said Joseph Bramah, for the Term of Fourteen Years from the Date thereof, for that Part of Great Britain called , and the Town

of Berwick-upon-Tweed, the Sole Use, Benefit, and Advantage, of his Indention of a new Sort of Lock for Doors, Drawers, Cabinets, and every other Purpose for which secure Fastenings are required, was read: And,

Mr. William Redgt ive, Book-keeper to Mr.

being examined, produced to your Committee a Statement of Disbursements and Receipts in the Lock Trade of Mr. Bramah; and said, That Mr. Bramah has progressively lowered the Price of his Locks, so as to fell them at Two-thirds less Price than what he was able to do at the Commencement of the Business: Then,

Mr. William Nicholsonbeing examined, was a iked,

Whether, amongst the various Objects that have occupied his Studies, he had ever considered the Nature and Offices of secure Fastenings, commonly called Locks, and their Importance in Society? he said. He had. And being asked, Whether he ever had Occasion to consider the Nature and Principles on which this Instrument has in general been constructed prior to the Petitioner's Patent, and whether, in consequence of such Confide-ration, he had been led to any Conclusions on the Merits or Demerits of Locks so constructed, or to judge on the Sufficiency or Insufficiency of them to the Purposes. for which they were intended ? he said, That the Locks commonly to be bought are insecure in a great many Respects. And being asked, Whether he had ever endeavoured to trace the Causes which render Locks, on the common Construction, deficient in Point of Security ? he said. It would be difficult to enumerate the Causes specified in general, but it may be stated that a Depredator has Access to the Bolt by Means of Pick Locks, and can besides, with Ease, procure Keys. And being asked, Whether he had ever examined and considered the Principle laid down in the Petitioner's Patent for the Fabrication of Locks, so as to draw any Conclusions on the Competence or Incompetence of the Invention to the Object of perfect and inviolable Security, considered with Regard to Principle only ? he said. When the Patentee published a Pamphlet on this Subject, he read it with Attention, and understood the Principle from his Description, previous to having seen the Lock; afterwards, on seeing the Implements, he endeavoured to investigate its Powers, to determine what might be its Defects, and from much Meditation he is disposed to think himself considerably Master of both. And being asked, Whether he ever considered the Petitioner's Principle as truly scientific, and derived from a real mathematical Original, and capable of the endless Variation he sets forth in his Cafe? he said, Vot. 53.

Yes, in Theory and Practice he conceived the Advantages to exceed, not fall short. And being asked, Whe-r ther he conceives that (provided Duplication is avoided in manufacturing the Petitioner's Locks) perfect Security is attainable, and maintainable through any distant Periods of Time, as set forth in his Cafe? he said, Yes. And being asked, W hether he believes that it is likely this Duplication will be the Consequence of a random Fabrication, or a Want of that systematic Order observed by the Petitioner in carrying on this. Work, or whether it can be avoided by any other Means than that he prescribes in his same ? he said. That he has inspected the Machinery of the Petitioner by Means of which he avoids the Operation of Hand Work in constructing his Locks; that if the Lock9 were constructed by a less curious and well-contrived Machinery, or by Hand, he has no Doubt but many Duplicates mud infallibly be produced; with respect to the other Means of avoiding Duplicates in manufacturing, he mud decline speaking to, as it includes too large a Field of Investigation. And being asked, Whether he has examined the State of Perfection to which the Petitioner has matured his Invention, and whether he has considered it as a Work both laborious and costly ? he said, That he has seen the Works, and is convinced that the bringing them to the Perfection they are now in, mud have been attended with much Labour and great Expence. And being asked. Whether the Accomplishment of the Objects of the Petitioner has been attended with much Study and Invention; or whether the Principle requires that Degree of Accuracy said to be attained unto by him, in order to produce and perpetuate the main Objects of the Invention? he said. The Organization of the Principle of these Locks mud have been attended with much Study and Invention, as mull likewise have been every particular subordinate Detail in the manufacturing. And being asked. Whether he has examined the Machines, Tools, and Implements, said to be invented and rected by the Petitioner for the sole Purpose of acquiring Speed and Exactness in this Business, and whether such Machines, Tools, and Implements are voluminous, ingenious, and costly, and if they will be of great Use or not in any other Branch of the Petitioner's Works should he not have Employment for them in the Lock Way ? he said. That the Machinery is voluminous, ingenious, and costly, and as he (the Wit/iefs) conceives icarcely, applicable to any other Purposes than those to which it was originally directed. And,

Mr. Alexander Palmer, Cutler, being examined, said. That he carries on the Trade of a Locksmith. And being asked. Whether he ever examined the Locks made by the Petitioner? he said. Yes, and that in his Opinion, with Regard to the Security of those Locks, the Bit of the Key being now fixed on the internal Part of the Lock, which was formerly fixed to the Key, and the Accuracy with which they are constructed, they are inviolable. And,

Mr. Samuel Rehe, Mathematical Instrument and Watch Maker, being examined, said, That Mr. mah' % Works-are exceedingly extensive; that he (the Witness) has in the Course of his Trade made many Machines and Contrivances for making Instruments of many Sorts for Silk throwing and spinning of Cotton; that he knows Mr. Bramah's Machinery are original Inventions, and mult have been made at a great Expence, and are the Result of great Labour and Ingenuity, and that his Locks are brought to a high Degree of Perfec- , tion, and as he conceives are fold cheap in proportion' to the Coil of the Materials of which they are made. . Then,

Mr. William Nicholson being again examined, was asked. Whether it was his Opinion, that from the Novelty of the Invention, the Petitioner had much Trouble to instruct Workmen so as to enable him tp bring his Manufactory to the perfect State it is now in?

he

y

372 150 'Martii. A. 1798.

Ire said, It was. And being asked, Whether the Loss of these Workmen would nut be the Means of depriving the Petitioner of the Capacity of carrying on his Works in the Manner he now does, and whether that Circumstance would not expose hint to great Loss ? he said. No Doubt it would. And being asked, Whether he had examined the Petitioner's Workmanship, and observed in it great Accuracy and Truth ? he said, He had, and found it to possess the Accuracy of a Mathematical Instrument. And being asked, W tiether he conceives this Truth and Accuracy can be obtained without these Machines, > or' with the Help of any less ingenious ? he said, He does not conceive that Degree of Accuracy can be obtained but by Machines equally perfect with those of the Patentee's. And being asked. Whether he conceives that a Want of this Truth in the Patentee's Locks would greatly reduce their Utility, and that the Effect now produced by that Accuracy, &c. with respect to Safety, will be diminished in proportion as the Workmanship is less excellent ? he said. His Doubts concerning the practical Application of the Principle, when he first perused Mr. Bramah's Pamphlet, w'ere entirely directed to Particulars of a practical Nature; that he is convinced that the Locks would be rendered more accessible and less Valuable, if construded in any less perfect Manner, and that his Doubts were removed by Inspection of the Patentee's Works. And

Mr. John Manton, Gunsmith, being examined, was asked. Whether he had viewed the Petitioner's Works?

- he said, He had. And being asked. Whether his Pre-milll-s, Machinery, and Implements, in the Lock Trade, were very numerous, extensive, and costly ? he said, Very much so. And being asked. Whether they are of a Nature to have required much Study and the Exercise of great Ingenuity to fabricate ? he laid, Certainly. And being asked, Whether the above-named Implements are of such a Kind as can be applied with Effect to any other Branch of the Petitioner's Work, provided he does not carry on the Trade of Lock-niaking ? he said. Very few of them. And being asked, Whether, in his Opinion, that, from the Novelty of the Invention, the Petitioner had much Trouble to instruA Workmen, so as to enable him to bring his Manufactory to the perfect State it is now in ? he said. He is sure he muff:. And being asked, Whether the Loss of these Workmen would not be the Means of depriving the Petitioner of the Capacity of carrying on his Works in the Manner he now does; and whether that Circumstance would not expose him to great Loss ? he said, Certainly. And being asked, Whether he had examined the Petitioner's Workmanship, and observed in it great Accuracy and Truth ? he said, Yes, great Minuteness and Accuracy, such as cannot be.done without similar Means. And being asked, Whether he conceives that this Truth and Accuracy can be obtained without these Machines, or with the Help of any less ingenious? he said, No, it cannot. And being asked, Whether he conceives that a Want of this Truth and Accuracy in the Petitioner's Locks would greatly reduce their Utility, and that the Effect now produced by that Accuracy, &c. with respect to Safety, will be diminished in proportion as the Workmanship is less excellent ? he laid, It certainly would. And being asked. Whether, in his Opinion, the Locks fabricated by the Petitioner are in their Nature inviolably secure ? he said, Quite so. Anu being asked, Whether he conceives that this Safety would be maintained if these Locks were made by every common Smith ? he said. It could not be. And being asked, Whether, in Addition to inferior Workmanship, the Increase of Duplicates would not diminish the Security of the Locks when exposed to a random Fabrication ? he said. Undoubtedly. And being asked, Whether it was his Opinion that the Petitioner, having full Employ meat for his numerous Machines in the Lock Business,

would be enabled to fell the Locks even cheaper than atpresent; and that if they were made equally perfect by any Opponent without such Machines, the Charge to the Public muff: be increal'cd ? he laid. Certainly it mud. And,

Mr. Alexander Palmer, Mr. Samuel and Mr. John Cut fiber tfqn, Philosophical Instrument Maker, being examined, concurred in the above Evidence.

And it further appeared to your Committee, by the Statement of Disbursements and Receipts in the Lock Trade of Mr. Bramah already produced, That, there is a Balance against him on the Side of Disbursements amounting to nearly £. 10,000, allowing an Average simple Interest only on the Capital advanced, and for the whole Amount of Receipts: And it also appears, that he has nothing to balance this Sum but his Tools, Machinery, and a little unmanufaiflured Stock, comparatively of (mail Value, should his Business net continue.

This Statement therefore (hews finally, That so far from the Petitioner having received that Reward for his Ingenuity, and Indemnification for his Time and-Labour, intended by his Patent, that he is nearly £. 10,000 out of Pocket, besides the Loss of a Compound Interest on his Capital, progressively invested, which Capital on the Whole amounts to upwards of £ 3 ,956.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late M i-' jessy King George the Second, and in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, so far as the same , relate to the Roads from the Top of CrickUy Hi!ly in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Mi!!, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and Witnex, and Parishes of Handborough and Bladon, to Camp feld, in the Parish of Kidiington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Campcfidd, to the Turnpike Road at or near Efi/luiv Bridge, in the said County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. "John Fane, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber/

Sir William Scott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for declaring the Validity of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated the Sixth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have elaptbd in such Special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an A<fl, palfed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteenth Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wine ant on to Charlton Honthorn, and from thence to Milborn Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the Weil End of Long Lane, in Kil-mington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hilly and also from

Wincanton

Crickley Hill and North-l ach, See. Roads Hill, committed.

Bill for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes, presentciL

Proceedings upon the Report of Willoughby Hetlge and Wincanton Roads and Paving Petitions.

C

38 Geo. III.

Ig" Martii.

373

Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Sorrier Jet, and also, for executing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby through the Town of Mere, in the County of and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborn Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long , in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill, and also from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of and also, for

executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wincanton, whole Names are also thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of Somerset, was also referred; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to oring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port; and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in Kilmington-, and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset-, and also for altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads communicating the rewith: And that Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Lang-ton, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Footways within the Town of Wincanton, in the County of Somerset:And that Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the Quarter Sessions to

be holden for the County of Somerset, and Three Times in the Newspaper called The Bath Chronicle, in the present Month of March, and in the Month of April, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for Provision being made in the said last mentioned Bill for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, within the Town of Wincanton, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, within the said Town, and otherwise improving the same.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House; to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which, upon the 17 th Day of February last, was mide from the Committee to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Sessioh of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Clocks, Watches, and Timekeepers, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, do cease and determine.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. HobMr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and My. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Combe reported from -the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of ,' was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: JWhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Eykyns being examined, said, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a vefy great and burthensome Expence, and that the providing of a convenient House or Houses, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and granting proper Powers for their Government, Regulation, and Employment, would tend to the more effectual Relief, Assistance, and Accommodation, of such as, by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the Employment of the Industrious, and those who are able to work, to the Correction of the Idle and Refractory, and to the Education of the Infant Poor in Habits of Industry and Religion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish: And that Mr. Alderman Combe, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Curtis, and Mr. Alderman do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of Monies issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Report from Committee on Report re-

speiting the Clock and Watch Duty Att.

St. Sepulchrtr'a Poor Petition, reported;

Account of Money iiVuodl out ot Civil List, presented.

VOL. 53.

5C

An

Committee on Quarantine,

&c. Bill.

374

15° Mar Hi. 1798.

An ACCOUNT of Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List

Revenues, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

X

ut

To His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, in' the Year ended the 5th of January 1798, over and above the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament for the said Service - -

To William Pollock, Esquire, for Payment of Expences arisen from the Execution of the Provisions of the Alien Act, over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service for the Year 1797 ——

To William Chimtery, Esquire, to enable him to pay sundry Bills drawn from the Settlement

of New South Wales, which became due in the Year 1797, being the Excess of the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service ——

To John Wilmot, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Banks , commonly called Lord

JHawkesbury, Sir William Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service for the Year 1797 - -

To Henry Barlow, Esquire, His Majesty's Deputy Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King's Bench, as a Compensation for his Attendance in the House of Peers during the Trial of Warren Haflinzs, Esquire, including Fees and Charges on the /. s. Receipt thereof ----- -- 261 15 6

To Robert Hudson, Esquire, as a Compensation for collecting Papers necessary to form an Appendix to the Minutes of the Evidence taken on the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, bj Order of the House of Lords, including Fees and Charges on the Receipt thereof - ----- - 547 12 —

To the Assignees of Richard Whallty Pridgeman, late Clerk to the Grocer's Company, for his -Allowance for making up and publishing in The London Gazette Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, pursuant to an Act passed in the Thirty -second Year of His present Majesty, for One Year, to the 18th of June 1796, and for Expences of Advertisements, Office Rent, Clerks, &c. and including Fees and Charges on the Receipt thereof ——

To William Ghinnery, Esquire, to be by him paid over to Samuel for Expences in putting up a Ventilator in the House of Lords, including Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - - '« -11312 —

To Ditto, to be by him paid over to Messieurs Jackson and Moser, for providing and fixing a large Empyreal Air Stove, and other Works, for the Purpose of warming the House of Lords, and the Passages leading thereto, including Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - -.....169 56

£. s. d.

38,222 7 6

1,000 — — -

I7>°73 5

12,677 1

S09 7 6

472 17

282 17 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 15th March 1798.

Charles Long.

7°>538 3 ~

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof; and to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, u An Act to oblige Ships " more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for " the better preventing the Plague being brought from " Foreign Parts into Great B or Ireland, or the lfies " of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill to extend the Provisions of the several Acts now in Force respecting the Performance of Quarantine to any contagious Diseases or Distempers which may rage in Foreign Parts, and which may not be deemed the Plague.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for punishing Persons asti.ng contrary to any Order in Council, which may be made for laying any Embargo on Ships or Vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, Or Merchandize.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to allow the Drawback of " the Duties of Customs and Excite upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commisfioned Officers, on board Ships of War in actualService, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with " Tobacco, Duty-free," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

InltrucHons.

38 Geo. III. 15 — 16° Marti. 375

mittee, That they have Power to tnake Provision in the said Bill for extending the Provisions of the said Act to Wines delivered into the Charge of the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Falmouth, and for permitting Wines, put on board any of His Majesty's Ships Under the Authority of the said Act, to be removed from one Ship to another without being firth landed and warehoused.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ing Holidays a Committee the whole House, upon the Bill for in Public of- reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public ces. Offices, and for enforcing the personal Attendance of

Perl'ons holding Offices in the Public Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they Jiad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Comifiittee on Bill for making Compen-iation for Lands purchased for Batteries.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Lol's or Damage in consequence of the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committeaon The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

sinkeepm whoic H(J

use, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ami then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

ol. 53.

Veneris, 16° die Martii $

Anno 38° Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

O IR Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves arid other Freeholders of the said Parish, and also of other Inhabitants, assessed and paying the Poor Rates of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick', and Setting forth, That the Expences of maintaining the Poor within the said Parish have rapidly increased, and now amount to the enormous Sum of £. 25,000 per Annum, whereas Twenty Years ago they were little more than One Fourth Part of this Sum; and that, from Tim? to Time, the Parish have had it in Contemplation to eale the Poors Rates by agreeing with the Freeholders for Part of the said Waste Lands, for the general Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, there being a Clause in the Guardian Act enabling the Guardians and Overseers of the Poor'to purchase One hundred Acres of Land, for the general Advantage of the Parish Poor; and that it appears to be highly expedient that the general Sense of the Freeholders and Inhabitants should betaken on this Measure before an Act of Inclosure takes place; and that the present Application for an Act of Inclosure has been made by a few Individuals, without the Concurrence of the Petitioners, the Freeholders, and Inhabitants at large, and there is Reason to apprelund these few expect to divide the Whole among themselves; and that the Inclosure of 380 Acres of Waste Land, being the Whole thereof, lying near or adjoining to so populous a Town as Birmingham, is a Matter of great Importance, and requires much previous deliberate Confederation: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law this Session, but that further Time may be allowed for Deliberation, and for investigating the Claims of the Freeholders at large, and the general Advantage of the Parish, in order that, if it should be thought advilable to inclose the said Waste Land, the general Interest of the Town and Parish, and the private Interests of Individuals, may be more accurately known and determined.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glals, originally established under an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year

Dumfries Roads Bill reported.

Petition of Freeholders against Bir- _ mingliam Inclosure Bill<

Bill to incorporate the Cad Plate Glals Manufacturers, cco;iTh:tsd.

Meflinghawi Inclosure Bill, passed.

Bill to amend Newhaven Bridge Act, committed.

Whittle Bridge and Charmintter, dec. Hoads Bill, pre-leuted.

Bill for making Compensation lor Lands purchased for Batteries, reported.

376 16° Martii. 1798.

of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bur ne of Laneaftire, Mr. Sta, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and improving, the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Unindofed Lands and Grounds, within the Town ship of Meffngham, and that Part of the Hamlet of East Butterwick, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 89. 1. 33. After " Lessees" to insert " so as to " have Effect beyond the Duration " of her or their Lease."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and improving, the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Mejftngham, and that Part of the Hamlet of

East Butterwick, in the Parish of Mejftngham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth ' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouze, at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kemp, Mr. Lennox, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Banket presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and altering an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads, from Whijlle Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the 1'urnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, ini the County of Dorset; from the Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; from Furze

Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwinfor, to Lenham's Water, in the Parish of Beaminster , from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beaminster, to the Inn,

in the Parish of Woolcombe; from Upfydling Ewe Leaze, to the Town of Cerne Abbasj and from the Town of Erampton, to join, the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset; and for more effectually turning, altering, and improving, the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First -Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain Owners and . Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Loss or Damage in

Consequence of the said Act, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Innkeepers Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ,l1' reporte<1‘ increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, was com- , mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the , Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossedi

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for jnSubilc of-reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public fice«,reported. Offices, and for enforcing the personal Attendance of Persons holding Offices in the Public Service, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolvd itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which, upon the 27th Day of February daft, was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches

Resolved, Tha.t this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Report respecting the Clock and Watch Duty Adeferred.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Account of Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, Grants pre at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their fented.' Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1797 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 16th Day of March 1798, and the Parts remaining unfatjsfied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

An ACCOUNT, Shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1797 has been Disposed of; distinguisticd under the several Heads, until the 16th Day of March 1798,

o *

Cn

and the Parts remaining unsatisfied.

00

o

w

o

s Jf g v7

SERVICES.

For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for'120,000 Men, including 20,000 Marines, from the id of January 1797 - f -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1797 - - - - 1 - -

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in Majesty s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above whit are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1797 ——

Towards defraying the Expences, and preventing the Increase of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, lor the Year f 797 -

To defray the Expence by an Increase to the Pay of the Seamen of His Majesty's Fleet, according to the Addition uire£}cd by His Majesty's Order in Council of the 3d of May 1797, and the proposed Issue of full Allowance of Provisions ——

' V

For Ordnance, Sea Service ——

For Ordnance, Land Service ——

For dr

For de or defray

cr defraying the Additional Charge of an Augmentation of the Pay and Allowances of the Non-commilficned Officers Trumpeter , Drummers, and Private Men of the Brigade of the Royal Horse Artillery, the Corps of Captain Commissaries, and the Corps of Royal Mtii ta» y Artificers and Labourers,

from the 25th of May to the 24th of December 1797.....-..... ....

Fcr defraying, the Charge of Additional Pay to the Captain Lieutenants, and First and Second Lieutenants of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Engineers, fi om the 25th of May to the 3 ill of December 1797 ——

£. d.

5,928.000 —

fc53>S73 1 7

768 ICO — — 5,000,000 — —

372,000 — —

s v

o

4

Vn

o

CQ

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

ft

£ ' d.

312,000 -

LOO9.024. 9 2

1 14.553 >9 9 74,830 — 3

425,366 10 6

16,000 — — 3 281 11 4

Serjeants, for the Year 1797

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Cor fie aThe pape of G cd Hope, a Corps of Foot in New Scutb Walts, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officer?, Non-commissioned Officer , and Private Men, the Charge of C.oathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Mailers, and Serjeants, from the 25th of December 1796 to the 24th of December 1797 ——

For defraying the Difference between the British and lrtjb Pay of 6 Regiments of Foot, for Service Abroad, from the 25th of December 1796 to the 24th of December 1797 ——

For defraying the Charge of Troops of Dragoons, and 9 Companies of Foot, stationsd in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in Eafi lnnia, from the 25th of December 1796 to toe 24th of December 1797 ——

For defraying the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty's Land Forces, of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1797 ——

For di fraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Jerfy, and Guernsey, for the Year 1797 ——

For defraying the £M\arec of the embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsy, and the Islands of Stilly and Man, from the 25th of December 1796 to the 24'h of December 1797 ——

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, and of certain Allowances to the Non commissioned Officers and Private Men, for the Year 1797 ——

For defraying the Charge of Cloathirg for the embodied Militia in Sooth Britain, for the Year 1797 ——

For defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Service in Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1796 to the 24th of December

1797 - - - -.

For defraying the Charge of certain Allowances to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, and the Charge of Extra Feed for the said Corps, for the Year 1797 -

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Mrjc fly's British American Forces, for the Year 1797 -

Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1797 - -- -a-a

For detra>ing the Charge of Horse Furniture, and of Cloathing and Accoutrements for Icvcrnl Augmentations of His Majesty's Forces in the Year 1796 -

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the Private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards Reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1797 ——

Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1797 - -

For defraying tb . Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1797 -For defraying th.- Charge of Full Pay to bupernumcrary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, and of draughted Regiments, from the 25th of December 1796 to the 24th of December 1797 ——

On Account of the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year

SUM-3 _ SUMS

Voted or Granted. Paid.

£ ' £ d.

12,721,673 I 7 1 2,721,673 1 7

£ '

1.505,90s .1 —

1.411.231 19 5 40,096 9 9

>3 335 18 —

360.000 — —

94.195 M — 950.441 3 6

210.000 -- —

112,811 < — --

397734 4 *

p5,o:o ——

7,500 ——

52 500 ——

70,000 — —

12? 3 4

118,874 (6 8

180,000 —; —

136,67514 3 1,00a — — p

1,955.056 n —

Remains to be Paid.

£ ' d.

1.392,693 1 11

62.363 9 i

ON

Q

2:

00

( ContinuedJ

g

cq"

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg;

FT

s

u

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Conflniffafy General Of the Mutters, to the Judgcr Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies and CTerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay matter General, for the Year 1797 - - . _

Towards defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing the Militia, for the Year 1797 ....

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1797 .

Upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the fame, for the Year 1797 For defraying the additional Charge of an Augmentation of the Pay and Allowances of the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Drummers, and Private Mfen of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th Day of May 1797 to the 24th of December following

To satisfy Demands outttanding on the 5th of January 1797, in the Barrack Department ....

For supply of Ponge to the Troops, and other Expences attending the Service of the Barrack Department, for the Year 1797

For defraying the Charge of certain Allowances to be made to the Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, and Quarter Matters of His Majesty's Land Forces, from the 25th Day of June 1707 to the 24th Day of December following -....

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1797 -

Towards defraying the Charge of Cloathing and Accoutrements for sundry Corps of Volunteer Cavalry, for the Year 1797 - - .

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December

179; to the 6th of December 1796 ....

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 7th of December

to the 24th of December 1796....

For defraying the Expence of the Extraordinary Services of the Army, incurred and not paid previous to the 5th of January 1797 -

Towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army, for the Year 1797 ——

To enable His Majesty to make Remittances, from Time to Time, to be applied to His Service in Ireland, in such Manner as shall be approved of by the Parliament of that Kingdom, on Provision being made by the said Parliament for defraying the Interest and Charges of a Loan to that Amount - .

>3 779 >7 1

177 00a — — 147,165 10 it 11,602 7 3

224.000 — —

288.000 — —

449.000 — —

60,coo — — 381,637 17 — 30,000 — —

3,280,513 13 2

106,962 13 4

438.000 — — *

4,000,000 — —

To enable His Majesty to make such temporary Advances, by Way of Loan, for the Service of the Emperor, at such Times, and in such Manner, as His *

Majesty may judge most expedient, with a View to the Prosecution of Military Operations in an early Period of another Campaign ..... 500,000 — —

To enable His Majesty to make a temporary Advance, by Way of Loan, for the Service of the Emperor - - 200,000 — —

To enable His Majesty to afford some pecuniary Assistance, if the Circumstances should appear to His Majesty to require it, to His Ally the Queen of Portugal, for the Defence of her Dominions against any Attack from the common Enemy; and to enable His Majesty to defray such extraordinary Expences, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require ——

For the Marriage Portion of Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1797 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, from the 1 ft of January to the 31st of December 1797 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th ot June 1797 to the 24th of June 1798 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in Amenta, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1797 - -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, from the 24th of June 1797 to the 24th of June 1798 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, from the ill of April 1797 to the ift of April 1798 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1797 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermudas or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1797 to the 24th of June 1798 -

For defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1797 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1796 to the lothof October 1797 i ....

Tobeemployedinrepairing, maintaining, and fapporting the Forts and Settlements on the Coailof - -

To make good the like Sum which h3s been issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of Addresses of the House of Commons ——

To make good to His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, the like Sum issued out of the same to Thomas Cotton, Esqr, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of thrir Attachment to His Majesty's Government ——

To make good to D°, the like Sum which has been issued for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, between the 5th Day of April 1796 and the 10th of October following -

To make good to D°, the like Sum which has been issued for the Relief of the fuftering Clergy and Laity of France ——

To make good to D°, the like Sum which has been issued to James Wyatt, Esqr, for Fixtures at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons -

To make good to D°, the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas E<vance, as an Allowance to him and Thomas Brodie, who were appointed to continue and perfect the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords -

To make good to D°, the like Sum which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esqr, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convi'b on the River Thames

To make good to D°, the like Sum which has been issued to James Bradley, Esqr, for maintaining and employing Convicts in Langston and Porifmoah Harbours

For the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon as shall become due on or before the 10th ot October 1797, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act of the 30th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the lare unhappy Dissensions in America - '"

SUMS Voted or Cranfevl.

>5»488,o89 2 IO

i >5 00,000 — — 700,000 — —

560,000 — — £0,000 — — 7,000 — —

5,915 ——

4550 — —

1,900 — —

1,840 ——

1,232 10 —

4,100 — — 580 — — 600 — —

5 523 >0 — 13,000 — — 28,263 1 6

11,500 — —

7L431 5

140,090 — — 681 16 3

869 19 — 9,186 2 4

13,492 Ml

51,682 17 6

SUMS said.

15,488,089 2 10 1,500,000 — —

700,000 — —

500,000 — — ' 80,000 — — 7,000 — —

5,915 ——

4,550 ——

1,900 — — 1,840 — — r 1,232 IO ---

4,100 — — .

5,523 IO — -

275,514 7 nj

48.453 4

Remains to be Pali

00

ON

o

I:

5S0 ——

600 — -

I 3,000 -- —

3,229 13

<1

NO

00

o

t *

u>

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

?r

To make good to the Civil Lid, the like Sum paid out of the same for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France -

To make good to D % the like Sum paid to Duncan Campbell, Esqr, for the Expence of conliaing, maintaining and employing Convicts on the River Thames To make good to D°, the like Sum issued to James Bradley, Erqr, for maintaining and confining Convids in Lang/Ion and Portsmouth Harbours To make good to D°, the like Sum issued for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, between the 10th of October 1796 and the 5th of January 1797 To make good to D°, the like Sum issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in the Prosecution carried on against Warren Hafiings, hf./ -To make good toD°vthe like Sum issued for Expences and Allowances in the Superintendence of the Alien Act - -

To make good to D°, the like Sum issued for the Salary of the Chief Justice of 'Newfoundland - -

To be applied towards the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, for the Year 1797 - -

31,000

3 033

9,623

1.345

2,3c6

1,740

693

1 f o,coo

4

12

19.

8

9

!5

150,000 —

For His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the Year 1797 For the Repairs of the Fleet Prison - -

For the Repairs of the King's Bench Prison - -.....-....

For Expences on Account of the Settlement of Ntvu South Wales - ....

For the Board of Agriculture, for the Servie; of the Year 1797 -

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, for the Year 1797 - - - - »

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to the C in of this Kingdom ----- - . - -

For defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Year 1797

Towards defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been or shall be printed by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1797 -

Towards defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of the Alien Ad, for the Year 1797

Towards defraying the Expences of the Settlement of New South Wales, for the Year 1797 - . „ -

Towards defraying the Expence of Allowances and Pensions for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His

Mr tfty's Government, for the Year 1797 - ....

To be applied in Support of an Infmution called The Veterinary College - -.....-....

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands in North Britain, in the Year 1797 -

To enable His Majesty to defray the Sums which the Commissioners under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty have awarded to be paid by the British Government, and the Expences attending the Commission, to the 5th July 1797 - - - - _ - - _

To be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing of the National Debt To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1795, at Lady Day 179; -

To make good the Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th of January 1797 - - - - . - - - .

To make good the Deficiency of - - Da - on the 5th of July 1797

380,248 7 9

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1795, at Michaelmas 1797, £. 173,009. 19/. 8Jd. but the Bank being in the Possession of the Exchequer Bills, set off the same on the 15th Dav of August 1797 - - - .

To pay off and discharge the Exchequer Bills, issued in pursuance of an Act passed in the 26th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for enabling His Majesty to raise £. 2,500,000, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned ——

To pay off and discharge the Exchequer Bills which have been issued on the Credit of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1796 ——

To pay Bills drawn on and accepted by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury - - - -

Towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, which have been made out in pursuance of an Act, paffcJ in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, and by an Act passed in the same Session, for continuing the Duties on Malt, &c.

£. /. d,

187.000 — —

1.110.000 — —

1.370.000 — — ' 1,650000 — —

833.000 — —

Voted

But satisfied with

5,150,000 -

To enable His Majesty to re-pay to the Governor r.nd Company of the Bank of England, the like Sum advanced by them on the Credit of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1795 -

To enable His Majesty to issue £. 600,000 to Commissioners, to be by them advanced, under certain Regulations,'for the Accommodation of such Persons connected with

and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, as Hull be defnous of receiving the fame, on due Security for Re-payment within a limited Time To make good the Sum of £. 3,500,000, charged by an Act of last Session of Parliament on the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1796 To John harbill, Esqr, Secretary to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and Incidental Expences of the said Commission -To the Clerks in the Office of the Auditor and Tellers of the Exchequer, for di eding and paying the Orders made out for the Relief of American Sufferers, et aL To be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them paid over to the several Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1797 ——

To D°, for Allowances, by Way of Discount, to the Contributors for prompt Payment on the said Lottery ——

To D°, for receiving and paying the Subscriptions to the said Lottery, &c. - . - -- - *

For th< Charges and Expences in preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof —

To the B ank of England, for receiving Contributions, amounting to £.17,896,260; Part of £.18,000,000, directed to be raised by Annuities, for the Service of the

Year 17

97

To D°, for Discounts, on prompt Payments allowed the Contributors of the said £. 17,896,26® ——

To the Amount of the Forfeitures by certain Contributors neglecting to complete their whole Payments on the said £. 18,000,000 -

To the Bank, of England, for receiving the Contributions for faifing£. 16,120,000, granted by Two Acts of Parliament, foi the Service of the Yfcar 1797 To Da, for Discounts on prompt Payments to the Contributors of D° ——

4,515 8 S> 672 3 31 825 14

3,000 ---

1,800 ---

1,461 15 32,000 ---

7,000 —

2.000 ---

30,000 ---

46,120 ---

i,soo — 4.500 —

38.454 ‘4

200,000 —

59.397 9 5.10,505 10 148,538 1

ij

3 + 1

3?

9 *

o

4648,730 16 3

1,054,000 — —

600.000 — —

2,!/.7»P:0 ----- 7

3 1 6

1,120 ——

500.000 — —

4,0 8 4

I ,cco -

12 4'-o — —

14,420 13 2

65881 3 #

103,740 ——

12,989 7 2

163,696 2. II

293,266 3

a

4.515 8 1! 5 b72 3 3i

31,82s «4 I1

1,000 ——

1,461 15 6

12,903 14 7

7.000 ——

2.000 -- —

30,000 —

46J20 — — 750 - — 4 0° ——

38 454 M 3! 200,000 — -

1 59 397 9 9i

550,505 JO ji

J4 »5 3 —

86,982 4 7$

2,000 — —

1,800 — -

19,096 5 5

4/48 750 l6 3

1,054,000 -

3?8.cco ——

8 4

1.000 — — 1,700---

14 . =0 13 2

65>8i 3 8

ir 3 740 -

1 7 2

K3C96 2 11

7r0 — —

44.323.807 17 11 4M«c-543 5 3 *

2 I 2,000 -- —

928,6 5 8 qj

7S7 1 6

710 ——

500,000 — - —

10700 ——

i ,$43,264 2 7\

(Cenimued )

OO -

VO. *

38 Geo. III. 16° Marta.

WAYS and MEANS for answering the Services; viz.

A

4 per Lib. on Land *

By Duty on Malt, continued Anno 1797-Surplus of Grants, fro Anno 1796.

By Annuities.

By Annuities *

By Annuities.

By a Lottery.

' By the Future Surplus of the Consolidated Fund.

By Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids to be granted Anno 1798.

43,436,250 ——

t

D

cq‘ .

1 1

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

?T

2,000,000 — —

750,000 ——

420,000 — —

l8, OCO.OOOO — -

14?500 000 — — 1,620,000 — — 646,250 — —

2,000,000 --- —

3?50o,oco — —

To satisfy the Sams unpaid, there remains in the Exchequer, and to be raised, as follows; <uix.

In Caffi, of Contributions to a Lottery - - - - , -

To be raised by Exchequer Bills, to complete3,500,000 ——

To come in of the Consolidated Fund, to complete £. 2,000,000 ——

To be applied out of the future Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, to replace the like Sum paid out of the Supplies of the present Year, to make good the Deficiency of that ~ s d Fund, pursuant to the Act 26 Geo. III. for the Quarter ended the 5th of January 1797 ----- ----- 550,505 10 I

To D®, for the Quarter ended the 5 th of July 1797 ----- 148,538 1

1 1

___i

X

Mem nm.

Besides the above Sum of £.42,480.543. 15/. there has been applied

£ 539»9 °- 0 s 7i to redeem Exchequer Bills, paid into the Exchequer in lieu of Calli, on certain Duties which are Fart of the Consolidated Fund.

Memdvm.

The Arrears of former Sapplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz For the late African Company's Creditors ——

ForGeorgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. 19/. 11d. - -

To make good the Deficiency of 4 per Cent, granted Anno 1785 - -

To pay Principal and Interest of Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28 Geo. III. for the Relief of American Sufferers, and of Persons who have suffered by the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, and charged upon the Supplies Anno 1789 ——

D® made out pursuant to the said Adfc, and charged on the Supplies Anno 1790 ~ made out pursuant to an Act 30 Geo. III. and charged on D

To

To - D°

To - D° - - - - D° - - - 28 Geo. III. and charged on the Supplies Anno 1791 To -D®---- D®--- 30 Geo. III. and charged on D® -

To -D°---- D°--- 28 Geo. III. and charged on the Supplies Anno 179a

To - D® - - - - D° - - - 30 Geo. III. and charged on D®

To -D°---- D°-- - 28 Geo. III. and charged on the Supplies Anno 1793 To - D° - - - - D° - - 30 Geo. Ill and charged on D° -

To -D°--«-D°-- - 28 Geo. III. and charged on the Supplies af/ure 1794 To - D° - - — - D® - - — 30 Geo. III. and charged on D® -

To - D® - - - - D® - - - 28 Geo. III. and charged on the Supplies Anno 179 £

To - D® - - - - D® - - - 30 Geo. III. and charged on D®

To - D® - - - - D® >- - - 28 Geo. III. and charged on the Supplies Anno 1796

To - D® - - - - D® - - - 30 Geo. III. and charged on D®

To the Civil Establishment of Cape Breton, charged on thd Supplies Anno 1791 -

For the Salaries of the Officers of the Bahama lfiands, charged on D®

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, charged on the Supplies for the Year 1793

For Services performed by - - DP - - charged on the Supplies for the Year 1796

£ / d.

110,954 11 »1

1,495,000

888,195 3 ni

li

699,043 11 2

3>»93»i93 6 '3?

£ /. d.

900 12 10

57O l7 7z

683 17 35

554 11 \\

231 «4

163 14 ioi

225 2 — -

4>943 4 ioi

349 7 2

3 2,4 5 1

522 H

3»I23 5

561 16

3>°3 4 ioJ

56617 Si

3»°53 9 — t

721 18 ioi

3,106 3

1,600 — —

2,014 — —

616,452 2

155,805 17 4

802,400 7 7i

Presentedthe 16th Day of March 1798, by

W. Sp<

eer+

vjo

OO

o

On

O

NO

OO

V

Oinmntine, i£ c. Bill, re , ported.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Bozeat Inclo-fur Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III. Martii. 381

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such at Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coast-wife, for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the , Landing thereof; and to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employn nt not permitted by their Licences, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place } and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tho Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Moiulay Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrafted.

The other Order? of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning pe t, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to copfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn‘ ing n«t, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

1.

LuneZy 190 die Martii \

Anno 38° Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

and an Amendment was mause; by the House, to thp Bill.

Ordered, That the pi ill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Wanaftrocht, was read a Second oomnut-

Time. «<t

Rejo/vedi That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Jeri'oise Clarke Jcirvoife reported from the Com- Woretfi-rand mittee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Pro- cana)nperi prietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navi- tion, reported, gation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation pills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to repprfe the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report ip his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said petition, art Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Nayi gable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate witK the River Severn near to the City of Wary eft er, was read: And,

Mr. James Jones, Agent to the said Company of Proprietors, being examined, said, That by the said Act, the Petitioners were authorized to raiic sr.jSum of Money towards defraying the Expences of making the said Canal, not exceeding £.250,009; that a cop siderable Part of the said Canal is already completed; and that the Petitioners have expended a very large Surp of Money therein; but it will require a greater Sum than tfiey are authorized $0 rpile, to finifti and complete the said Canal; and that some Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act....

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, paflea in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maiptaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the " Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warzvifk, tp " communicate with the River Severn near to the City.

"of Wore efterAnd that Mr. Jervoise Clarke Jer-voife. Sir John Mordamt, and Sir George Augvjhtf William Sliuckburgh Evelyn, do prepare, and bring ip, the fame.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to . The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Com- Petition to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor,

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of ip Admeasure-

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish Common Council assembled, was referred; That the cf Bozeat, in the County of Northampton, was com- Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe- reported. ' mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found tition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the . port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Clerk's Table: Where the same tya? read; and 9s and found the same to be true; and that the Parties followeth;

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Frauds Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him " and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Chals, sold by to report to the House; and he read the Report in his " Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and Li-Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the " berties thereof, and between ‘Tower Dock and Liing-. Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the " house Hole, in the County of Middlesex " and also, Amendments were Opce read throughout; and then a an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question of His said Majesty, for continuing the said Act until severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; the act Day of June 1798, and from thence to the End Voe. 53. 5 E of

London small Pcbts Petition, reported *

Temple Bar Improvement Petition, reported.

382 i90 Martii. 1798.

of the then next Session of Parliament, were read: And,

Mr. Richard Dkkfon being examined, said. That the Execution of the rowers and Provisions of the said first-mentioned Act, have been attended with great Advantage to the Persons residing within the Limits thereof, and it is highly expedient that the same should be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of dlesex: And that the Lord Mayor of London and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord M yor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the Recovery of small Debts, and for relieving the poor Debtors in ;and also an Act, passe<T in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty |Cing George the Second, to explain and amend the said Act, were read: And,

Mr. John Holmes being examined, laid. That the said Acts have been found defective, and insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other Provisions established for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the said City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the Recovery of small Debts, and for the relieving of poor Debtors, in London," and an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Re-cjuefts, in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established: And that the Lord Mayor of London and Mr. Alderman Lufiington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Mayor of London reported frotn the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple; for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, was read: And,

Mr. William Montagu being examined, said. That a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Act in Execution, and it hath been discovered that the Powers thereof require to be altered, amended, enlarged, and rendered more effectual, in order to enable the Petitioners to complete the several Works by the said Act authorized and directed to be done: That tVie taking down of the Church of Saint Clement Danes, as authorized by the said Act, will be attended with great unhecessary Expence, as well as Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that, by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears that a commodious and sufficient Enlargement of the Street from Saint ment's Church Yard to Temple Bar, may be made without removing the said Church, and at a much less Expence, by taking down certain Houses on the South Side of the Strand, and at the West End of Saint Clement's Church Yard; whereby the Communication between the Cities of London and will be

greatly improved:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near " Temple Bar; for making a more commodious Street " or Passage at Snow Hill-, and for railing; on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those " Purposes:" And that the Lord Mayor of London and Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto affixed,- residing in the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, Dorchester and Evershett, in the County of Dorset, and Teovil and Crew kerne, in the County of Somerset, and in the several Parishes of South Perrott, Cheddington, combe, Rampijliam, Wraxall, Chilfrcom, Froom Saint Quin-tin, Catfock, Maiden Newton, and Sydling Saint Nicholas, in the County of DorJ'et, was presented to the House, and-read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1778, an Act was passed for making a Turnpike Road from Whistle Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the said County of Somerset, and certain other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and that there is not less than Fifteen or more Miles of Road within the Limits of the said Act, that the Commissioners therein named have not made for Want of Money; and that there is almost, if not full, so much of the said Road that the said Commissioners have begun and left unfinished, and thereby have laid many Burthens and Incumbrances on the Petitioners, and others, the Inhabitants and Landholders within the several Parishes through which the said Roads have been so neglected; and that, though there are not less than Seven Toll Gates erected on the several Branches of Road, yet the Money received at the several Gates do not do more than pay the several Toll Gatherers, and the Interest of the Money advanced, and nothing is or hath, for some Years past, been done to support such Parts of the said Roads as are made, beyond the common Parish Duty, which the Commissioners oblige the Parishes to do, to the Prejudice of the other Roads within the said Parishes; and that the Majority of the Commissioners, acting under the re-

cited

y

HudderfSdd and Per.iitone Road Bill, presented;

Petition against Whif- tie Bridge and Charminster, &c. Roads Bill.

38Ge6.HL 19° Martii. 383

Cited Ad, at 1 Meeting CQnvened to consider of.an though the Distance 'between the Towns of Application to Parliament for a Renewal of the lame, and from Dorchester will not be extended beyond

resolved, notwithstanding the several Fads and Cir- One Fourth of a Mile', yet that Fourth may be a cumstances above-mentioned, contrary to the Wilhes, Means of the Traveller's paying for-an extraordinary and against the Inclinations of Numbers, and to the Mile, and the Extension of the Road to will

Prejudice ofajl the Mortgagees of the Tolls on the said lay a more considerable Burthen.on them: And there-Roads, to leave out a certain Line of Road from a Place fore praying. That the intended Clause for Hopping called Grimstone Water, which divides the said Parishes up the present Road from Water to the said

of Framptonand Stratton, to the North Well End of the North West End of the Parish of , and for

said Parish of Stratton, in the Road from the Towns of carrying the Road , through the Village of Crewkerne and Teovil, to the-Town of Dorchester, con- also for-. Hopping up the present Road leading from taining in Length about One Mile, which is not only Frampton Gate to Bridport, and erecting a new Toll the ancient Road, but is the direct and straight Road, House and Toll Gate in Grimstone be reject-

and hath been made at considerable Expence, and now ed, as injurious to particular Parishes, to the Mortgagees is as good, durable, and well made Piece of Road, if not of the Tolls of both Burton Gate and the recited Act, better, than any within the Limits of the said Act; as also to the Public in general, and though they have nit Money enough, by at least Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the £. 1,500, to make and finish the Roads mentioned in Table, until the Bill for continuing and altering an the recited Act, yet, in lieu of the Road they wish- to Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of exclude, they propose to make a new expensive Piece His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads, from of Road from the said Place called Grimstone Water, to Whijlle Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the Coun-<he said North West End of the said Parish of Stratton, ty of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish on a Round through other Parts of the said Parish of of Charminjlet, in the County of from the

Stratton, and Village of Grimstone, within the said Parish, Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of which will, besides the ordinary Expence of making. Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of be attended with the additional Expence, to some Poor Dorset; from Furze Moor Gate in the Parish of -Copyholders, of forming such new Road into Lanes, ' winfor, to Water, in the Parish of;

and to the Mortgagees or Commissioners, of building from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beaminster, to a new Toll House, as in such same the present Turn- the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe-, from pike House and Gate, at the End of the said Parish of UpfydlingEwe Leaze, to the Town of Cerne Abbas', Frampton, is intended to be removed to an Alh Tree in and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Western the Place called Grimstone Mead, which will take Tra- Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of vellers from all Parts to and from Dorchester aforesaid Dorset-, and for more effectually turning, altering, and about One Fourth of a Mile farther than the present improving the said Roads, be read a Second Time.

Road, through a very narrow inconvenient Village,

and, if Authority should be given to turn such Road Mr. Patten reported from the Committee, to whom Hawarden in-and crest such new Toll House (which at present is the Bill-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the restricted) the present Carriage Road leading through Commons and Waste Lands in the Townships of Brough-Frampton, over the County Bridge, to and from the ton, and within the Manor and Pa-

Towns of Cerne Abbas," Syd/ing Saint Nicholas, Maiden rish of Hawarden, in the County of was com-

Newton, Frampton, and other Places, to the Town of Brid- mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found port, in the said County, it is intended Giall be shut up, that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to' unless for the Conveniency of one or more Persons Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that who live near it, by which Means the Carriage Road the Committee had examined the Allegations of the from the several Towns and Places last mentioned to Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the the Town of Bridport aforesaid, and other Places in Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, the said County of Dorset, will be turned not less to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Prolan Two Miles farther than the present Road is, prietor of an Estate, of the Annual Value of £.20, withotit any Advantage whatever beyond that of easing who refused to sign the Bill; and the Proprietor of an the Parish of Frampton of the Burthen of repairing Estate, of the Annual Value of £. 16, who declare about Three Miles of Road, and laying the Onus on himself neuter; and also, the Proprietor of an Estate, the Parishes of Stratton and Bradford Peverell, in the of the Annual Value of £. 10, who could not be met fai l County of Dorset; and that, if Power is'given to with; and that the whole Annual Value of Estates erect such new intended Toll House and Gate, it will to be affected by the Bill amounts to£. 4,874. 13; materially injure a Turnpike Gate, called Burton Gate, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to on the Road between the Towns of Sherborne and Dor- oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone chester, which was erected under an Act, passed many' through the Bill, and made several Amendments there -Years before the above recited Act, for, if Travellers unto, which they had directed him to report to the are carried to the intended Gate South East of Grim- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and fane, from whence it is designed a Road shall branch afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, towards Weymouthfthrough other Part of Grimstone in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were

Meadow, to and over a dangerous Water, called Muckle- Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One ford Water.,within the Parish of Stratton aforesaid, such by One; and, upon the Question seventlly put there-new Branch will draw Numbers of Travellers, and all upon, were agreed to by the House. the Neighbourhood, over such new Branch, through Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Parishes of Bradford Peverell to Dorchester, without ingrossed. going to the said Gate, called Burton Gate, it being

rather nearer from the new intended Gate in Grimstone Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentle- Member add-Meadow to Dorchester through Bradford Peverell than men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a tviitarSon through Stratton by Way ot Burton Gate, by which Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right laclosure Bill. Means the latter Gate will be evaded, to prevent which . honourable Lewis Thomas Lord Sondes, Lord of the Ma-the recited Act hath a restrictive Clause prohibiting nor of Wilbarfton, in the County of Northampton, Impro-any Toll Gate from being erected nearer Burton Gate priator of the Impropriate Rectory, and Patron, of the than Grimstone Water aforesaid, which is about Half a Vicarage and Parish Church of Wilbarfton aforesaid, and.

Mile farther distant from Burton Gate than the Place also a Proprietor of Land in the Open-and Common where the new Gate is meant to be placed; and that, Fields, Compton Meadows, Common Pastures, Cotn-Vol. 53. moaable

Wilbarflon Inclosure Bill] prefculed.

Stanton In- closure BiJl, reported.

Kelmfcot Inclosure Bill, puffed.

Crofsford Bridge and Manchester Road Bill, committed.

St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, Poor Bill, committed.

384 19 6 Martii. . 1798,

monableLands, and Waste Grounds, in Wilbarftonafore- and also an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the-, said, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Henry Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend Knapp, Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage and Parish the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Church, Sir John Palmer, Baronet, Maria Alicia Adams, His present Majesty, and for granting further Powers

Handy n Harris, Bryan Ward, and WilliamiV/V/w/r, Proprie- for carrying the same into Effect, was read a Second

tors also of Land in the said Open and Common Fields. Time.

Refo That the Bill be committed to Mr. - Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to waring, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this Af-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-Comtnon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, ber.

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are of Wi/barjion, in the County of Northampton: And the thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses, or other st. Uo rd . same was received; and read the First Time. Buildings, situate in the Parish of Leonard Shore- against st.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ditch, in the County of or Inhabitants of the sho ditch

laid Parish, was presented to the House, and read; PoorB.il.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the same would, if passed into a Law, be extremely the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lam- oppressive and injurious to such of the Petitioners as mas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within are Owners of Houses and Buildings let at aftfs Annual the Manor and Parish of Stanton, in the County of Rent than £. io in the said Parish, would introduce Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had exa- great Fraud and Collusion between the Landlords and mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Tenants of such Houses and Buildings, would, in its House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- Conferences, tend greatly to increase the Poors Rates plied with; and that the Committee had examined within the same Parish, and be Very injurious to the the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Inhabitants thereof; and that the Provisions of the said true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Acts, of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- present Majesty's Reign, if duly enforced, are fully fuf-mittee (except the Owners of Property assessed to the ficient for the Recovery of the Poors Rates to be paid Poors Rate at £. 90 per Annum, who refused to sign the in respect of Houses, or other Buildings, let at a left Bill; and also, except the Owners cf Property assessed Yearly Rent than 10; and that the said Bill, if passed at £. 134 per Annum, who were neuter; and also, except into a Law, by transferring the Poors Rates from the

the Owners of Property affclled at £'. 22 per Annum, who Occupiers to the Owners of Houses let at a left Yearly could not be met with; and that the whole Property Kent ,than £. 10, would introduce an unnecessary In belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is novation on the general Law of the Country, without assessed at £. 1,952 per Annum, or thereabouts; and being productive of any local Advantage to the said that no Person appeared beiore the Committee to of- Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone by their Counsel,. against the said Bill, and that the through The Bill, and made several Amendments there- same may not pass into a Law.

unto, which they had directed him to report to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, in at tHfc Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their ' Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Petition, if they think fit.;

Consideration Tomorrow Morning. ' Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Aningrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pal- Petition.

tures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Willoughby Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Mncanton enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in Ronds Bill, the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- PresenteJ-jesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Tvla-jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Hedge, through

the Town of Mere, in the County of and through Wine anion to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port', and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in and from

Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Crol's Gate on Cattle Hill-, and from IVincanton to in the County of Somerset; and also for altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads communicating the rewith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Quantity of Coffee exported from the pfrom Island of Jamaica, for the last Seven Years; distinguish- Jamaica and ing each Year. ®ritain»

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an or Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Coffee,

and

Hamlet of Kelmfcot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Kelmfcot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for more effectually widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and to the Town of

Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, Stc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard " Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land " for a Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish," 6

38 Geo. Ill: i90 ‘Ma385

f I t i ‘ r ' 1

and its Value, as computed by the Inspector. General, be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Sol-

exported from Great Britain for the last Five Years, and diers.

to what Parts} distinguishing each Year. . That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Report re-i'pecting the Clock and Watch Duty A t\.

<fciarantine, &c. Bill, psLffed.

Innkeeper Bill, passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which, upon the 27 th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which had been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,- " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Clocks and Watches," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several other Resolutions; which they had directed him to report-, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Feign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Performance of Quarantine; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof; and to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Performance of Quarantine; for

?unishing Persons aefting contrary to any Order in Council which may be made for laying any Embargo on Ships or Vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof; to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences; for permitting Wines put on board any of His Majesty's Ships to be removed from one Ship to another, without being first landed and warehoused; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Wines delivered into the Charge of the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Falmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to Vol. 53.

., Mr. Charles Dundasreported from the Committee, to Kennct and whom the Bill to vary the Line of the Kennet and Ba wpwtedi Canal, authorized to be made by Two Act s, pc lied in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend the said Acts, was committed; That the Committee, had examined the Allegations- of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have aflfented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect of the said Bill, as required by the Standing- Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and all'o the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for making Compensation to the Bill for mak-Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirty- Lands pur. fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works p ? in the Counties of Kent and Deand to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Loss or Damage in Consequence of the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Loss or Damage in Consequence of the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upor/this Day Seven- Militia ftw night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bil,» d teuvA House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ways and

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the dcfer‘

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply-granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply, de-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the fc"ed whole House, to consider. further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder have Leave to make a Mo-, tion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and;

An Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning " Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, " occupying the Cutting of Leather," was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

B‘ll to amend Act concerning the Cutting of Leather, ordered *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clocks

5 F JSfartis,

38 6

20° Martii- A. 1798.

Mart is, 20®

Anno 38 Georgii III. 11 R'egis, 1798.

v

Prayers.

Warkt; Ty TR; John Pitt reported from the Committee, tb K-ncht 3 Na!i XVjL whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-and'pafrecL ' > tuled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

®ore»! Incl°- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

paired.' Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bozeat, in the County of , was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

G1°u fter A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Sam, Ac.1"1" made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-Roads Bill, sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads committed. leading from the City of , towards Cheltenham

and Yewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Berkeley, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton, in the County of Suffolk, was Committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 1

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee to Gifleham aid whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, closure'BilC Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within reported, the Parishes of Gifleham and Pakcfield, in the County of Suffolk, was committed) That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 11 per Annum, who refuled to sign the Bill; and also, the Owners of Estates assessed at £. az per Annum, who could riot be iuet.with; and that the whole Amount of the Property, interested in the Inclostire, is act'effect at .£.628. ior. per Annum', and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill to amend . A Bill for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, Act'/commit- for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first ted.' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bastard, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Dumfries An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several

RffdS Bill' R°ad$ in the County of Dumfries, and for converting paMe the Statute Labour within the said County into Money,

and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, to continue in Force until the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Nineteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Laurie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report of . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report, which was made further con'fi- from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, Uered. allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, H.alf-

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to Reydon ta-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, 5 ,

Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Reydon, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.92. 8

per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Owners of Estates assessed at f. 1. 3 s. 4 per Annum, who were neuter; and that the whole Amount of the Property, interested in the Inclosure, is assessed at £.415. 8r. 4 d.per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburn:, of Lancashire, reported from the Manchester, Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually re- Rochdale, and

J . B try Roads pairing, Bill, reported.

Whiftte Bridge and Charminster, &c. Roads Bill, commit-ltd.

Petition against, referred *

3iH for enlarging the Time of ap-

rommitted.

38 Geo. Iil.

20° Martii.

pairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from the Town of Manckejier, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Tow nth ip of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale-, and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Bejfes of the Bam, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place, called BeJJes of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane,

in the Township of Prestwich, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question -severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing and altering an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads, from Bridge, in

the Parish of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the County of Dorset; from the Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset-, from Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwinfto Water,

in the Parish of Beaminster; from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beaminster, to th DInn, in the Parish of Wooleombe; from Upfydling Ewe Leaze, to the Town of Cerne Ahbas; and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Weltern Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset; and for more effectually turning, altering, and improving, the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bankes, Mr. bafiard, fee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto affixed, residing in the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, Dorchester and Everfhett, in the County of Dorset, and Teovil and Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and in the several Parishes of South Perrott, Oheddington, Corf combe, Rampisham, Wrax-all, Chilfroom, Froom Saint Catfiock, Maiden

Newton, and Sydiing Saint Nicholas, in the County of Dorset, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for declaring the Validity of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated the Sixth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have elapsed in such Special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Mouse.

Vol. 53.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

» r

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Retort of Re Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which, upon the tainDuties, 27th Day of February last, was made from the Com: " srantillS mittee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House ih this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last SefiioA of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches;" and who were instructed also to consider of the several Duties on Inhabited Houses, Windows or Lights, Servants, Horses, Carriages, Horses used in Husbandry, and Dogs, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as foilow-eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, inhabited That the Duties on Inhabited Houses, granted by an House ‘

Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House and That the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, Wmdows-granted by several Acts, passed in the Sixth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-fever.th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, doccafe and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, MaleServants. That the Duties on Male Servants, granted by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Carriage . That the Duties on Carriages with Four Wheels, and with Two or Three Wheels, granted by Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Horses.

That the Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach or other Carriage (for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and which was transferred to, and placed under the Management of, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, was payable) granted by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D».

That the Duties on Horses and Mules, granted by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dog.

That the Duties on Dogs, granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, <C->°PfCenf. That the Duties of Ten Pounds per Centum, and Ten Taxes!'1 '11 Pounds per Centum on the Gross Amount of the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, granted by several Acts, made in the Thirty-first, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, inhabited That there be charged a Yearly Duty of Eight Pence in Ho18 -the Pound on all Inhabited Dwelling Houses, with the Household and other Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, which are or shall be worth the Rent of Five Pounds and upwards, and under Twenty Pounds by the Year; and a Yearly Duty of

One

MaleServants.

Carriages.

D°.

Horses.

388 20° Mar Hi. 1798 *

One Shilling 'in the Pound on all Inhabited Dwelling Houses, with their Appurtenances as aforesaid, which arc or shall be worth the Rent of Twenty Pounds and upwards, and under Forty Pounds by the Year; and a Yearly Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence in the Pound on all Inhabited Dwelling Houses, with their Appurtenances as aforesaid, which are or shall be worth the Kent of Forty Pounds and upwards by the Year; which respective Duties shall be over and above any other Duties on such Inhabited Dwelling Houses, imposed according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged upon every Person who shall retain and employ any Male Servant or Servants within the Kingdom of Great Britain (except Servants retained or employed solely for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufactures, or of any Trade or calling by which the Master or Mistress of such Servants earn a Livelihood) the feveraf Yearly Sums following; that is to say, for One Male Servant the Sum of One Pound and Ten Shillings, for Two Male Servants the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, for Three and not more than tour Male Servants the Sum of Two Pounds and Fourteen Shillings each, for Five and not more than Seven Male Servants, the Sum of Three Pounds and Six Shillings each, for Eight Male Servants the Sum of Three Pounds and Twelve Shillings each, for Niue Male Servants the Sum of Three Pounds and Eighteen Shillings each, for Ten Male Servants the Sum of Four Pounds and Four Shillings each, and for Eleven Male Servants and upwards the Sum of Four Pounds and Sixteen Shillings each.

Resolved, That'it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged upon every Male Person, never having been married, who shall retain or employ any Male Strvant or Servants, within the Kingdom of Great Britain (except as before excepted) the additional Yearly Sum of One Pound and Ten Shillings for every Male Servant retained or employed by him.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise with Four Wheels, or Caravan, or any Number thereof, for his or her own Use, or to let out to hire, shall be charged with the several Yearly Sums following; that is to say, One such Carriage, and no more, the Sum of Nine Pounds and Twelve Shillings for such Carriage; Two such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Ten Pounds and Four Shillings for each; Three such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds and Four Shillings for each; Four such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds and Eight Shillings for each; Five such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds and Eleven Shillings for each; Six fu£h Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds and Twelve Shillings for each; Seven such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence for each; and Eight such Carriages, or more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds and Fourteen Shillings for each.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, who shall keep any Calash, Chaise, or Chair, with Two or Three Wheels, drawn by One or more Horses, for his or her own Use, or to let out to Hird, shall be charged with an Annual Duty of Four Pounds and Four Shillings for every such Cala(h, Chaise, or Chair.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, who shall keep and use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, nr any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriage is now, or hereafter may be, called or known

(for, or in respect wheteof, any Rate or Duty, under the Management of the Commifuohers for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be payable) shall be pharged with the several Yearly Sums following; that is to say,_ Ono Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more, the Sum of One Pound and Four Shillings for such Horse, Mare or Gelding; Two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of One Pound and Sixteen Shillings for each; Three Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Surri of Two Pounds and Two Shillings lor each; Four Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, and no more the Sum of Two Pounds and Five Shillings for each; .

Five Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds and Six Shillings for each; Six Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings for each; Seven and not more than Eight Horses, Mares, or Geldings, the Sum of Two Pounds and Eleven Shillings for each-;

Nine Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence for each; Ten and not more than Twelve Horles, Mares, or Geldings, the Sum of Two Pounds and Twelve Shillings for each; Thirteen and not more than Sixteen Horses, Mares, or Geldings, the Sum of T.vo Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence for each; Seventeen Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds and Thirteen Shillings (breach; Eighteen Horses, Mares, or Gelding:., and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings anti Six Pence for each; Nineteen Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds and Fourteen Shillings for each; Twenty Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, or upwards, the Sum of Two Rounds and Fifteen Shillings for each.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Horst . That every Perfop, who/ shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding (not being charged with any Duty for such Horse, Mare, og Gelding, as a Horie, Mare, of Gelding, kept for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot *

Calash, Chaise, or other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriage is ncjw, or hereafter may. be, called o known, or any Mulfy, fli|ll be charged with an Annual Duty of Six Shillings fjor each such Horie, Mare, Gelding, or Mule. . '

Resolved, 'i'llat it.is the Opinion of this Committee, Dog That every Person, who shall keep any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tarrier, or who. shall keep Two or more Dogs, of whatever Description or Denomination, the same may be, shall be charged with an Annual Duty of Six ShiL lings for each Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tarrier, and all'o for each Dog where Two or more shall be lo kept; and every Person, who shall inhabit any Dwelling House aif (li.cf to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or on Windows or Lights, and shall keep One Dog, and no. more, such Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Pog, Spaniel, Lurcher, oY Tarrier,

shall be charged with an Annual Duty of Four Shillings for such Dog.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Taxed < That, for and upon every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, to be drawn by One Horse, Marc, or Gelding, kept to be used in the Affairs of Husbandry by any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or kept for the Purpose of carrying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Place to Place, in the Way of Trade, by any Person carrying on any Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby (although the same may occasionally be used by such Person, or his or her Servants, for other Purposes) which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wfood and Iron, without any Covering other than a tiited Covering, and without any Lining or Springs, or any Ornament what-

' r '

V

38 Geo. lit do0 Martiu 389

ever other than Paint of a dark Colour, for the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall have the Words " A Taxed Cart," and also the Owner's ' Name and Place of Abode thereon, and the Price of which (Repairs excepted) shall not have exceeded, or the Value whereof shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of Twelve Pounds Sterling, there shall be charged the Annual Sum of One Pound and Four Shillings.

Windows. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great , which shall not contain more than Six Windows or Lights (except such inhabited Dwelling Houses which shall be worth the llent of Five Pounds by the Year, and shall be charged tp any Rate or Duty according to the Rent thereof) there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Four Shillings and Six Pence.

D®. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, 'within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall not contain more than Six Windows or Lights, which shall be worth the llent of Five Pounds or upwards by the Year, and shall be charged to any Rate or Duty according to the Rent thereof, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Six Shillings.

D°. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Ten Shillings.

D°. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inr habited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eight Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifteen Shillings.

D#. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Nine Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of One Pound Two Shillings and Six Pence.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ten Window's or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of One Pound and Twelve Shillings.

D°. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eleven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds and Four Shillings.

D6- v Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twelve Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds and Sixteen Shillings.

D°- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Britain, which shall contain Thirteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Three Pounds and Eight Shillings.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Britain, which shall contain Fourteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Four — Pounds.

D Resolved, That is is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifteen Windows or Lights, and no more, Vol. 53.

there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Four Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Windows That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Sixteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds and Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, £>'-That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seventeen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Y'early Sum of Five Pounds and Sixteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eighteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Six Pounds and Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Nineteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Seven Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Seven Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°. That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-one Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Eight Pounds and Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°. That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great , which shall contain Twenty-two Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Eight Pounds and Sixteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be in-, habited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-three Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Nine Pounds and Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°. That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great which shall contain Twenty-four Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d°. That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-five Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, E>°. That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-six Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Eleven Pounds and Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, E>°. That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-seven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Eleven Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D". That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be in-

5 G habited.

3oo 20° Martiu . 1798 *

habited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which > shall contain Twenty-eight Windows or Lights, and no

more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twelve Pounds and Two Shillings.

Windows. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great , which shall contain Twenty-nine Windows or Lights, and no mone, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twelve Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

j>. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ITiaf, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirteen Pounds and Two Shillings.

D®. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-one Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirteen Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

D . Resolved, That it is the'Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-two Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fourteen Pounds and Two Shillings.

D°. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-three Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fourteen Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

D°. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great ,which shall contain Thirty-four Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds and Two Shillings.

E®. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-five Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

C®. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited," within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-six Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Sixteen Pounds.

D®. ReJ'o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-seven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Sixteen Pounds and Eight Shillings.

D®. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-eight Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Sixteen Pounds and Sixteen Shillings.

D®. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-nine Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Seventeen

Pounds and Two Shillings.

E®. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or tq be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Forty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Forty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Seventeen Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Windows. That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Forty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Forty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Nineteen Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Fifty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Britain, which shall contain Sixty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Sixty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-three Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Sixty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Sixty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seventy Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Seventy-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-six Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is thd Opinion of this Committee, D®. That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seventy-five Windows or Lights, and shall -not contain more than Seventy-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-eight Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eighty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Eighty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-nine Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D0 That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eighty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Eighty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty-one Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D > That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ninety Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Ninety-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D". That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall

Windows.

D.

IX

D°.

IX

D°.

IX

IX

IX

D°.

Do.

38 Geo. III.

20° Martin

shall contain Ninety-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Ninety-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty-four Pounds.

Resolved, That it -is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great , which shall contain One hundred Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty-seven Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Ghat Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Ten Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Nineteen Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Forty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Twenty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Twenty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Forty-three Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Thirty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Thirty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Forty-six Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Forty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Forty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Forty-nine Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Fifty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifty-two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Sixty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Sixty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifty-five Pounds:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Seventy Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Seventy-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifty-eight Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Eighty Windows or Lights, and upwards, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Sixty-one Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain more than One hundred and Eighty Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of One hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That ,it is the Opinion of this Committee, VOL. 53.

That an Abatement shall be made of the Sum of Twa Shillings from the before-mentioned Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Premiums granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries," should be altered and continued for a further Term, and that the said Act should be amended.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public Offices, and for enforcing the personal Attendance of Persons holding Offices in the Public Service, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 1. After " Conspiracy," to insert "and " the Landing of King ."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reducing the Number of Holidays in certain Public Offices, and for enforcing the personal Attendance of Persons holding Offices in the Public Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry -the Bill to the Lords, and desire their , Concurrence,

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, " and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of LeatherAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, in the Ports of Savannah

" la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Bland

" of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Bland " of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Bland of " Dominica, and in the Port of NaJJ'au, in the Bland of " New Providence, one of the Bahama Blands, under

" certain

Report Expiring Laws.

Bill for reducing Holidays in Public Offices , passed.

Bill to amend A£i concerning Tanners, &c. presented.

Jamaica, &c. Free Ports A&, to be considered.

V.

The Lords have passed

ChatHelcTs Elute Bill.

Committee on Biu u> regu-l.'te cJert m O.Hte- in - he Customs.

Cirt nee Iter and Stroud Roads Bill, reported.

Chatfield's Elhite Bill, read.

392 20° — -21° Mar til A. 1798.

" certain Regulations and Restri<5lions," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said A<fl.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Popham.:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Chillingly, otherwise Chiddinglsin the County of 6fex, Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend Henry Chat fields Clerk, in him and his Heirs, and for substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Balcombe and , in the said

County, the Estate and Inheritance of the said Henry Chatfield, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy2i° die Martii\ .

9

Anno 3s0 Georgii III'" Regis, 1798.

rish of Chittinglyotherwise Chiddingly, in the County of SnJJ'ex , Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend Henry Chatfield, Clerk, in him and his Heirs, and for

substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Balcombe and Westhoathly, in the said County, the Estate and Inheritance of the said Henry Chatfield,'of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers of the Com- Company Bill, pany of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh, was com- reported. mitted;.That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments (were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Alderman Combe presented to the House, ac- st.Sepulchre's cording to Order, a Bill for rc-building the Workljoufe p j, of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Edinburgh the 8th Day of this Instant March, for reading a Se- Xotsttll"' . cond Time, upon Friday next, the Bill for enlarging deferred.' the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of

Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the hid Act, might be.read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencesterto the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge,

and also,'the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bijley, so far as the Bottom of all in the County of Glov.ccfler, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for'veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Pa-

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report on into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to w'hom the Petition of Joseph tion, further Bramah, of Piccadilly, in the County of considered.

Engineer, was referred.

And the said Report was again read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in Joseph Bramah, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of his Invention of a new Kind of Lock for Doors, Drawers, and other Purposes, throughout England and Wales and the Town of Berwick-iipon-Tzeced, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Pucker Stezvard and Mr. Ashley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Stanton in the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lam- plJn'eVu B'U mas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton, in the County of folk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to

9 ml

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

H'vnrckn In-cioliu t iiili, prilled.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Report of Resolutions for Repeal of certain Duties, and granting others, recommitted.

Address for Correspon-dence with Govenors, See. in the West Indies.

38 Geo. III.

21° Mart it.

393

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands in the Town-ships of Broughton, Pentrobhr, and Bannelly within the

Manor and Parish of HawarJetty in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands in the Townships of Broughton, Pentrobin, and Bannell, within the Manor and Parish of Planearden, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. Patten do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which " they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report 'be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, t-o whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which, upon the 27th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks and Watches;" and who were in-structed also to consider of the several Duties on Inhabited Houses, W indows or Lights, Servants, Horses, Carriages, Horses uicd in Husbandry, and Dogs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Repprt be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of such Correspondence as may have palfed between His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, and the Governors, or other Civil Authorities, in His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies, in pursuance of His gracious Directions concerning the Address of this House to His Majesty on the 6th of April last.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Vol. 53.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Paptrs relat-of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the pnjbner Tr Transport Board, dated the 24th of February 1798. dered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. , dated the 25th of February 1798;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Captain Charles Henry Lane, of the Royal Navy, to Mr. Nepean, dated the 25th of February 1798, with one Inclosure.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated the 24th of February 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Weekes, Surgeon of the Chatham Hospital Ship at Falmouth, to the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, dated the 14th of March 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Gallois, dated the 27th of February 1798; with one Inclosure.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the.

Transport Board, dated the 27th of February 1798; with one Inclosure.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from M. Gallois to the Transport Boaid; with a Translation; dated the 26th of February 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board to Captain Cotes, dated the 26th of February 1798.

The House being informed that Mr. Whitehead, Se- Papers from cretary to the Transport Board, attended at the Door; officefrstat-he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ing to French pursuant to their Orders, Prisoners,

N° 1. A Statement of the general Treatment of Pri- present foners of War in Health since the ift of January 1796; inclosing.

Scheme of Victualling for French Prisoners of War in Health from the ift of 1797:

Form of the Contracts usually entered into by the Transport Board, for the Victualling of Prisoners of War in Health;

Rules to be observed by the Prisoners of War in Great Britain, Ireland, &c.

Extract from the Report of Commissioners Otway and Joknston, on the State of the Prisons and Hospitals of Portchester and for ton, dated 18th December 1796:

Extract from a Report of Commissioners Otway and Johnston, on the State of the Prison and Prisoners at Stapleton, near Bristol, dated 3d January 1797:

Extract from the Report of Commissioner Otway, on the State of the Prison and Prisoners at Norman . Cross, dated 18th May 1797:

Extract from the Report of Commissioner Serle, on the State of the Prisons and Prisoners confined at Pettryn and Pembroke, and on Parole at Bodmin,

Callington, and Carmarthen, dated 7th July 1797:

Extract from the Report of Commissioner Otway, on the State of the Prisons, Prison Ships, and Prisoners, at Portchester and Forton; also, on the Prisoners on Parole at Alresford, Waltham,

and Petersfte/d, dated 7th Au.gust 1797:

Extract from the Report of Commissioner Schank, on the State of the Prisons and Prisoners at and near Plymouth and Bristol, dated August

1797:

Extract from the Report of Commissioner George, on the State'of the Prisons and Prisoners at Norman Cross and Liverpool, dated 20th September 1797:

5 H A Lift

L

3P4

21° Martii.

A. 1798.

A Lift of the Ranks of French Prisoners of War, who were admitted to Parole, previous to the End of the Year 1796: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Expence incurred for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Health, between the 1 ft of January 1796 and the 31st of December 1797: And all'o,

N° 3. State of the Exchange of Prisoners of War between Great Britain and Franc, to the ift of January 1797: And also,

N° 4. State of the Exchange of Prisoners of War between Great Britain and France, since the ift of January 1797: And also,

N° 5. A progressive Weekly Account of the Number of French Prisoners of War detained in Great Britain and Ireland, from the ift of January 1796 to the 19th

of March 1798: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to Mr. Nepean, dated 12th January 1796: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from M. to the

Lords of the Admiralty, dated Lambeth, 22d January 1796: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 9th February 1796: And also,

N° 9. Extra# of a Letter from M. Charretie to the Transport, Board, dated London, nth February 1796; with a Translation: And also,

N° 10. Extra# of a Letter from M. Charretie to the Transport Board, dated 4th April 1796; with a Translation: And also,

N° 11. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated 22d 1796:

And also,

N° 12.' Copy of an Order from the Transport Board to the Agent for Prisoners at Plymouth, dated 30th April 1796: And also,

N° 13. Copy of an Engagement entered into by M. Bergeret, late Commander of the Virginie French Frigate, to procure the Iteleafe of Sir Sidney Smith in Exchange for him, dated 7th May 1796: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Note from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 7th May 1796; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from M. La Breteclie, Commandant of Havre, to the First Lieutenant of His Majesty's Ship Diamond, dated 18th April 1796;

with Translations: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a letter from Captain Bergeret (late Commander of the Virginie French Frigate) to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated 7th June 1796 j with a Translation: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from M. Charretii to the Transport Board, dated 1 ith 1796; with a Translation: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from M. Charretie to- the Transport Board, dated 31st August 1796; with a Translation j and inclosing.

Projet of a General Cartel for the Exchange of Prisoners of War, between Great Britain and France: And also,

N° 18. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated -14th September 1796} inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Duudas to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated Parliament Street, 9th September 1796: And also,

N° 19. Copy ot an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated 19th September 1796: And also,

N" 20. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 22d September 1796: And also, N® 21. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Nepean to the Transport Board, dated 26th 1796; inclos-

>«g '

Copy of a Letter from M. P. O. D. Afp to Lord

Grenville, dated lion:land Street, 23d September 1796; and oi a Loiter from the Baron de Stael

to the Baron de Silverhjelf, dated Paris, 23d August 1796: And also,

N® 22. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 28th September 1796: And also,

N® 23. Copy of a. Letter of Instru#ions from the Transport Board to Mr. Swinburne, dated 2d November 1796: And also, >

N® 24. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Minister of Marine and Colonies at dated 17th

November 1796, with a Translation: And also,

N® 25. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. to

the Minister of Marine and the Colonies, dated 18th November 1796} with a Translation': And also,

N® 26. Copy of a Letter from Mr. J. at

Dunkirk, to Mr. Swinburne, dated 19th ,1796;

and of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Commission of Exchange at Paris, dated 25th December 1796; with a Translation: And also,

N® 27. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Paris, 10th January 1797: And also,

N® 28. Copy of Circular Instru#ion to Captains fu-perintending Prison Ships at Portsmouth, Plymouth, and in The Medway, dated. Admiralty 10th 1797:

And also,

N® 29. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Paris, 19th January 1797; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Commission of Exchange at Paris, dated the 16th January 1797; with a Translation: And also,

N® 30. Extra# of a Letter from the Transport Board to Mr. Swinburne, dated 28th January 1797; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated 20th January 1797: *

Allowances to be made to British Prisoners of War in France: And also,

N® 31. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Paris, 6th Febniary, 1797: And also,

N° 32. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Fontainbleau, 17th February 1797; inclosing.

Copy and Translation of a Letter from the Commission of Exchange to Mr. Swinburne, dated Paris, 16th February 1797:

Copy of the Preliminary Convention for the Exchange of Prisoners entered into by Mr. Swinburne and the Commission of Exchange at Paris, dated 17th February 1797; with a Translation: And also,

N° 33. Extra# of a Letter from the Transport Board to Mr. Szviuburne, dated 18th February 1797: And also,

N° 3 . Copy of a Letter from the Commission of Exchange to Mr. Swinburne, dated Paris, 23d February 1797; with an additional Article to the Preliminary Convention of the 17th February 1797; and Translations: And also,

N° 35. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Paris, 25th February 1797; with the annexed Copy and Translation of a Letter from the Minister of Justice to Mr. Swinburne, dated 19th February 1797: And also,

N° 36. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 20th March 1797: And also,

N" 37. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to Mr. Swinburne, dated 20th March 1797; inclosing,

' Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Duudas to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated 15th March 1797: And also,

N° 38. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Paris, ift April 1797

with

v.

38 Geo. III.

2i° Ma

395

with the annexed Copies and Translations of a Letter Certificate of the and French Surgeons

from the Minister of Marine to him, and of an Arrete ®t , dated 26th October 1797:

of the Executive Directory therein inclosed: Andalfo And also,

M° 39. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board N 58. Copy of a Letter from M. to the

to Mr. Swinburne, at Fontainbleau, dated 15th May transport Board, dated Bath, 31st October 1797; with

a Translation: And also,

N# 59. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated 11th

1797; inclosing,

Extract of a Letter from Major General Sir Hugh Dalrymple to Colonel , dated Guem-

fey, 18th April 1797:

Copy of a Declaration respecting the Treatment of British Prisoners of War confined in Prison near Brejl: And also,

N° 40. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board to Mr. Swinburne, dated 19th 1797: And also, N°4i. Copy of a Letter from the Commission of Exchange at Paris to Mr. Swinburne, dated 25th June 1797; with a Translation: And also,

N° 42. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Fontainbleau, 7 th July 1797> inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Executive Directory, dated Fontainbleau, ed July 1797 -with a Translation: Andalfo,

her 1797-, inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated Parliament Street, 10th November 1797: Andalfo,

N° 60. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to Mi Charretii, dated 13th November 1797: And also, N" 61. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Paris, 25th November 1797 j with the annexed Copy and Translation of a Letter from the Minister of Marine to him, dated 21st ber 1797: And also,

N# 62. Copy of a Letter of Instructions from the Transport Board to Captain , dated ift December 1797: Andalfo,

N° 63. Copy of a Letter of additional Instructions

N° 43. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board f ni the Transport Board to Captain dated ift to Mr. Nepean, dated 8th August 1797: And also,

N" 44. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board to' M. Charretie, dated 17th August 1797: And also,

N° 45. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 25th August 1797: Andalfo,

N° 46. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 4th 'September 1797: And also,

N° 47. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Fontainbleau, 10th September the Transport Board, dated Paris, 17th December 1797:

December 1797: And also,

N 64. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Transport Board, dated Paris, nth December 1797 j inclosing,

Copy of an Arrete of the Executive Directory, dated 19th Frimaire, An. 6 (9th December 1797); with a Translation: Andalfo,

N# 65. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to

1797; inclosing,

Copy of an Arrete of the Executive Directory at Paris, 28th August 1797; with a Translation: And also,

N° 48. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 18th Septe 1797; And also, N° 49. Copy of a Letter, from M. Charretii to the Transport Board, dated 19th September 1797; with a Translation: And also,

N" 50. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 22d September 1797: Andalfo, N 5i. Copy of a Secret Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated 10th October 1797; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated 6th 1797: And also,

N° 52. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 12th October 1797; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable

Henry Dundas to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated 1798; inclosing.

And also,

N" 66. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board to Captain Cotes, dated 23d December 1797; inclosing. Copy of a Letter from the British Prisoners at Pontanezen to Mr. Nepean, dated 12 th OElobet

1797: r,

Copy of a Letter from M. Charretie to the Minister of Marine at Paris, dated 19 th November 1797 iwith a Translation:

Copies of Affidavits made by the Agent, Physician, and Surgeon, at Norman Crops Prison, dated 15th December 1797:

Copy of Certificate of the French Surgeons at Norman Crofs Prison, dated 15th December 1797 i

with a Translation: And also,

N° 67. Copy of a Letter from M. Charretii to the Transport Board, dated London, 26th December 1797 j with a Translation: And also,

N 68. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated 4th January

6th October 1797: And also,

N°53. Copy of a Letter from M. Charretii to the Transport Board, dated 13th October 1797 i with a Translation: And also,

N" 54. Copy of a Letter from M. Charretii to the Transport Board,'dated 15th October 1797; with a Decree of the Executive Directory, dated 13th September 1797 , and Translations: Andalfo,

N° 55. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretie, dated 18th October 1797: And also,

N 56. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Swinburne to the Transport Board, dated Fontainbleau, 26th October 1797} inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from the Commission of Exchange to Mr. Swinburne, dated Paris, 20th October 1797; with a Translation: And also,

N° 57. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretii, dated 27th October 1797', inclosing, Extract from the " Poftillon de Calais Journal de Frauen is," dated 16th October 1797:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated 31st December 1797: Andalfo,

N° 69. Copy of a Letter from M. Charretii to the Transport Board, dated 5th January 1798; with a Translation; and also,

N° 70. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Charretii, dated 5th January 179S: And also,

N° 71. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Transport Board, dated Paris,6th January 1798: And also,

N° 72. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to Captain Cotes, dated 7th January 1798; inclosing. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated 31st December 1797: And also,

N° 73. Copy of a Letter from M. Nettement to the Transport Board, dated 9th January 1798; with a Translation: And alfor

N° 74. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board Copy of a Letter from Mr. Holmwcod, Agent to Captain Cotes, dated 10th January 1798; inclosing, for Prisoners of War at Portchester, to the Trans- Copy of a Scheme of Victualling for British

port Board, dated 26th October 1707 :. Prisoners of War in Health: And also.

Vol. 53. 8 N‘ 75-

3 96 2i° Mar Hi. A. 17 q-8 .

N° 75. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Transport Board, dated Paris, nth January 1798: And also,

N® 76. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board to Captain Cotes, dated 13th January 1798: And also, N® 77. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Transport Board, dated 21st January 1798; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Commission of Exchange at Paris to Captain , dated 28 Nivofe An. 6, or 17 January 1798; with a Translation: And also,

N® 78. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Transport Board, dated 26th January 1798: And also,

N® 79. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board to Captain Cotes, dated 29th January 1798: And also, N® 80. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Transport Board, dated 30th January 1798; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Commission of Exchange at , dated 29th nuary 1798; with a Translation.

Table of the Corresponding Ranks in the and French Service, with their proposed Value in Men or Money; with a Translation: And also, N°8i. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Transport Board, dated Paris, 4th February 1798; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Commission of Exchange at Paris to Captain Cotes, dated 4th February 1798; with a Translation: And also,

N® 8a. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board to Captain Cotes, dated 5th February 1798; inclosing. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Nepean to the Transport Board, dated 3d February 1798:

Copy of an Engagement entered into by M. Bergeret, late Commander of the Virginie French Frigate, dated 12th January 1798: And also,

N® 83. Copy of a Letter from M. Nettement to the Transport Board, dated 6th February 1798) with annexed Extract of a Letter from the Minister of Marine to him, dated Paris,16th January 1798; and Translations: And also,

N® 84. Copy of a Note from M. Gallois to the Transport Board, dated 16th February 1798; inclosing. Copy of a Letter from the Minister of the Marine to M. Gallois, dated ift December 1797;

with annexed Decree of the Executive Directory, dated the 28th November 1797; and Translations: And also,

N® 85. Copy of a Letter from M. Gallois to the Transjiort Board, dated. 17th February 1798; with a Translation: And also,

N® 86. Copy of a Letter from M. Gallois to the Transport Board, dated 17th February 1798} with a Translation: And also,

N® 87. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Transport Board, dated Paris, 17th February 1798; in-dosing.

Copy of a Letter from the Commission of Exchange at Paris to Captain Cotes, dated 16th Feb-

ruary 1798: And also,

N® 88. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board to Captain Cotes, dated 17th February 1798: And also, N® 89. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated 24th February 1798; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated P Street,

21 ft February 1798: And also,

N® 90. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated 24th February 1798; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated Parliament Street, 23d February 1798: And also,

N® 91. Copy of a Letter from Captain Charles Henry Lane, of the Royal Navy, to Mr. Nepeadated Plymouth, 25th February 1798; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from I. Fochez to Captain Henry Lane, dated Plymouth, 7th February 1798:

And also,

N®92. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Gallois, dated 25th February 1798: And also, >

N° 93. Copy of a Letter from M. Gallois to the Transport Board, dated 26th February 1798; with a Translation: And also,

N® 94. Extract of a Letter from the Transport Board to Captain Cotes, dated 26th February 1798: And also,

N® 95. Copy of an Order from the Lards of the Admiralty to the Transport Board, dated 27 th February 1798; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated Parliament Street, 27th February 1798: And also,

N® 96. Copy of a Letter from the Transport Board to M. Gallois, dated 27th February 1798; inclosing.

Copy of the Duke of Portland's Passport to M.

Gallois, dated 27th February 1798.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

1'he said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Stewart, from Papers from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, at- officTrelatine tended at the Door; he was called inj and, at the Bar, toFrenchPn-presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, farted! pW"

An Account of the Proceedings of the Sick and Hurt Office, in respect to Prisoners of War confined in this Kingdom; together with an Account of the Expence incurred for the Maintenance of Prisoners during the present War, distinguishing the Expence of each Year; and also, a Statement of the Daily or Weekly Allowances of Provisions for each Prisoner; and an Account of the Rations issued Daily by French Agents to Sick French Prisoners in this Kingdom, since the ill February 1798: And also,

Copy of the Instructions giyen by the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen to the Agents at the different Prisons: And also.

Copy of the Instructions given to the Surgeon during the Time the whole Management of Prisoners of War remained with the Sick and Hurt Board: And also.

Copy of an Order from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen to Sir Frederick Morton Eden,

Baronet, dated 9th March 1795; inclosing,

Copy of an Order from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, dated 24th February 1795:

Copy of the Cartel for the Exchange of all Prisoners taken at Sea between Great Britain and France, and brought into Europe, dated 28th March 1780:

And also,

Memorandum for Sir Frederick Morton Eden, Baronet, dated 9th March 1795: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Frederick Morton Eden,

Baronet, to the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, dated 12 th March 1795: And also,

Copy of an Order from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen to Sir Frederick Morton Eden,

Baronet, dated the 20th March 1795: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Frederick Morton Eden,

Baronet, to the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, dated 17 th May 1795; inclosing,

Copy of a Note from Sir Frederick Morton Eden,

Baronet, to P, I. B. Comeyras, dated at. Dieppe, ift May 1795.

Copy

38 GEO. III. 2i° — 22° M397

Copy of a Note from I. B. to Sir

Frederick Morton Eden, Baronet, dated at Dieppe-, 2d May 1795:

Copy of a Note from Sir Frederick Morton Eden, Baronet, to P. 1. B. Comeyras, dated at Dieppe, 6th May 1795:

Copy of a Note from B. Comeyras to Sir Frederick Morton Eden, Baronet, dated at- .

7th May 1795:

Copy of a Note from Sir Frederick Morton Eden, . Baronet, to P. I. B. Comeyras, dated at Dieppe, 7th Flay 1795:

Copy of a Note from Sir Frederick Merton Eden, Baronet, to P. I. B. Comeyras, dated at Dieppe, 8th May 1795: And also.

An Account of the Expence incurred for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War, during the present War, distinguishing the Expence of each Year: And also,

Copy of the Contract entered into by the French Agent for the Subsistence and Medical Treatment of Sick French Prisoners at Plymouth-. And also,

Ab(Irati of the Number of British Prisoners brought from France, and of French Prisoners, sent to in

Cartel Vessels, in the Years 1793, 1794, and 1795, as appears by Returns received at the Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen: And also,

Abstract of the Number of French Prisoners who have died in England in the Years 1793, 1794 1795» 1796, 1797, and 1798: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Surgeon of the

Chatham Hospital Ship, at Falmouth, to the Commissioners for 'Sick and Wounded Seamen, dated 14th March 1793.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles ,of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lv.cea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Itland of Grenada, in the Port of in the Island

of Dominic a,' and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of

New Providence, one of the Bahama lllands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.....;

And the Lord Howkesbury moved the House accordingly. ' ' . - .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to {?rap 'rt&c' amend an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the gin, ordered. Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port

of Ro/eau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama lllands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And that the Lord Hawkejbxcry, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- SjjNty de" ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 2 2° die Martii;

Bin to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Aa concern- Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Se-j£c. deferred.cond Year of the Reign of King Janies the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting " of Leather," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

0, dered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Jamaica, &c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, yJa. °rt to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Alar, Montego Bay, and "'Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of " Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of " Ro/eau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of " Nassau in the Island of Providence, one of the " Bahama lllands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hawkesbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hazvkelbury reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. The Lord Hazvkesbury. accordingly reported from the

Vol. 53.

Annox 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Irving, In- Accounts of speftor General of the Imports and Exports of f 0 m Great Britain, and the British Colonies, attended at Jamaica and the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Gr'at®"tair,i to the House, pursuant to their Orders, preen e.

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee exported from the Island of Jamaica, for the last Seven Years; distinguishing each Year: And also *

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Coffee, and its Value, as computed by the Inspector General, exported from Great Britain for the last Five Years, and to what Parts; distinguishing each Year *

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Edinburgh Merchant Company Bill# passed.

Mr. Jlobdrt, according to Order, reported from the Report Way. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- an" Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for

5 I raising

V

Premiums on Southern Whale Fi/he-riet.

Bill to amend

Jamaica, &c.

FreePortsA&>

presented.

Petitions in favour of Ship Owners Bill.

Answer to Address.

Correspondence with Governors, &c. in the West Indies, presented.

308 2 a0 Martii. A. 1798.

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Tame was re d; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Premiums granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries," should be altered and continued for a further Term, and that the said Act should be amended.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. . '

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr; Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, According to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay,

" and Santa Lucea in the 111 and of Jamaica,' in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the " Port of Rojeau in the Island of Dominica, and in the " Port ,of NaJJ'au in the Island of New Providence, one " of the Bahama lilands, under certain Regulations and " Restrictions:" And the same was received , and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in Dartmouth, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in the Town and County of Poole, and the Neighbourhood thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the Correspondence therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He had given Directions accordingly.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Circular Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to the Governors of the West India lilands,- dated Whitehall, 6th M 1797; inclosing. Copy of a Resolution of the House of Commons, dated 6th April 1797: And also,

N° a. Copy of a Letter from Governor Ricketts to Jiis Grace the Duke of Portland, dated Barbadoes, 5th July 1797: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. President Matson to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated Dominica, 10th July 1797: And also,

N° 4.' Copy of a'Letter from Governor Seton to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated St. 12th

July 1797; inclosing,'

Copy of the Answer received by Governor Seton from the Council and Assembly of St. Vincent's, dated 12th July 1797, in Reply to his Communication of the Duke of Portland's Letter, and the Resolution of the House of Commons of the 6tl» April 1797; And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Balcarres to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated 20th

August 1797: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Governor Green to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated Grenada, 13 th July 1797: And also,

N 7. Extract of a Letter from Governor Green to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated Grenada, 10th August 1797; inclosing.

Copy of the Message from Governor Green to the different Branches of the Legislature of Grenada, 24th July 1797:

Copy of the Answer of the Speaker and Gentlemen of the Assembly, 26th July 1797:

Extract from the Minutes of the Assembly, 25th July 1797: And also,

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Mr. President Thomp-Jon to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated St. Christopher' % , 19th July 1797: And also,

N° 9. Extract of a Letter from Mr. President -Jon to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated topher's, 14th October 1797; inclosing,

Resolutions of the Council and Assembly of the Island of Antigua:

Resolutions of the Committee of the Council and Assembly of St. appointed in

Consequence of the Resolution of the House of Commons of the 6th of April being laid before them:

Resolution of the Council and Assembly of St. Christopher's, in Consequence of an Application from the Council and Assembly of Antigua, to convene a General Council and Assembly of the Leeward Islands: And also,

N° xo. Extract from the Minutes of Assembly of Tobago, dated 29th August 1797.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were Yesterday presented to the House, by Mr. from

the Transport Board, and by Mr. Stewart, from the Commissioners for Sick and„Wounded Seamen, respecting the Treatment of Prisoners of War, be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir v

Snape Hamond, Mr. Henry Thornton, Lord Viscount

Belgrave, Mr. Baker, Lord Viscount Malden, Mr. IVII-braham Bootle, Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. Elford, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Jeffery, Sir Edward Mr.

Gascoyne, Mr. Stanley: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which, upon the 27th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several

.Papers relating to Prisoners of War, referred to a Committee.

Committee on re-committed Report of Re-solutions for Repeal of certain Duties, and granting others.

Address for Letter inclosing Petition from the Maroons *

Bill respecting Alieni, Ordered.

Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves, deferred.

Manchester, Koch dale, and Bury Roads Bill, paii'ed.

38 Geo. III. 22 — 230

veral Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of PaHiament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Clocks and Watches;" and who were in-strufted also to consider of the several Duties on Inhabited Houses, Windows or Lights, Servants, Horl'es, Carriages, Horses used in Husbandry, and Dogs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive t lie fame.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter, inclosing the Petition of the dated Halifax, April 23d, 1797.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing' Regulations " respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain Cafes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

j

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the flapping and carrying of Slaves in BritiJ/i Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. Rlackburn, of have

Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place calJcd The White

in the Township of Crumpfa/lto the Town of Rochdale;

and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Bef'esof the Barn, to the Town

of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Befjes of the Barn, to Radclife; and also the

Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Pres-tvich, all in the County Palatine of was read

the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 15. To leave out from " repealed" to " and" in Line 16.

Pr. 80. 1. 10. After "chargeable" to insert "to " the Repair of any Part of the "laid Roads."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, al-

Vol. 53.

Martii. 399

tering, and improving, the Road frortl the Town of Man-chef er, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the

Road from the said Place called The Smithy, by

a Place called Bef'es of the Bam, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Bef 'es of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Prefwich, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Rlackburne, of do carry

- the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 230 die

Anno 38 Georgii III. " Regis, 1798. Prayers.'

MR. Francis John Browne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Per-. whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for repairing the several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and respectively therein-

after described, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, so far as relates to the Notices directed to be given at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace at Michaelmas last; but that the Notices which were published in The Sherborne and Yeovil Mercury, The Salisbury and Win-chef er Journal, and The Dor chef er and Sherborne in the Months of August and September, did not, from Inadvertency, describe the Parishes through which the said Roads pal's, which Mistake having been discovered. Notices weri again published in The Sherborne and vil Mercury, and in The Salisbury and Winchester on the 2d, 9th, and' 16th Days of last, and in

The Dor chef er and Sherborne Journal on the 29 th Day of September, and the 6th and 13th Days of October last, describing the Parishes through which the said Roads pass; and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for impairing and widening the Road from the Top of -ham Hill, near the City of Nezv Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum, and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on in the County of Dorset; and the other, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum, and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on Asherwell Hill, in the County of Dorset, and from the Index Poll on the Side of Harnham aforesaid, to a House called Mafier Baker's Farm House, in the said County of Wilts, were read: And,

Mr. Robert Lambert being examined, laid, That th,e Trustees authorized to put the said Acts in Execution, have, pursuant to the Trustsreposed in them, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Sums, together with the said Tolls, fca

boen

stamhaxn Hill a'nd Dorchester Roads Petition, rt-ported.

400

been applied in carrying into Execution the several Purposes of the said Acts.

And the Witness further said. That a considerable Part of the Money so borrowed still remains due on the Security of the said Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads be kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act are further continued: Then,

Mr. John Tregonwell King and Mr. John

being examined, confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A. 1798.

render more effectual, an Act, passed in the! Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the Recovery of small Debts, and for the " relieving of poor Debtors, in ," and an Act,

passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests, in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

230 Martii.

Bradford Pe- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open sure Bill 0 and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands passed. ' and Grounds, within the Parish of Bradford P ever ell, in the County of DorJ'et, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of DorJ'et.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis John Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; intituled, "An Act for widening and improving the Entrance V into the City of London near Temple Bar; for making " a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; " and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, " a Sum of Money for those PurposesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramah's Mr. Tucker Steward presented to the House, accord-presente 11' nS to Order, a Bill for vesting in Joseph ,his

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of his Invention of a new Kind of Lock for Doors, Drawers, and other Purposes, throughout England and Wales and the Town of upon Tweed, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in Scarborough, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

HythePaving, Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom ported!1, " ,e EM for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and

watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town and Port of Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tkne, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wilbarfton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-incioiure Bill, mon Field S) Common Meadows, Common Pastures, commute . Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of IVilbarston, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to prevent

Frauds in the A< measurement of Coals v in London, presented *

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and house Hole, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Debu°Biiiar' The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, presented. ‘rcording ta Order, -a Bill to amend, explain, and

2

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, paflea in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to Penifione, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, which, upon day last, were presented to the -House, by Mr. White-head, from the Transport Board, and by Mr. Stewart, from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, respecting the Treatment of Prisoners of War, have Leave to lit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for declaring the Validity of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated the Sixth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after l'uch Time shall have elapsed in such Special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the further encouraging the Southern

Whale

Temple Bar Improvement Bill, presented.

Petition In favour of Ship Owners Bill.

Huddersfield and Penifione Road Bill, committed *

Additional Powers to Committee on Papers relating to Prisoners of War.

.House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Bill for en-l irging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes, deferred.

Southern Whale Fisheries Bill, presented.

Bill to amend Jamaica, &c. Free Ports committed.

Address for Lift of Pensions granted £nce 1792.

Accotmts ordered X

Civil Establishment,&c. of Corsica.

Bo - - of the Jfiand of Ceylon.

- of The Cape'ctf Good Hope.

38 Geo. III. 23° Martii 401

Whale Fisheries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and " Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la " Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island " of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of " Dominica, and in the Port of in the Island

" of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a List of Pensions granted since the ift Day of January 1792, together with the Names of the Persons to whom, or in Trust for whom, the said Pensionshave been granted, and the Amount of the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

t

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Expences incurred on Account of the Civil Establishmdnt of the Island of dif-

tinguishing the Dates of the several Appointments, the Salaries and other Emoluments attached to each, and the Date at which each respectively ceased to be paid: Also, an Account of all the Military Appointments (not being Regimental Promotions) occasioned by, or connected with, the Possession of the Island of Corsica by His Majesty's Forces; distinguishing the Dates of the several Appointments, the Pay and other Emoluments attached to each, and the Dates at which each respectively ceased to be paid; together with an Account of all Pensions, Gratuities, or other Emoluments, which may have been granted, or still continue to be paid, to any Officers, Civil or Military, employed in such Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of the Civil Establishment of the Pof-

l'essions in the Island of Ceylon, distinguishing the Dates

of the several Appointments, the Salaries, and other Emoluments, attached to each: Also, an Account of all the Military Appointments (not being Regimental Promotions) occasioned by, or connected with, the said Poflessions in the Island of Ceylon; distinguishing the Dates of the fcyeral Appointments, the Pay, and other Emoluments, attached to each.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Civil Establishment of The of Good Hope; distinguishing the Dates of the several Appointments, the Salaries, and other Emoluments, attached to each: Also, an Account of all the Military Appointments (not being Regimental Promotions) occasioned by, or connected with, the Pofi'elfion of The Cape of Good Hope by His Majesty's Forces; distinguishing the Dates of the several Appointments, the Pay, and other Emoluments, attached to each.

V01" 53 *

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one palLd in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen ' Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of and through IVincant on to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to MilbornePort; and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in ;'and from

Wincanton aforesaid to the -S her born Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset; and also for a'.. c.i..g, improving, and keeping in' Repair, several other Roads communicating the rewith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five o'f the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. HennikerMajor be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, entitled to Right of Common over certain Lands and Grounds in the Village or Hamlet of Cat cot, in the Parish of Mocrlinch, in the County of Somerset.

Mr, Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which, up>on the 27th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, appointed to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties " on Clocks and Watches;" and who were instructed also to consider of the several Duties on inhabited Houses, Windows or Lights, Servants, Horses, Carriages, Horses used in Husbandry, and Dogs, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That the Duties on Inhabited Houses, granted by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, granted by several Acts, passed in the Sixthv Twenty-fourth/and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Male Servants, granted by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Carriages with FourWheels, and with Two or Three Wheels, granted by Twro Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach or other Carriage (for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and which was transferred to, and placed under the Management of, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, was payable) granted by several Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth, Twenty-ninth, Thir-

5 K ty-sixth,

Willoughby Hedge and Wincanton Roads Hill committed.

Member added to bring m Catcot Division and Allotment Bill.

Report of Re-folurion; for Repeal of certain Duties, and granting others.

Inhabited

Houses.

Hcnfes and Windows.

Male Servants.

Carriages.

Horses.

L

Horses.

Dogs.

£10 per

Cents, on Af- fefl'ed Taxes.

Inhabited

Houses.

MalcServant.

D®.

Carriages.

402 23° Martii. . 1798.

ty-sixth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His riages, and no more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds and present Majesty, do cease and determine. Four Shillings for each; Four such Carriages, and no

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds and Eight Shillings for That the Duties on Horses and Mules, granted by Two each; Five such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Eleven Pounds and Eleven Shillings for each; Six such Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do ceasean d Carriages, and no more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds and determine. . Twelve Shillings for each; Seven such Carriages, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, no more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds Thirteen Shillings That the Duties on Dogs, granted by an Act, made and Six Pence for each; and Eight such Carriages, or in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present more, the Sum of Eleven Pounds and Fourteen Shillings Majesty, do cease and determine. for each.,.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, R That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Carriages. That the Duties of Ten Pounds per Centum, and Ten That every Person, who shall keep any Calalh, Chaise,

Pounds per Centum on the gross Amount of the several or Chair, with Two or Three Wheels, drawn by One or Rates and Duties under the Management of the Com- more Horses, for his or her own Use, or to let out to missioners for the Affairs of Taxes, granted by several Hire, shall be charged with an Annual Duty of Four Acts, made in the Thirty-first, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty- Pounds and Four Shillings for every such Calalh, seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, do Chaise, or.Chair.

cease and determine. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Horfti.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, who shall keep and use any Horse,

That there be charged a Yearly Duty of Eight Pence Mare, or Gelding, or Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, for in the Pound on all Inhabited Dwelling Houses, with the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing the Household and other Offices, Courts, Yards, and any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, or Gardens, therewith occupied, which are or shall be any other Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriage worth the Rent of Five Pounds and upwards, and un- is now, or hereafter may be, called or known (for, or in der Twenty Pounds by the Year; and a Yearly Duty respect whereof, any Rate or Duty, under the Manage-of One Shilling in the Pound on all Inhabited Dwel- ment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, ling Houses, with their Appurtenances as aforesaid, shall be payable) shall be charged with the several which are or shall be worth the Rent of Twenty Pounds Yearly Sums following; that is to say, One Horse, and upwards, and under Forty Pounds by the Year; Mare, or Gelding, and no more, the Sum of One Pound and a Yearly Duty of One Shilling nd Three Pence in and Four Shillings for such Horse, Mare, or Gelding; the Pound on all Inhabited Dwelling Houses, with their Two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Sum Appurtenances as aforesaid, which are or shall be worth of One Pound and Sixteen Shillings for each; Three the Rent of Forty Pounds and upwards by the Year; Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of which respective Duties shall be over and above any Two Pounds and Two Shillings for each; Four Horses, other Duties on such Inhabited Dwelling Houses, im- Mares, or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of Two posed according to the Number of Windows or Lights Pounds and Five Shillings for each; Five Horses, Mares, therein. or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Six Shillings for each; Six Horses, Mares, or Geldings,

That there be charged upon every Person who shall and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds and Ten Shil-retain and employ any Male Servant or Servants within lings for each; Seven and not more than Eight Horses, the Kingdom of Great Britain (except Servants retained Mares, or Geldings, the Sum of Two Pounds and or employed solely for the Purposes of Husbandry or Eleven Shillings for each; Nine Horses, Mares, or Manufactures, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Geldings, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds Eleven Mailer or Mistress of such Servants earn a Livelihood) Shillings and Six Pence for each; Ten and not more the several Yearly Sums following; that is to say. For than Twelve Horses, Mares, or Geldings, the Sum of One Male Servant the Sum of One Pound and Ten Two Pounds and Twelve Shillings for each; Thirteen Shillings, for Two Male Servants the Sum of Two and not more than Sixteen Horses, Mares, or Geldings,

Pounds and Two Shillings each, for Three and not more the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six than Four Male Servants the Sum of Two Pounds and Pence for each; Seventeen Horses, Mares, or Geldings,

Fourteen Shillings, each, for Five and not more than and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds and Thirteen Seven Male Servants the Sum of Three Pounds and Six Shillings for each; Eighteen Horses, Mares, or Geldings,

Shillings each, for Eight Male Servants the Sutn of and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds Thirteen Shil-Three Pounds and Twelve Shillings each, for Nine lings and Six Pence for each; Nineteen Horses, Maras,

Male Servants the Sum of Three Pounds and Eighteen or Geldings, and no more, the Sum of Two Pounds and,

Shillings each, for Ten Male Servants the Sum ot Four Fourteen Shillings for each; Twenty Horses, Mares, or Pounds and Four Shillings each, and for Eleven Male Geldings, or upwards, the Sum of Two Pounds and Servants and upwards the Sum of Four Pounds and Fifteen Shillings for each.

Sixteen Shillings each. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d».

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, who shall keep any Horse, Mare,

That there be charged upon every Male Person, never or Gelding (not being charged with any Duty for such having been married, who shall retain or employ any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, as a Horse, Mare, or Gelding,

Male Servant or Servants, within the Kingdom of Great kept for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of Britain (except as before excepted) the additional Yearly drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh,

Sum of One Pound and Ten Shillings for every Male Chaise, pr other Carriage) by whatsoever Name such Servant retained or employed by him. Carriage is now, or hereafter may be, called or known,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or any Mule, shall be charged with an Annual Duty That every Person, who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, of Six Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise Marine, Chaise with Mule.

Four Wheels, or Caravan, or any Number thereof, for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dog his or her own Use, or to let out to Hire, shall be That every Person, who shall keep any Greyhound, charged with the several Yearly Sums following; that Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or is to lay. One such Carriage, and no more, the Sum of Tamer, or who shall keep Two or more Dogs, of what-Nine Pounds and Twelve Shillings for such Carriage; ever Description or Denomination the same may be.

Two such Carriages, and no more, the Sum of len shall bfc charged with an Annual Duty of Six Shillings Pounds and Four Shillings for each; Three fugh Car- for each Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog,

6 Spaniel,

N

38 Geo. III. 230 Marti't.

403

Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tarrier, and also for each Dog where Two or more shall be' so kept; and every Person, who shall inhabit any Dwelling House assessed to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or on Windows or Lights, and shall keep One Dog, and no more, such Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Tatrier, shall be charged with an Annual Duty of Four Shillings for such

Dos- .

Taxed Cart . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for and upon every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, to be drawn by One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, kept to be used in the Affairs of Husbandry by any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or kept for the Purpose of carrying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Place to Place, in the Way of Trade, by any Person carrying on any Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby (although the same may occasionally be used by such Person, or his or her Servants, for other Purposes) which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wood and iron, without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, and without any.Lining or Springs, or any Ornament whatever other than Paint of a dark Colour, for the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall have the Words " a Taxed Cart," and also the Owner's Name and Place of Abode, thereon, and the Price of which (Repairs excepted) shall not have exceeded, or the Value whereof shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of Twelve Pounds Sterling, there shall be charged ✓ the Annual Sum of One Pound and Four Shillings.

Window. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall not contain more than Six Wind'ows or Lights (except such inhabited Dwelling Houses which shall be worth the Rent of Five Pounds by the Year, and shall be charged to any Rate or Duty according to the Rent thereof) there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Four Shillings and Six Pence. 1

D . Refofved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great , which shall not contain more than Six Windows or Lights, which shall be worth the Rent of Five Pounds or upwards by the Year, and shall be charged to any Rate or Duty according to the Rent thereof, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Six Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Britain, which shall contain Eight Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of One Pound and One Shilling.

D#- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Nine Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of One Pound and Seven Shillings.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ten Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of One Pound and Fourteen Shillings.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eleven Windows or Lights, and no more, Vol. 53.

there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds and Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Window . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be in-, habited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twelve Windows or Lights,'ana no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds and Sixteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, !>» That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirteen- Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Three Pounds and Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fourteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Four Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifteen Windows or Lights,'and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Four Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Sixteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds and Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain' Seventeen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds and Sixteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D». That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eighteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Six Pounds and Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Nineteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Seven -Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Seven Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D»« That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-one Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Eight Pounds and Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D -That, for eveij Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-two Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Eight Pounds and Sixteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-three Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Nine Pounds and Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D°. That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall

v

A04 23 6 Martii. . 1798.

shall contain Twenty-four Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds.

Window . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great , which shall contain Twenty-five Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

D . Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which {hail contain Twenty-six Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Eleven Pounds and Two Shillings.

D . Rcfo/vid, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every' Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great , which shall contain Twenty-leven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Eleven Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

D».' Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-eight Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twelve Pounds and Two Shillings.

D». Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great which shall contain Twenty-nine Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twelve Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

D». Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of which shall contain Thirty W.ndows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirteen Pounds and Two Shillings.

D». Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-one Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirteen Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

P°- Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-two Windows or Lights, and no / more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fourteen Pounds and Two Shillings.

Do. ' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-three Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fourteen ' 1 Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-four Windows or. Lights, and no more,-there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds and Two Shillings.

D®. Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-five Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid tkc Yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

B». Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-six Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Sixteen Pounds.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling-house inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-seven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Supi of Sixteen Pounds and Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Window . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-eight Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Sixteen Pounds and Sixteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirty-nine Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Seventeen Pounds and Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, b . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Forty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Forty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Seventeen Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Forty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Forty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Nineteen Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifty Windows or Lights, and shall not; contain more than Fifty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D‘ That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-two Pounds.

__ I

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Sixty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Sixty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-three Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, , D°-That, for every Duelling House inhabited, cr to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, -which shall contain Sixty-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Sixty-nine Windows or Lights, ' there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-five Pound.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seventy Windows or Lights, and shall , not contain more than Seventy-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the.Yearly Sum of Twenty-six Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comrpittee, P»-That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seventy-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Seventy-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-eight Pounds.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eighty Windows or Lights, and shall not

contain

38 Geo. III.

2 30 Mar til.

405

contain more than Eighty-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Twenty-nine Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eighty-five Windows of Lights, and shall not contain more than Eighty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty-one Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ninety Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Ninety-four Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ninety-five Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than Ninety-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty-four Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Thirty-seven Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committdfe ' That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Ten Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Nineteen Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Forty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within fthe Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Twenty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than' One hundred and Twenty-nine Window or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Forty-three Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Thirty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Thirty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Forty-six Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom, of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Forty Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Forty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Forty-nine Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Fifty Windows 01 Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifty-two Pounds. \ '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, fof every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Sixty Windows of Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Sixty-nineWindows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifty-five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great which

Vql. 53.

D®.

ishall contain One hundred and Seventy Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Seventy-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Fifty-eight Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Windows. . That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Eighty Windows or Lights, and upwards, there shall be paid the Yearly Sum of Sixty-one Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain more than-One hundred and Eighty Win-.dows or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of One hundred, and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Abatement shall be made of the Sum of Two Shillings from the before-mentioned Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said ltesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in Upon the said ltesolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Douglas; Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

D®.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 15th Day of this Instant March, for Leave to bring in a Bill upon the Resolution which was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 27th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Clocks and Watches," and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved, That the said Resolution might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Duties on Clocks, Watches, and " Time Keepers, granted by an Act of the last Session " of Parliament, do ccafe and determine."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions which have this Day been reported and agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision, in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the last mentioned Resolution.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolvetl, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Order for bringing in Bill for Repeal of Clock and Watch Duty A&, discharged, and Instruction thereupon.

Ways and \ Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

5 L

Lunn,

Ctrcncerter and Stroud Roods Bill, passed.

Med (lead and Bent worth Inclosure Bill, reported.

St.Sepulchre's Poor Bill, committed.

Bi'4 to amend Newhavrn Bridge-Ac>, Sported.

406

26° Martii.

- 1798-

Lunce, 26° d Martii j Anno 38 Georgii III. U Regis, 1798. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of and

that Part of Ron borough Hill which leads to and also, the Road leading from towards Bifiey,

so far as the Bottom of Gulph ,all in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term; and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty:fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge, and also, the Road leading from drencher towards Bifiey, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Jleaiand Bentworth, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-, port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

A Bill for re-building the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of and for the

better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force Bird, Mr. Hobart, he.: And they are to raeet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, . in the Speaker's Chamber. , -

Mr. Kemp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouze, at New haven, in the County of Sufex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Chittingly, otherwise Ch in the County of

Sussex, Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend Henry Chatfield, Clerk, in him and his Heirs, and for substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Balcombe and , in the said

County, the Estate and Inheritance of the said Henry Chatfield, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Kemp, Mr. Hobart, &c.c And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill fot paving, repairing, deanfing, lighting, and watching, t-he Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town and Port of and Liberty

thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuifences and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town and Port of Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. M'Dotpall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose' Names are thereunto set and subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the; Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report; the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. . v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Goldie, Esquire, being examined, feid, Thdt the Road from Moffat, in the County of Dumfries, over Errick Stane Brae- to Elvan Foot in the County of Lanark, forming Part of the moll direct Line of Communication between Glasgow, Paisley, and great Part of the West of Scotland, with Carlisle, and jthe North Well Part of England, is very incommodious, and in many Parts so very lleep as to be impafiable for Waggons and other heavy Carriages, inconvenient and hazardous for all Wheel Carriages, and dangerous toTravcllers: That if a new Road was made to branch off from the Road leading from Grateney, by Lockerby, to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries, at or near Dinwoodie Green,11 and from thence across the River Annan, not above a Mile from Johnsion Kirk, and from thence on to the

West Side of the River Annan, at or near to the present Bridge over the Water of Elvan, near to Beatork, and along the Tract of the said Water up the Valley of Elvan Foots in the County of Lanark, a more convenient Communication would thereby be opened, of great Advantage to the Public, as tending to forward the Inferefts of Agriculture and Commerce.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill far making and maintaining a Road from Dinwoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries, to or near Elvan Foot, in the County of Lanark: And that Mr. Mc Dow all, Sir John Stuart, and Mr. William Dundas, -dp prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr.

OiatHeM'i Estate Bill, committed.

HythePanMp

&c. BiH paised.

El ran Fool Roads Petition, reported.

38. Geo. III. 2

407

Linlithgow Mr. MeDotvall reported from the Cormtiittee, to koLh'petU whom the Petition of the Subscribers,' Freeholders, tion, reported. Heretors, and Commissioners o Supply, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Lanark, of one of them, in thit Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of in the said

County of Linlithgow, by , to in the said County of Lanark, and which Act is amended and enlarged by an Aftx passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, was referred; That the Committee.had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place» ' and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed certain Sums of Money, which have been laid out in making the said Roads, and carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Acts; but that the Produce of the Tolls and Duties authorized by the said Acts to be taken on the said Roads, have been found not fuf- ficient to keep the same in Repair, and to repay the

Sums borrowed as aforesaid with the Interest thereof: ' And the said Member Furthej informed your Committee, That the said Roads are of groat Utility to the Public, ‘and are a commodious Communication for Commercial Intercourse across Scotland, from the East to the West iSeas, and likewise to the Parillies of the said Counties through which they pals; and that in order to keep the said Roads in good and sufficient Repair, it will be necessary that the Whole, or certain of the Exemptions granted by the said Acts from the Payment of Tolls,

should be repealed, altered; or varied, and made liable to Toll j and that Powers should be granted to the said Trustees to raise the Rates of the Tolls granted by the said former Acts, and that the Powers of the said Acts should be altered, amended, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Lea\ e be given to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, pafi'ed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new- Bridge over the Water-of Almond, on thexConfines

of the Counties of Edinburgh and , by Bath-

gate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanark, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein: And that Mr.

MDowall, Sir Robert Laurie, and Mr. William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill, present ed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill further to continue Scotch Distillery additional X>uty Act.

Mr. Jervoise Clarke Jervoise presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, " or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the " County of Warwick, to communicate with the River " Severn near to the City of Worcester And the same Was received; and read the pirft Tfme.

Resolved, That the Bill bfc read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and . Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of May " VOL. 53.

One thousand SeVefi. hundred and Ninety-eight,' an Act, pafi'ed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth'and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and 'I wo, videlicet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; with- out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act HiI1

for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and KoaJs'iiiii.' " from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the ~ Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmjloneto 'Cuckfield, and from the East

Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditch- >

ling, in the County of Sussex, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of Idurjlper point, to the Marie Pit opposite to

Nezvtimber Broad Lane, in the jkipi County; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intiuiled. An Act Reichird and for-naturalizing Jacob Reichard and Peter Raymond g;|j nd s N , Poland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kn - r~-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and h 7n' Common Fields, lying within the several Tythings of Amendu-.er.t. Upton and Milton, within the Par:in of dCnoyie, otherwise Bishop's Knoyle, in the County of Wilts; with *

an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Viscount St of ford reported to the House, That Answers to their Address of TAurfday lait (that His Majesty would AddreiTe . be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter, inclosing the Petition of the Maroons, dated Halifax, April zzf 1797) hac been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint 'this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.:

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House,

That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions flat there be laid before this House, a List of Pensions granted since the ill Day of January 1792, together with the Names of the Persons to whom, or in Trust for wjiom, the said Pensions have been granted, and the Amount of the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Inhabitants and Petition of Occupiers of Houses and Shops in certain Streets and Ways called New Street and Dockhcad Way, near Dock- ag. " head, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants. Shopkeepers residing in the same Streets, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a new Road Or Street from Freefcho't Street, Southwark, to LilliputHall Bridge in Bermondty» ~ and for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh avd Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the famfe and other Roads adjoining; and Setting forth.

That the said Bill, if passed into a Law as it now Hands, wilf materially assess the Interests of the Petitioners, and greatly injure, if not wholly destroy, their Trade, where-

s br

0

408

26° Martii.

A. 1798.

Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, and granting others, presented.

Petition in favour of Ship Owners Bill.

Instruction to Committee on Scorch DiHil-kries.

by they now obtain a Livelihood for themselves and Families: And therefore praying. That the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands and that they may be ltcard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at, the same Time, in Favour of the 'said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in , and the Neigh-

bourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre, from the Committee appointed

to examine the Matters contained in the several Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 21st Day of February last, relative to the Distilleries in different Parts of Scotland, acquainted the House; That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they may have Power to enquire into the belt Mode of levying and collecting the Duties upon the Distillation of Corn Spirits in Scotland.

And Mr. Shaw Lefevre moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to enquire into the bell Mode of levying and collecting the Duties upon the Distillation of Corn Spirits in Scotland.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Jail Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raile " and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the " Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be givn to bring in a Bill to «enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. William Dnndas, Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mh Hujkijfon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge oY the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seveit-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Commissioners for conducting His Majesty's Transport Service, and taking Charge of Prisoners of War, dated Paris, 13th March 1798. &

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay-master General of His Majesty's Forces in the Year ending the 24th of December 1797, and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 4,000,000, granted to His Majesty, towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1797, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.:

The said Accounts are as followeth;

BilHbrcalling out Part of the Scotch Militia, ordered.

Militia p y Bill, deterred.

Extrafi of Letter from CuptainCoftr ordered.

Accounts prelected:

Extraondina-ries of the . Army.

Distribution of Sum voted for D».

38 Geo. III. 26 Mar Hi

4 °9

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, in the Year ending the 24th of 17975 and not

provided for by Parliament.

Datcsof Payments.

797 September 25 th.

November 14th.

December 5 th. 2 2d.

September nth. August 26th.

December 4th. September 6th.

7th. 12th.

15 th. 16th. October 14th.

To Rills of Exchange, drawn by Val. Jones, Commiftary General in the Leeward Islands, for Public Services - -

To D°, drawn by Earl Balcarres, Governor of , for D° Service

To D°, drawn by John Wigglesworth, Commissary General at

for DJ Service -

To D°, drawn by Wm A. Otway, Captain in the Navy, for D° Service To D°, drawn by H. Rojs, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Forces at The Cape of Good Hope ——

To Cash paid by Mr. Brymer, acting Deputy Paymaster in Nova , for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to the 24th of December 1796 12,720 14 11

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th March 1797 - - 11,232 3 4

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th June 1797 - - 11,042 10 5

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th September 1797 - 21,060 7 2

To D°, paid by Mr. Winslow, aifting Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for the

Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, w 24th June 1796 - 31,909 10 1

To D°, paid by D\ for D°, to 24th September 1796 - 30,688 18 8

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th December 1796 - 40,853 7 11

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th March 1797 - - 22,413 9 5

To D°, paid by D°, for D", to 24th June 1797 - - 22,927 8 3

To Messrs. J. and F. Baring, on Account of Bills drawh by Sir Adam

Itamfon from St Domingo - - - - 757 15 —

To Interest paid by the Bank to the Holders of sundry Bills of Exchange, from the Period ot their respectively becoming due until they were paid - - - - 6,380 1 10

To Baron Barkhaus, on Account of the Treaty with the Landgrave of Hejfe Darmjiadt ——

To William Merry, Esq$ for His Majesty's Proportion of 1,063-!-4- Chaldrons of Coals lent to Gibraltar - 1,649 a "

To D°, for additional Duty, Freight, and Insurance on D°

Coals - 2,904 7 4

To D®, for His Majesty's Proportion of 1,56 Chaldron

of Coals lent to Gibraltar - 2,428 1 6

To Captain R. Barton, of the Lapwing, for Expences in conveying certain Officers of Dragoons to America - 400 — —

To Captain William Tong, of the Navy, for Expences in

bringing Dispatchts from Corsica - - - - 40 — —

To Major General Powell, for the Balance of his Account of Bills drawn and Money expended for Public Services in Canada - _ - 46 4

To Messrs. Cox and Greenwood, for Expences of sundry Officers ordered from New Brunswick to Halifax, on a General Court Martial ----- - 157 13 —

To Captain H. Hadfeld, of 87th Regiment of Foot, to reimburse a Loss sustained by Exchange on Money procured for the said Corps while at Bergem of Zoom - 653 6 4

To Colonel W. A Villettes, for Expences of his Journey

by Land to Toulon, with Dispatches - - - 124II —

To Colonel John Moore, for Expences of his D°, from

fica to England - 11711 —

To Major Powlett, for bringing Dispatches from The Cape

of Good Hope - 160 — —

To Captain N. Maclecd, of the 95th Regiment of Foot,

for bringing Dispatches from D° - - - - 8411- —

To Messrs. Elliot, Adam, and Whnlley, for the Passage, Sec. of Officers and Invalids from Martinique, in July 1795, under the Command of Captain Godfrey - 569 12 6

/. s. dk

aS4,913 9 6 23,634 8 —

220,000 ----- - *

5,100 ——

30,059 16 t

56>°5S 5 1(3

148,793 4 4

7,137 16 to

120,000 — —

6,981 10 10

Vo

L- S3-

5 M

To

410 260 Martii. . 1798.

Date of Payments. £. s. d.

7 97 October 16 th. To A. Neile, Esq; late Ordnance Store-keeper in West

31st. November ift. Florida, for the Repairs of a Fort called The Natchez, in 17 ?9 - - - - -To Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Ferguson, to reimburse his travelling Expences from to London, with Dispatches from The Cape of Good Hope To IV Mitford, Esq; on Account of several Soldiery of 1,077 >9 >° 64 ii — >

nth. December 5 th. the 9th Regiment, for Work done at St. Lucia -To J.Mayor, Esq; for Stationary font out for the Use of the Military Departments in Canada -To John Stanley, Esq; for sundry Expences incurred during the Time he ailed as Commander in Chief of the Leeward ljlands - - - -To MdTrs. Wilson and Dickenson, for the Expences of their Passage from Nova Scotia to Falmouth, after difeinbark-;ng the Charaibs - - - - 180 10 3 403 9 — 250 4 4 >33 6 —

7th. To JcJiah Dornford, Esq; Commissary of Accounts of the

Forces in the Leeward ljlands, for the Contingencies of his Office - - - - . 900 — i

' 8th. To Major General Irvings for Expences he incurred whilst

9th. Commander in Chief in the Leeward ljlands _ -To Sir James Wallace, for Expences incurred by him at the Time of Rtchery's Investmen.t of Newfoundland To Lieutenant Colonel Handfield, for the Balance of his Account as Deputy Quarter-master General in Nova ' Scotia, from 25th December 1776 to 3 ill 1783 To Lieutenant General Cuyler, to provide him! . If with ah Equipage as General and Commander in Chief in the West Indies - - - - -To Lieutenant Colonel William Stewart, for Expences on his i'affage from Gibraltar with Dispatches, by Order of Lieutenant General O'Hara ----- 5OO

nth. 15 th. 504 II — 88 14 1 1,000 104 II —

September 18th. To the Reverend Thomas Tringham, Chaplain to the Garrison at The Cape of Good Hope, in Aid of the Expence of his Passage thereto - - - - 33 7 — To James Lawrie, Esqf for Half a Year's Allowance," to 21st June 1796, 7>594 >2 4

as late Superintendant, &c. of the Mcfquith Shore - - 250 — —

October 17 th. To D8, for Half a Year's D°, to 21st December 1796, as D° - - To Lieutenant General Robert Prescott, for 124 Days Allowance whilst he exercised the temporary Command of the Island of Martinique, to 27th July 1794 To D°, for 136 Days D°, whilst he exercised D° at Guadaloupe, to 10th December 1794 - - -To A.XM. Browne, for 342 Days Allowance as late Barrack O 1 1 1 1 '

December 4th. 00 1 1 '

5th. Matter at St. Vincent's, to 5th July 1797 - -To D8, for 143 Days D° as D°, to 25th November 1797 -To Robert Whitfield, for 100 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces, to 24th December 1795 - 102 12 — 42 18 — 47 7 3

8th. To D°, for 366 Days D°as D°, to 24th December 1796 -To Lord Dorchester, for 73 Days Pay as Commander in Chief in North America, with Four Aides de Camp, to 173 7 —

19th September 1796 -To Lieutenant General D. Dundas, for 53 Days Pay as Quarter Matter General, to 24th December 1796 To D°, for 53 Days additional Pay as D°, to D° 829 16 1 5° 4 I too 8 2

To Edward Blakeney, Esq; for One Year's Allowance, to 31st December 1796, for his Services in Minorca, and during the late War in Germany - - - - 366 —

nth. To sundry Persons, for their Pay as Hospital Officers in the Year 1795 ----- -- 89 19 9

nth. To sundry D°, for D° as D8 in the Year 1796 To Charles Griffith, for 366 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces, to the 24th of December 1796 - . - 346 14 — >73 7 —

To Sir William Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th D 1796 To Captain John Philips, for 96 Days Pay as Provost Marshal to the Forces lately serving on the Continent, to 24th June 1796 - - - , - 1,040 2 — .

45 9 4

To

38 Geo. Ill *

6° Mai'tii.

41 i

Dates of Tayments

1797-December 12th.

15th.

18th

December 6th.

7th.

8th.

To Colonel P Sinclair, for 813 Days Pay as Corhmandanf of ' Mtchilimackinac, to 1 $th September 178a

To V.Wood, for 366 Days Pay as Purveyor to the Forces

on the Continent, to 24th December 1796 To M tjor General Garth, for 61 Days D® as a Major General, with One Aid de Camp, to 24th December 1793 - - - - " -

To Captain Charles Ker, for 308 Days D® as Baggage Maljer to the Forces on the Continent, to 24th December 1794 - - - , -

To General Morrison, for 130 Days additional Pay as

Quarter-matter General, to ;d May 1796 ToD", for 53 Hays D®, as D°, to 2-,th "June 1796 - -

To Major R- K. Skinner, for 430 Days Fay as Major of Brigade, to 2'4th December 1794 To Major General A. 'j. Drummond, for 366 DaysD® as a Major General with One Aid de Camp, to 24th December 1796 - -

To Captain A. Lorain, for 91 Days Pay as a Major of Brigade in the West Indies, to 24th December 1794 To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, to various Periods To Sir D. Pepys, for 366 Days additional Pay as Physician General, to 24th December 1796 -

26 3 5 —

433 7 *

144 9 *

145 17 6

492 301 11 7 4 1

203 3 a

866 5 —

43 2 —

260 9 —

73 7 —

To William Fettes, for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to

O Holer 14th.

the Forces encamped, in 1797, in North Britain To D°, for an Indemnification for his Losson Account of his Contract, by the very high Price of Grain in 1795 To Messrs. Adams and Welsford, for D® for their Losses on Account of their Contract, by D® in D® Year, in Part of a Warrant for 10,000 -

To D®, for D° for their Losses in consequence of the Regulations of 25th May last, by which no further Deliveries of Ammunition Bread were to be made, by their Stock in Hand, and the Expences incurred in providing Fuel and Utensils, and building Ovens -To Messrs. Adams and Welsford, for Supplies of Bread delivered to the Troops at Poole, &c.

To William Fettes, for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped, in 1797, in North Britain

Ij5oo ——

53° ——

5,000 — —

7>956 S 7

L435

~ 6

December 8 th.

15th,

16th.

July 5 th.

Vo l.53.

- 5»3a9 1 »

- 4,000 — —

To Field Marshal Hodgson, for Baggage Horses for certain Officers of the itth Regiment of Dragoons, who took the Field in

1794 - . - -

To Lord Dorchester, for Bat Horses for Two Troops of the 15 th L'°, ordered on Foreign Service in 1794 - -

To Sir James Steuart, for Baggage Horses for the 12th Regimi-nt of Dragoons, ordered on D -To Major General Balfour, for 200 Days Forage Money, for the Year 1795, to certain Officers of 39th Regiment of Foot who were taken Prisoners at Guadaloupe -To the Earl of Eglintoune, for Forage Money for the West Low land Regiment offencibles, having taken the Field in 1795 -

To Lotd Charles Spencer, for D® for the Oxford Militia, having been ordered to take the Field -To Lieutenant General Powell, for 200 Days Forage Money, as a Major General, with One Aid de Camp, having embarked for Gibraltar in 1795 -

189 — — 151 4 —

80 ——

156 5 —

365 ——

175 r6 —

17,194 i i

133 ——

To the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, for the Expences incurred in the Purchase of Provisions, Stores,

&c. for Expeditions against The Cape of Good Hope, and other Places- - -166,275 14 1

To D°, for the Expence and Loss incurred by them in the Purchase of Rice and Wheat, imported in 1795, in order to afford Relief in the then existing Scarcity of Grain ----- - -187,714 6 —

1,250 5 —

352,99° ~

To

4i2

Dates of Payments.

1797-December 8th.

5th *

8 th. 15th.

September 6 th.

13th; October 19th. December 9th.

' J

15th.

August 31st.

October 13 th. December 2d. 20th.

September jth.

14th.

15th.

December 4th.

26° Martiu

To R. B.‘ Henderson, on Account of his Extra Expenses for Oatmeal, &c.

furmshed to the several Garrisons in North from'

ift July 1792 to 31st December 1794 - 886 16 2

To D°, late Contractor for supplying the Garrisons in D®, as a Compensation for his Loss on Account of the high Price of Oatmeal issued to the Troops, between ift January 1795 and 30th April 1796 - - - - 2,817 15 4

To the Representatives of Sir George Howard, for Cloathing and Accoutrement for the JerJeyMilitia - - 11,555 12 8

To Meffi s. Pearje, for One hundred Suits of Slop Cloathing 143 14 —

To D", for Pattern Cloathing furnished by them for the

Provisional Cavalry and the Supplementary Militia - 136 10 — *

To Lieutenant Colonel Grofe, for the Loss sustained by him in having purchased Cloathing and Accoutrements for an Augmentation to the New South Corps of

Foot, which was afterwards countermanded - - 366 13 8

To sundry Persons, to make good the Deficiencies on the Alignments of several Corps of Infantry discontinued on the Establish-ment - - - - r - 9,664 2 it

To sundry D°, to make good D° on D® of sundry Regiments of Foot discontinued on D°

To Mr. G. Pindar, to make good D° on D° of sundry Battalions of Foot discontinued on D"

To sundry Persons, to make good I)° on D° of the tilth

and 113th Regiments of Foot discontinued on D® - - 3,575 7 to

To sundry D°, to make good D° on D° of /everal Corps discontinued on D®

9,664 2

5.691 3 t.485, 3 3.575

- 11,016 19 3

To James Window, on Account, to enable him to pay Contingent Dif-

burfemems for Hospitals, &c. - - 3,000 ——

To D®, for D® Service - - - - - 2,000 ——

To D°, for D° Service - - - 5,000 — — -

To D°, for D" Service ----- - 2,000 ——

To Lieutenant General Powell, for Knapsacks for an Augmentation to the

15th Regiment of Foot -To the Representatives of General Elphinstone, for D°for a D® to the 53d D® -To Lieutenant General 'Tottenham, for D° for a D® to the 55th D° ——

To Lieutenant General Powell, for D" for a D® to the 69th D" - - - -"-

To Lieutenant Colonel A. MKenzie, for D® for 2d Battalion of 78th D0/- ——

To Major General Bernard, for D® for the Augmentation to the 84th Rrgiment of Foot

122 10 —

74 13 — 54 17 " 115 18 — 365 8-

4 —

— 6

6

6

6

16

To D®, for D® for the 2d Battalion of D® Regiment - 389

To Colonel G. Nugent, for D° for Augmentation to the

85th Regiment of Foot - - - 66

To Lieutenant Colonel Bulwer, for D° for the 106th D® - 389

To Colonel Hay, for D® for the 109th Regiment of Foot 235

To Colonel Douglas, for D®for the Angushire Fencibles - 224

To Sir B. Dunbar, for D° for the Caithnej Legion of D® 224

To Captain C. MKenzie, for D® for the Rojsshire D® - 45

To Colonel Leith, for D® for the Aberdeen Highland D® - 227

To Colonel Keppel, for D® for the 3d West India Regiment - 364

To Colonel Durham, for D® for the Fifeshire Fencibles - 365

To Colonel Montgomerie, for D° for the Royal Glasgow

Regiment of Foot- ----- - 224 t8 6

To Colonel John Lewes, for D°. for the 7th West India

Regiment - -- -- - 364 I —

To Major A. Paget, for D® for an Augmentation to the

Anglesea Militia - - - - 3126

To Colonel F. H. MackenzieKfor Knapsacks for an Augmentation to 78th Regiment of Foot - - - 66 12 —

To Lieutenant Colonel Ferrier, for D° for the Battalion of Scotch Brigade late under his Command - - - 224 18 6

To Sir John Sinclair, for D® for the RothJay and Caithness Fencibles ----- --- 229 13

12 — — 6 1 —

18 18

‘9 11

4

8

A. 1798.

-1

£ s‘

3,704 11 6

12,202 10 4

3 433 6 7

12,000 —

To

j8 Geo. Ill *

26° Martii.

413

Date of P»yn»enf -

797-

December 6th. To the Earl of Balcarres, for Rnapfacks for the Augment I tation to 63d Regiment of Foot ‘: - . - .

13th. JTo Lord Gorge Lennox, for I) for the D° to 25th D° 14th. j To Coloael R. Anstruther, for D° for the Loyal Toy Fencibles - - - , - - -»

loth.|To the Representatives of Brigadier General Hovee, for D for the 5th West India Regiment - .

a 15 x8i' —

a$6 1 2 —

224 8 6

3$8 8 6

8th. To Lieutenant General Smith, to replace Accoutrements of the 43d Regiment of Foot, loft on Service - 79 8

To Sir D. Lindjdy, to replace D® of 55th Regiment of I Root, loft on D®- - - - 1 - 698 6 10

14th. J Td General T. Clarke, to replace P of 30th P°, loft on

£> - - - 774 9 3

| To Lieutenant William Wfyon, of 2 id Regiment of Root, for the Loss of Baggage and Camp Equipage on his Passage to join his Regiment in the West Indies - -t 18 —

1 To Major R. Voxfter, of P° Regiment, for Losses he sustained. when taken by thcEnemy at Guadaloupe - - 80 13 —

14th.

s.

d.

September tft.iTo Captain H. Darling, of 68th Regiment of Foot, for the; Loft of his Baggage when taken by the Enemy on his Passage to join, the said Regiment r - ? - - 83 3 —

[ To Marquis Tot vnjbcnd, for Lofle$ sustained by sundry Officers of the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guands on the Continent - - - . .- 110 —

To Lieuienant Colonel Beaumont, of 21st Regiment of Dragoons, to replace the Value of a First Charger of Lieutenant David Williams, (hot for the Glanders - 38 7

[To the Duke of York, for Losses sustained by sundry Officers of ad Regiment of Foot Guards on the Conti nent - . - - - - 380 4 —

[ To Lieutenant General WbyH, for Losses sustained by sundry Office) s of the 24th' Regimenrof Foot, when taken by tfic Enemy on their Passage to 184 4 —

I To Major General Hulfe, for D# sustained by Two Officers 1 oi the j6:h Regiment of Foot, when taken by the Enemy on their Passage from Martinique to St, Doptingo - 176 14 —

[To Colonel J. Amberst, of 10th Regiment of Foot, for P® he sustained on Board the Convert Frigate, which was wrecked on her Passage from the West Indies - t 103 3 —

j To Captain G. Otway, of the 41st Regiment of Foot, for P° he sustained when taken by the Enemy at Cape Tibu-t roon 80 13 —

| To Captain L. Toole, of the 45th D", for Loss of Baggage,

and Part of his Camp Equipage, in the West Indies - 71 7, —

| To Quarter-master Glynn, of the 12th Regiment of Dragoons, to replace the Value of his Horse, foot for the Glanders - - - . - - 31 IP

[To Captain J. JV. Smyth, of the t)th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken by the Enemy at Beryillc Camp, in Guadaloupe . 63 3 — -I Xo Lieutenant William Miller, of 56th Regiment of Root,

for D° at D° - - - - > 63 3 —

| To Captain G. Wade, of the Smerfet Fencible Cavalry to replace the Value of a Second Charger, (hot for the Glanders - 33 12 —

[ To Captain Johnston Grant, of 15th Regiment of Foot, in Consideration of his having Twice loft the Whole of hit Baggage on his Passage to and from the 164 4 —

I To Lieutenant William Karft, of the icth Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained when taken by thcEnemy at Bervifle Camp, Guadaloupe r - - - - 63 3 —

I To Lieutenant Henry Dixon, of 55th D°, for D® when j taken by D#atD° - - - - _ > - 63 3 —

ffovemheritth.J To Major General Graham, for Loss of Baggage and Camp Equipage of sundry Officers of 5th Wlft Regimcnr when taken by the Enemy - - - 14$ 12

December 5th. To Lord G. H Lennon, for Loss of Baggage sustained by fyndry Officers of 23th Regiment of Root when taken by the Enemy ? *

.379 *

3.4 4 3 W

' / '

Offeber 16 th.

31st.

Vol. 53,

#!7 —

To

4 4

A. 1798.

2.6°. Martii.

Pay«ents.

797-December 5th.

Sih

nth.

12th.

151!).

16 th.

To Captain John Baylcy, of the 13th Regiment of Foot,

for Lcflls sustained when taken by the Enemy at Tiburcon - - - - - 63 3 —

To Sir G. OJbcrne, for Losses of Lieutenant Charles,

of :he 40th Regiment of Foot, when taken by the Enemy on his Passage from Doner ary - - - - 63 3 —

To D', for D of fuodry Officers- of D° Regiment, when

taken by the Enemy in the West Indies - - - 224 4 —

To D°, for D of sundry D of D° Regiment, when taken by IT at Guadeloupe - - - 224 4 —

For an Indemnification for Loss of Baggage by sundry Officers at the Evacuation of ‘Toulon - - - 1,891 17 —

To Sir T. Shirley, for Losses of sundry Officers of the late

93d Regiment of Foot, when taken by the Enemy On their Passage from the West Indies - - - 638 8 —

To Major General Coates, for sundry Necessaries for the Grenadier Company of the 2d Regiment of Foot, loft in the Wreck of the Dutton East Indiaman - - IJJ 4 —

To John Dickftn, of the 25th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Camp Equipage on his Passage to the West Indies - 37 2 —

To Colonel Gerritt Fisher, to replace the Value of a

Charger shot in Action - - - 33 12 —

To Lieutenant James Christie, of the 60th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage on his Passage from the West Indies - - 63 3 —

To Lieutenant Colonel Carnegie, for Losses upon Sums drawn for the Troops under his Command on the River EUe, in 1795 ----- - 104 11 —

so Major General Fox, for sundry Necessaries purchased for the Use of the Grenadier Company of the ioth Regiment of Foot, loft in the W reck of the Dutton East

hdiamcn - - N - - - 260 6 1

To Captain G. Evans, of the 32d Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage and Camp bquipage on h;s Passage to join' his Regiment in the West Indies - - - too 13 —

To Lieutenant Henry Milling, of the 81st Regiment of

Fooc, for the Loss of Half his Baggage on his D - 32 2 —

To Captain H. W. Carr, of the 83d D", for Loss of Baggage at the Evacuation of St. Lucia, &c. - - - 93 3 —

To Lieutenant Colonel H. Davis, to replace the Value of a Quarter Master's Horse, shot for the Glanders - 3110 —

G3iber 13th.! For Six Months Allowance to the Field Officers and Captains of the ift

Regiment of Foot Guards to 24th June 1797 iFor Six Months D° of the 2d'D, to D *

28th.! for Six Monchs D" of the 3d D°, to D *

2,52a 1 —

i>7°8 3 —

1,70s 3 —

Decemh.r 16th.-To G. Gamier, Esq; Apothecary General, for Medicines, instruments, and Materials for the Use of the Forces, in Part of a Warrant for £. 25,000 ——

2 2d. To Williait Gcrton, Esq-, for providing a Table for the Officers of the Life and f oot Guards on Duty at St. James's, &c. from 25th March to 24th September 1797, in Part of a Warrant for 4,083. 7. 6.

August 25th. To E. G. Smith, Esq; to reimburse the like Sum advanced by him for the Maintenance of the Wives and Families of the Two Regiments of London Militia, to complete a Warrant for £. 2,964. 1. 5.

26th. To William Mitford, Esq; to be paid over to M. de Lay ante, for Construe-tion of a Machine called a Bombardier -

September 4th. To Messrs. Eyre and Straban, for Paper, Printing, &c. Affcs of Parliament for the Use of the Army ——

»2th. To Colonel E. Morrijon, for his Contingent Expences as. Deputy Quarter-

master General, to 24th June 1795 To D % for IT, to 24th December 1795 -

To General Morrijon, for his Contingent Expences as Quarter-master General, to 24th June 1796 ——

To Colonel Montgomerie, for his Allowance as Lieutenant Governor of Edinburgh Cattle, in lieu of Emoluments, from 20th August to 24th December 1794 - - - - -

To D°, for D % from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795 -To Colonel J. Amhcrft, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, to 24th June 1795- - *

6,359 9 *

1

5>936 7 —

20,000 — —

2,000 — —

i,7 3 7 8

104 11 —

587 3 4

78 3 —

78 3 —

234 4 —

72 14 9

204 4 —

78 3 —

To

38 Geo. III. 26° Mart it. 415

Dacetof Payments. £ t" 4?.

1797 September nth. To Colonel J. Amberjl, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, to 24th December 1795 " - - - - . 78 3 —

To Major General Doyle, for sundry Expences paid by Order of the Secretary at War - - 130 20 6.

‘ , To Lieutenant General Scott, for Extra Jixpences of House Rent and Forage, while serving in Great Britain as a Major General, from 25th March 1793 to 44th March 1794 To Lieutenant Colonel Calvert, for his Contingent Expences as Peputy Adjutant General, from 25th December 1795 to 24th June 1796 - To Mcflis. Cox ar\d Greenwood, for Extra Expences of sundry Officers, who were ordered Home from the West Indies as Evidences on a Court Martial U CO *

- j 78 3 —

I \ - + 129 3 —

To Major Paterson, for Extra Expenditures as Affiant Quarter-master General, from 25th March to 24th December 1795 - - r 91 6 —

To D. % fyf D", from 25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796 - To Marquis Tov nshend, for Hire, &c. of Ground for encamping the Troons under his Command, in 179$ - - - , 35 3 -s

56 8 —

To ttie Duke of Gloucester, for Coals for a Detachment of Foot Guards in the King's Hospital at Windsor, in 1795 - < . - - 16 1 —

To M jor General St. Ixger, for travelling Expences on Service, from 2 ad November to 2d December \f95 - - - 35 18 i;

Tp Sir IV.A. Pitt, for an Allowance in lieu of Emoluments, as Governor of Pertsmouth, from 25th June 179+ to 24th June 1795 -Tp Lieutenant Colonel Calvert, for his Contingent Expences as acting Deputy Quarter MJfter General, from 25th December 1795 tp 24th June 1796- . - . - - - - 289 8 6.

78.' 3 ~

To Lieutenant Colonel Charles Cravfurd, for Re-payment of the like Sum paid by him to a French Emigrant Family |00 — —

* Tp M jor R. Hamilton, for Extra Expences on being pidered Home from the West Indies, to attend a Court Martial - - t - 33 1 — *

14th. To Lieut nant Colonel Ramfgt, for hisTrouhle while employed in the Businessof Foreign Corps under the Secretary at War 300

October 13th. To Major General FcxA for the Amount of Expenditures at Chatham Bar-

s racks, for the Pay nd Conting ncjes of the Staff, &c. for Six Months, »

to 24th June rj9 - 2,784 19 10

To Sir tVilii.ru1 Howe, for Extra Fxpepccs incurred by himself, and other General effects, for House Rent, Forage, &c. in 1793, 1794, and 1 "95 - - - - >. - - - , - 2,749 8 1 *

21ft. To Lieutenant Bainbridge, of the 67th Regiment of Foot, for Extra Expences on being ordered Home from the Indies, as an Evidence on a Court Martial intended to be held - - r 23 2 —

November 3d. To Lieutenant John O'Bryan, of D° Regiment, for D° Service aj 2 — v

1 ith. To Thomas Marjell, for Small Beer supplied to the Troops in Guernsey,

pecember4th. by Order of the late M jor General Small - r 933 8

To T. Rice, Esq; Surveyor of {he Guards, for Work done in Repairs, &c. of the Foot Guards Rooms, S.merjet House Barracks, Recruit House, <&:c. in the Year 795 ----- - 3,125 it L595 7 »

5th. To Marqujs Cornwallis, for Extra Expences of himself, and other General Officers, for House Rent, Forage, in 1794, 1795 17 9, and 1797 - - - -, v - - ' r

6 th. To Lieutenant Colonel Lemarclfanl, for his Trouble and Exprnce, and as a Compensation to the Party under his Command, while inllruding . the Cavalry in the Exercise of the Sword 1 - - - - 476 13 6

7th. To James Dornford, Esq; acting Commissary of AccQunts so the Army late . under the Command of the Earl of Moira, for his Contingent Expences <4 F 380 18 11

9th. To Lieutenant General David DunUas, for his Contingent Expences as

Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1796 - - 70 4 8

nth. To Mr. Eger ton, for printing," &c, various Regulations for the Use of the Army - T 104 i§ -rt

To Colonel Torke, for the Half Yearly Allowance to the Officers of The Tower, in lieu of Emoluments, to 24th December 1796 - 212 4

|2th. To the Reverend John Gamble, for Expences In bringing portable Tele-graphs to Perfcdion - - - v - 74 if $|

To Sir tVilliarp Fayocett, K. B. for the Contingent Expenses of the Of-

fice of Adjutant General, from 25th June loi+tWDecember 1796 315 5-2

?3d»- To tViUiam Fetfes, to. pay a Bill of Exchange for Expences in Ireland, on disembarking the Cambridge and Ancient British Fencible Cavalry ▼ + 34 16 t

To Joj. White, Esqi for transiding Law Bufihcfs relative to the i rmy, from January 1789 to ift October 1797 ' - - - - -To Messrs. Eyre and Strqfyan, for various Acts of Parliament, &c. fur-niftyed for tpe yfe of the Army, between 10th November 1796 and 26th February 1797 T - ‘ ' t ' p . r - - - 3,909 13 $ h3S$ 9 3

VoLr53, Tq

416 <x6° Martii. A.. 1798.

' 1 r . ..... 1

Da»t« o'.Payments. - Jr. dm

1797. December 15 th. f 1 v To General Morrifen, for his Contingent Expences as Quarter Matter' 1 + s n

General, from 25 th June to 24th December 1796 - -

18th. To John Walter, for priming, &c. various Regulations for die Ufc of ijo6o 6 5 1 '

the Army ——

aoth. To Mjeffrs. J. and G. Car let on, for Loss on the Sale of the Exchequer Bills, and on Account of Fees of Office in consequence of their having

21ft. been employed as Agents to the Embarkation Service in Ireland -To MefTrs. Mumford and Murray, for Lottes futtained by them for freight. Demurrage, and Charges of the Ship , engaged to carry Pot and Pearl Attics to France, flopped by Order of the Treasury - 1 057 11 7 ♦

7 9 6 5

( Towards which may be applied, Cash received of the Represenratives of Daniel Wier, Efoj deceased, late Commissary-General in North. America, as the Balance of an Account - - - ... - 12,043 10' 5 Cash received of Claude Scott, Esq; - - - . 15,000 — Amount of Dollars belonging to Government, returned to the Bank - - . - ‘ - - - 10,000 — — >38M-3i 9 8 > 1 1 ' ! 3p>©43 0 f

t \ War Office, 1 26th March 1798. . ' Windham, >35>>39 9 3 1 I 1 1 1 t

" -~'h 2 " ~~ "r‘ " c i1 f "»7" ~ mA~'

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £, 4,000,006, granted to His Majesty, towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1797 paid by the jRighc honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Dates of Payments

797-

ad.

September 6 th.

February 10th.

23d. May 10th.

' -July 19th. February 10th.

March 18th. 21ft. May 26th.

For Pay, 8cc. of sundry Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps - -

For the lixtra Allowance to the Ttoops on Account of the high Price of Bread and Meat - -' - -

To Elizdbeth Pkkftone (late Budd) for Provisions laid up in Store in strfey,

Guernsey, and Alderney _ ----- - 2,105 14 4

To D®, for D°, laid up in Store in Jersey and Guernsey - 1,342 17 9

To William Fettes, for One Month's Supply of Provisions to the Garrisons in North Britain - - - 2,706 It 3

To Mr. James Margetfon, for victualling Two Detachments

of Recruits on Board the Ships Lively and Hfyeen Charlotte - - - . 761 7 —

To Captain A. Bertie, of the Ship ttunderer, for victualling French Officers on Board the said Ship ... 250 — —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Erjhine, Efij Commislary General in the Mediterranean, for Public Services - - - 8,969

To D®, for D® Service - - - - 2,801

To D®, for D® Service - - - > - -12,152

To D®, for D® Service - - - 147

To D°, for D® Service 1,359

4

5

5

18

7

6

8

7

3

4

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Vahntine Jonft, Commissary General in the Leeward Islands, for Public Services - - 11,955 a t

To D®, for D® Service . - _ - - - 35,400 7 6

To D®, for D® Service - - ? 321,376 16 6

To D®, for D® Service 103,105 15 5

To D®, for D® Service . - - 66,099 9 2

jf« / dm

211,382 8 it 300,000 — —

7,1 66- to 3

5>43 4

537.937 7 *

To

38 Geo. III.

26° Ma

4i7

Pates of Payments.

1797. February 10th.

23d. May 10th.

February soth.

May 10th. July 19th. August 3d.

February 10th.

March 18th.

February 10th.

23d. May toih. June 3Qth. July 19th. August 3d.

February 10th.

March 21ft. May ioih. June 20th. July 19th. August 3d.

February 10th.

May 10th. June 20th.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Henry Hamilton, Governor of for

Public Services - . - , - 3,176 3 8

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - . - - 9 051 17 5

To D°, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 4,040 14 3

To , D®, drawn by 0 % for D° Service - - - 6,561 11 2

To sundry Bills of Exchange, drawn by Messrs. Boyd, and Co.

To D° drawn by Earl Balcarres, Governor of , for Public Ser->

vices ——

To D", drawn by D®, for D® Service - -

To D®, drawn by P®, for D®-Service -J - -To Li®, drawn by P", for P® Service -

2 95° ——

2,050 — —

8,980 ——

48,937 1

To D°, drawn by John Glasfurd, Peputy Commisshry General in the Lee-yu/ard IJLnds, for DJ Service - 8,707 — —

To D®, drawn by P®, for P® Service - - 47 95® ——

To P®, drawn by Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, Viceroy of Corjtca, for P®

Service

To D®, drawn by P®, for D®- Service To D°, drawn by P®, for P® Service To D®, drawn by P°, for D° Service To P°, drawn by P", for p° Service To p®, drawn by D®, for D° Service

9.000 - —

4.000 — 16,970 —

4,836 —

11,384 »3

4,989 15

To P®, drawn by J. Buckholm, Deputy Commissary General in the Medi-

terranean for D® Service To D'„ drawn by P®, for D® Service To P®, drawn by D®, for D® Service To D°, drawn by P®, for D° Service To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service

12,940

43>°27

4,394

29,520

56,557

55,161

5

16

9

4

10

4

3

6

10

3

To D®, drawn by A. Brymer, Peputy Paymaster, at Halifax, for D° Service - - - -- - - - - 3,113 13 8

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 4,657 7 5

To D", drawn by D®, for D® Service - - - >,927 5 3

February roth. To D®, drawn by J. Robinson, Deputy Paymaster, at New for

I D® Set vice - - - - 500 ----- -- *

23d.. To D°, drawn by D®, for D° Service May 10th. To D®, drawn by D®, for D° Service

June 20: h. July 19th.

To D®, drawn by D", for D° Service To D®, drawn by D®, for D° Service

596 -

3>5°2 4 8

700 ——

1,168 9 5

February ioth. To D®, drawn by J. G. Simcoe, Deputy Governor of Upper Qanada, for D" Service - -1,7158 —

To D°, drawn by D°, for D" Service - - - 1,446 18 a

May 10th.

February 10th.

May 10th.

February 10th.

May 10th.

February 10th.

23d. May 10th. June 20th. t July 19th.

February 10th.

June 20th.

February 10th.

VOL. 53.

To D°, drawn by Edmund Fanning, Lieutenant Governor of St. John's, Newfoundland, for D° Service ----- 100 — —

To D®, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 50 — —

To D®, drawn by J. Wentworth, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, for D° Service ----- -- 1,000 — —

To D®, drawn by D", for D° Service - - . - 629 16 9

To D°, drawn by A. Gordon, Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, for D® Service - - 921 — —

To D", drawn by D®, for D® Service - 687 — —

To D®, drawn by D®, for D° Service - - - - 3,973 — —

To D®, drawn by D°, for D° Service - 987 — —

To D°, drawn by D®, for D Service - - - - . 3,418 — > —

— 4 1

To D°, drawn by G. Don, Lieutenant Colonel in the Army, for D® Services - - - ----- - - - 4,020 — —

To D", drawn by D®, for D° Service - - - 4,155 — —

To D", drawn by C. Leigh, Lieutenant Governor oT St. Christopher % , for D® Service - 689 1 —

50

jC-

s. J.

22,830 6 6

103,000 — —

62,917 1 1

56,657 ——

5 ,179 8

211 601 12

9,699 6 4

6,466 14' t

3,162 6 2

150 — —

1 629 16 9

9,986 — —

8,175 ——

To

2j.i 8

26° Martii.

A. 1798.

Dates of Payments.

‘ 797 February 23d.

JV/tly 10th.

February 10th.

March 10th. 21ft. April 11th. 13th. May 8th. 10th. 26th. June 20th. July 19th. August 3d. September 25th.

February 23d.

May 10th. July 19th.

February 23d.

May 10th. June 20th. July 19th.

February 23d.

May 10th. June 20th. July 19th.

February 23d.

July 19th.

February 23d.

May 10th. July 19th.

February 23d.

March 18th. May 10th.

June 20th.

May 10th.

July 19th.

May icth.

June 20th.

May 10th.

June 20th. July 19th.

£ s"

To Bills of Exchange drawn by C. LeigLieutenant Governor of St. Christopher's, for Public Services - - 37 — —

To D°, drawn by D % for D° Service - - - 257 a 10

To D°, drawn by William Alexander, Public Treasurer of St. Vincent's, {or

D° Service ——

To D°, drawn by James Hay, Public Treasurer of Grenada, for D° Ser-

vice - -

To D°, drawn by John fViggle/worth, Commissary for D° Service - -

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service -To D°, drawn by D°, for D? Service -To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service -To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service -To D', drawn by D°, for D" Service -To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service -To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service -To D % drawn by D°, for D° Service -To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service -To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service -To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service -

General at St. Domingo,

- - 35,°°o ——

- - 100, coo ——

50,000 — - —

- 100,000 ——

- - 50,000 -

- - 100,000 ——

- 150,000 — —

- 350,000 ——

- 250,000 — —

- 200,000 ——

- - 100,000 ——

- - 275,000 ——

To D°, drawn by James Craufurd, Governor of the Bermuda Islands, for D° Service - - - - 540 6 4

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - 993 16 7

To D°, drawn by D", for D° Service - 3,283 5 4

To D°, drawn by Captain D Auvergne, Prince of Bouillion, Commandant at Jersey, for D° Service - - - . - - 10,235 — —

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 3,350 ——

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - 2,355 ——

To D°, drawn by D°, for P°-Service - 6,160 — —

To D°, drawn by Sir Hew Dalrymple, Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey, for D# Service ----- -- 8,708 5 7

To D\ drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 1,836176

To D°, drawn by L>°, for D° Service - 405 15 11

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 1,805 7 8

To D°, drawn by L. Mackintosh, Deputy Commissary General at St. Domingo, for D° Service - - - 1,470 1 —

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 155 9 —

To D°, drawn by Peter Le Me/urier, Governor of Alderney, for D° Service ----- ---- 166 12 7

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - 340 3 2

To D", drawn by D°, for Drf Service

240 ——

To D°, drawn by George Poyntz Ricketts, Governor of Barbadoes, for D° Service -

To D % drawn by William Lindsay, Governor of 'Tobago, for D° Service -To D°, drawn by Robert Craufurd, Esq; for D° Service -

To D % drawn by P. Russell, Administrator of the Department of Upper Canada, for D° Service ——

To D", drawn by John Udney, Consul, for D° Service -

To D°, drawn by Charles Majon, late Commissary of Accounts to the Army serving on the Continent, for D° Service - - 2,500 — —

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - i,coo — . —

To D°, drawn by James Campbell, President of the Council at Tobago, for D° Service - - _ - - - 213 .8 —

To D°, drawn by D°, for D'Service - - - - 1165 —

To D°, drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama

for D° Service - -.....3,747 5 9

To D°, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 4>455 7 3

To D°, drawn by William Eppes, Commissary of Provisions at St. John's,

Newfoundland, for D° Service - 2,950 ——

To Du, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - 3,427 — —

To D", drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - - 6,558 ——

983 3 0 200 — — 5,7 20 -

1,760,000 — —

4,817 8 3

22,100 — —

12,756 6 8

1,625 10 —

746 15 9

lot 5 —

45 12 6

25,000 ——

894 15 — 664 19 4

3.5oo ——

329 >3 —

8,202 13 —

12>935 -

To

38 Geo. III.

26° Martii.

4»9

Dates of Payments.

1 -'97 *

May 10 th.

June 20th May 10th.

June 20th.

August 3d.

July 19th.

August 3d.

May 10 th.

July t 9th. August 3d.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by the Honourable A. Murray, Agent at 'Turk's island, for Publici Services -

To D", drawn, by His Royal Highness Prince , Commandant at

Halifax, for D° Service -

To D®, drawn by Alexander Houston, Governor of Grenada, for D° Service To D°, drawn by Thomas Graham, Colonel in the Army, for D° Service - r - - - - 4OO -

To D°, drawn by D° for D° Service - - - - 420 ——

February 10th.

July 28th. April 13th.

May 15th.

29th. June29th.

August 15th.

March 27th.

May 13th. July 27th.

August 23d. 28th.

VOL. 53.

To D°, drawn by James Seton,. Lieutenant Governor of Vincent's, for D° Service -

To D°, drawn by P. Mathews, President of the Council at Cape Breton, for D° Service ' - - - - , - - '

To D°, drawn by Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Durell, Assistant Commissary for D3 Service - . -

To D3, drawn by John Forbes, Governor of the Bahama Islands, for D° Service - - - - . _ - 1,874 3 1

To D°, drawn by D°, for D® Service - - 11,692 4 8

To D°, drawn; by William A Otway,-Captain in the Navy, for D° Service - 5,700 — —

To D®, drawn by D°, for D° Service - - - 4,600 ——

To D°, drawn by General O'Hara, Governor o( Gibraltar, for D® Service - - - - 1,200 ——

To D°, drawn by D', for D° Service - 10,597 18 7

To L)°, drawn by DD, for D® Service - - - - c,8oo 18 9

To D,°, drawn by D°, for sundry special Contingent Services of the Garrison of Gibraltar ——

To D°, drawn by John Hamilton, Esq; for the Purchase of Horses in the United States of America. for His Majesty's Service in the West Indies, and for Forage and Freight of the same - -

To D®, drawn by II. Refs, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army at The Cape of Good Hope - -

To D3, drawn by the Acting Deputy Paymaster in the Indies, on

Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army there - , - - - - 2,450 — —

To L°, drawn by J. Jaffray, Esq; on Account of D3 - 7,988 18 7

To D°, drawn by Mr. Sweet land, Atting Deputy Paymaster at Gibraltar, for Extra Expences of the Forces in that Garrison - -

To Interest paid by the Bank to the Holders of sundry Bids of Exchange, from the Periods of their reflectively becoming due until they were paid - C6542

To D1, for D" Service - - - - 1,03 2 10 1

To D°, for D3 Service - - - - 3,053 10 10

To Melfrs. J. and F. Baring, for Interest on a Bill drawn

by J. Wigglesworth - - - - 731 9 6

For the Pufluge of Sundry Officers of the 8cth Regiment of Foot, to The Cape of Good Hope ----- - 1,693 9 3

For L)° of sundry D° of 78th Regiment of Foot, to D° >974 15 °

For D° of sundry D° of 84th D % to D° - 990 15 —

For D3 of James Nagle, Commissary of Musters, to D® i 65 12 6

For D° of Colonel Lloyd, of 86th Regiment of Foot, to D® 59 17 6

For I)3 of sundry Officers of D 'Regiment, to D° - 3,577 17 6

For ITof Duof 28th Regiment of Dragoons, to D® - 407 — —

To E. J. Edhardt, Contra £tor with B. Watson, Esq; late Commissary General on the Continent, for Meal, Forage, &c. for the Service of the late Army in that Country - - 17,000 — —

To D3, for D3 Service ----- - 41,000 ——

To Messrs. Ruckers and Co. on Account of Messrs. J. Ruddock nd Co. of Tobago, for Provisions for that island, and sundry Articles furnished the Engineer Department To Major James Stuart, for bringing Intelligence of the Reduction of Trincomale -

To William J. Eppes, in Part of Expences of, railing a Volunteer Corps at Newfoundland

2,166 j 7 500 ——

100 —

f. s. d.

648 — —

5,623 9 6

2,998 15 11

820 — —

2.35° 5 5 236 16 — 4,450 —

3>566 7 9

10,300 — —

4,598 7 4

26.072 8 9

17.072 6 10

'75,026 2 8

10,438 18 7

4,000 — — *

5,482 14 7

7 769 7 7

58,000 — —

To

420

a6° Martiu

Date of Pay menu.

1797-August 30th.

31st. July 14th.

September 12th.

16 th.

To Lieutenant Colonel G. F. ,late Deputy Quarter master General to the Forces in the Mediterranean, for his Travelling Expences in going out to his Station -To Major General Irving, for the Expence of his Passage from New Providence to St. Vincent's, when ordered on,

March 16 th.

2$th. April 21ft.

May 13th. 22(J. June ift. 14th.

July 17 th.

August 24th. June 8 th. 13 th. March 11th. 'April 2id.

August 7 th, May 16th.

September 2d.

service

To Colonel George Walpole, for 24 6Days Pay, as a Major General in Jamaica, to 2d June 1796 - -

To General Morrison, for 366 Days Pay of his Two AIM ants, as Quarter-matter General, to 24th December

1796.....-

To Colonel J, Amherjt, for 175 Days D°, as Acting Deputy Adjutant General in Jamaica, to 5th February 1794 To Doctor I. D. A. Gilpin, for 106 Days Pay as Physician to the Forces in the West Indies, to 8th October 1793 -

To Robert Walters, for 206 Days D° as Surgeon to the f orces in Guernsey, to 24th December 1794 To Lieutenant R. Griffiths, for fupenntending the Service of forwarding Deserters to and from Ireland, between 24th December 1793 and 25th December 1794 To D°> for D°, between 24th December 1794 and 25th December 1795 - . - - - - .

97 12 8

237 IO 8

>r General in

466 1 —

173 7 —

82 17 8

' too 8 2

97 11 4

54 2 —

54 4 —

To Mffirs. Adams and WeUfotd, for Supplies of Bread Troops at Poole, &c. ——

To D°, for D9 Service -

To D°, for Supplies of Bread delivered to the Troops at Portsmouth-, See. ——

To D", for D" Service ——

To D°, for D° Service -

To D°, for D9 Service - - - - .

To D°, for Supplies {o the Troops in Home Encampments in 1796 -

To D°, for Supplies of Bread delivered to the Troops at Poole, See. - -

To D°, for D° Service - -

To D°,. for Interest on Calli advanced by them, for Bread delivered to the Troops ——

To Christopher Lance, for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Northern Dif-tridls in 1795 ——

To William Fettes, for, supplying, Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped In 1797 in North Britain ——

To R.Biffet, F.fq; Commissary General, to enable him to

provide proper Places for storing Biscuit in the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Essex, and Suffolk -

To H. Le Mejurier, for Contingencies of his Office as Commissary of the Forces in Great Britain To H. Motz, for D as D9 - - -

To D°, for D° Service ——

To R. Bffet, Commissary General, to provide proper Places for storing Bilcuk in the'Caunties of Kent, Essex,

and Suffolk - -

delivered

3»5°°

1,406

3>S°°

13,000

496

7,208

to the 4 n

9 5 3 4

- 3,9°° ——

6,975

6>5a5

426

546

7 9 11 7

6 10 17 6

5,000 ——

1,000 -- —

5.000

3.000

2.000

1,000 —

7 th.

12th.

15th.

To Colonel R. Myddelton, for the Maintenance of the Baggage Horles of the Denbigh Militia, from the Campaign 1794 to the

Campaign 1795 " " - - - - 60 ——

For Bat Horses for 78th and 84th Regiments, lately serving

on the Continent - - - . - - - - 1,549 16 —

For D°, for the 85th D°, lately serving on D -f - - 774 18 —

For Baggage Horses for the Surgeon of the Perthshire Fen-

cible Cavalry in 1795 - - - - 37 16 —

To Major General Bowyer, for 200 Days Forage Money as

a Major General, with One Aid de Camp, at Gibraltar 133 — —

To Lord Mulgrave, for an Allowance of Forage as a Major

General on the Staff in 1793 - - - . 80 — —

To Sir li. Clinton, for Bat Horses for Two Troops of 7th

Regiment of Dragoons, ordered on Service - - 151 4 —

To Captain James Douglas, for h'19 Field Allowances in the

♦ Year 1795, as Supernumerary Captain of the Scotch Brigade - 38 18 —

A. 1798.

£. s. d.

3,101 10 it

1,026 11 2

64,485 11 4

T«r

38 Geo. lit.

26° MartiL

4 2i

D.tetof Payments.

1797 September 15

i6ch.

To Lieutenant Colonel Diroht, for his Allowance of Fofrage.

Money, as Deputy Quarrer-master General in North Britain, in the Campaign 1795 - - - - 41 ij ~

To Major General Henry Pigot, for 200 Days Forage Money,

as a Major General, with One Aid dc Camp - - 133 — —

May 4th.

20th,

14th.

June 2d. August 1 ft.

June 27 th. July 8th.

21 ft.

September 15 th.

May 31st. AugustiZxh. September 14th.

June 9th.

August 5th,

at ft.

March ad.

April and May 15 th. June ift. July 8th. 28th.

August 15th.

To John Trot(er, Esq; for Camp Necefiaries, Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces 1,000 — —

To D°, for D° Service - - - - 10,000 — —

To D°, for D° Service - - - - 25,000 — —

To D % for D° Service ----- - 14,328 7 5

To D", for sundry Expences incurred by him, on Account of His Majesty's Service, from 12th to 24th December 1796 - - - - . - - - - »5.75i o 4

To John Geddes, for Necefiaries, &e. for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, in 1796 1,414 9 3

To Lord A. Gordon, for Travelling and other incidental Expences incurred by sundry General Officers in North

Britain in 1794 and 1795- - - - 467 19 4

To Lieutenant Colonel A. Mackey, for his Contingent Expences, a» Deputy Adjutant General in D®, to 25th December 1795 " - - - 78 3 —

To Lieutenant Colonel Dirom, for his D°, as Deputy Quarter-master General in D°, to 24th June 1796 - - 78 3 —

To the Right honourable Thomas Harley, for Cloathing and Accoutrements for the Guerrjey Militia ----- - 7,998 10 5

or Cloathing of Supernumeraries of the 69th Regiment of Foot - - 1,548 2 8

To Colonel H. Montgomerie, for Cloathing and Appoint-

ments for A ugm station, ordered to the West Lowland Ftncibles hi 1794 ----- -- 330 17 4

August 14th.

To sundry Clothiers, to make good the Deficiencies on the Assignments of several Regiments draughted or reduced in 1795 and

1796 - 11,097 1 6

To M1. N. Fearfe, to make good D®, on the D® of Colonel De Charmilly's Regiment of Dragoons, discontinued on the kstablishment - - - - 2,341 10 3

To sundry Persons, to make good D®, on the D® of feve-

ral Regiments of Foot, discontinued on D® - - 3,138 12 3

To James Window, on Account, to enable him to pay Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c. ----- 2,000 — —

To D°, for D" Service ----- - 5,000 — —

To D®, for D Service ----- - 3,000 — —

To D°, for D® Service - - - 2,000 — —

To D®, for D® Service ----- - 2,000 — —

To D®, for D® Service ----- - 1,000 — —

To Sir R.Stuart, for Knapfacks for the Loyal Rn/i/&Fencibles 224 18 6

To Major Frafer, for D® for the Angus D® - - - 59 3 6

To Colonel Hall, for D® for the Loyal Devon and Cornwall, D° - 224 18 6

To Colonel F. Forfier, for D® for the Loyal Stmerjet D® - 224 18 6

To Lieutenant Colonel Pigot, for D® for the late 130th Regiment of Foot - - - - 392 8 —

To Colonel Urqubart, for t)® for the Loyal Essex Fencibles 224 18 6

To Colonel J. O'Connor, for D® for the Loyal D® 224 18 6

To Colonel C. Stafford, for D® for the Cheshire D® - - 224 18 6

Vol. 53.

To Earl Fortescue, for Accoutrements for the Augmentation to the North

Devon Militia - 271 I —

To Sir William Smith, for D®, for the D® to the West Essex D' ----- ---- 165 — —

To Earl Berkeley, for D®, for the D® to the South Gloucester

D® - - 47 8 —

To Major W, E. Wynne, for D®, for the D® to the

neth, D® - 38 x8 —

To Lord Clive, for D®, for the D® to the Shropjbirt D® - 88 1 —

5

£9 S, d B

3,001 7

66,079 17 9

»oj8 14 7

9,877 10 j

>7»5?7 —

15,000 —

1,801 a 6

To

422

26° Martii.

A. 1798.

Dates of Payments.

1797-August 14th,

- 28th.

September1 ad. 14th.

"July 3d.

5th.

6th

' 7th.

8th.

To Lord Clive, for Accoutrements for the Augmentation

to the Shropshire Militia. - - - 165 — —

To D°, for D°, for the D° to D® Militia - . - - 85 10 —

To Major Paget, for D°, for the D° to the -- 85 16 —

To Captain R. Edwards, for D®, for the D® to the Carnar- ,

von D° - 62 a —

To Lieutenant Colonel R, Hughes, for D°, for the D° to the

Flintshire D° - - - - 65 14 —

To Colonel R. Myddleton, for D°, for the D° to the Denbigh

D" - - - 152 18 6

To Lord C. Spencer, for D°, for the D® to the Oxford D® - 44 6 —

To Colonel Sloane, for D®, for the D® to the North Hants

D® - - - too 7 —

To Colonel Reed, for D®, for the D® to the Northumberland

D® - -_____- 205 13 —

To Colonel Gcate, for D°, for the D® to the Suffolk D® 59 17. — To the Earl of Rift on, for D°, for the D® to the West Suffolk

D°; 1 -.....sm. —

To the Earl of Fauconberg, for D", for the D° to the

North Riding ForkD® - - - - .- - 151 13 —

To Lord C. Spencer, for D°, for the D® to the - 44 a 6

jf. s. d.

15th.

18th. 26th. August 1 ft.

14th. 16 th.

21 ft.

23d.

30th,

To Surgeon's Mate Lind, for Loss of Baggage when taken on his Pafihge to join the 4th Regiment of Foot in Canada - - - - _ - . - -

To Lieutenant William Gordon, of the 26th Regiment of Foot, for D® when taken on his Passage to D® - -

To Mrs. M. Cooper, Royal Bounty for Loss of Baggage

sustained by her late Son Ensign Cooper, of the 5th West India Regiment, when taken by the Enemy.

To Lieutenant fames Filewood, of 22d Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage and Camp Equipage on his Passage , from the West Indies - - - - 7

To several Officers, for their Loss of Baggage at the Evacuation of Fort Matilda, in Guadaloupe -To Major General Gardiner, for Losses sustained by sundry Officers of the 99th Regiment of Foot, when taken by the Enemy on the Passage from Martinique to Saint Domingo To Dr. William Graham, for sundry Articles loft by him in consequence of his being lent under a Flag of Truce to attend General O'Hara -

To Sir R. Pigot, for Losses sustained by sundry Officers of 38th Regiment of Foot on the Continent - -

To General Hall, for D°, sustained by sundry. D® of 3d D® on D® - . ' - - - " -

To Sir I. C. Carden, of 30th Dragoons, for the Value of a Horse loft on Service ——

To Captain William Clarke, of 65th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained in Guadaloupe -To Captain E. Blakeney, of the late 99th Regiment of Foot, for the Loft of his Baggage, when taken by the Enemy on his Passage from Demerary - -

To Captain D. Pack, for Losses sustained when a Cornet in the 14th Regiment of Dragoons on the Continent >

To Lieutenant Colonel Macnamara, for Losses of Officers of the 121 ft Regiment of Foot, when taken by the Enemy on their Passage from Ireland -To Lieutenant M. Soden, of 13th Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained when taken by the Enemy on his Passage to join the Regiment at Jamaica -T0 General Majfey, for Losses sustained by sundry Officers and Men of 27 th Regiment of Foot on the Continent -To Lieutenant A. Chester, of 13th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken by the Enemy at Cape 77-buroon - -

by the Enemy

.29 2 —

June 15th.

63 3

.63 3 —

70 5 3

605 —

321 5 —

80 — —

1,249 7 —

966 12 —

37 2 —

32 2 —

83 3 —

38 i7 -7

63 3 —

.63 3 —

1,856 6 8

63 3 —

On Account of Pay, &c. of sundry Black Corps, raised for Service in the West Indies, & c. ——

To T. Rice, Esq; Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done at the Horse and Foot Guards in the Year 1795, to complete a Warrant for

5 s. nd. - - .

1,892 18 6

5,684 16 11 46,098 2 2

1,038 xo 8

To

4 I

38 Geo. III. 26° Martii. 423

Dates of Payments. . L s. d.

1797 June 15th. To James Window, for Pay, Lodging, and Contingent Expences of Captain Mansfield, who had the Care of Convalcfcents, See. at near Southampton, to 24th December 1796 - - - - -To Captain G. Groves, for his Pay and Contingencies as Commandant of the 291 6 6

16th.

Forces in Chelmsford Barracks, from 5th February to 25th July 1793 . 233 17 5

17th. To Lieutenant General Harcourt, for sundry Contingent Expences incurred by the Board of Claims, to the Period of its Termination -To Major General John Whyte, for Expences incurred by him on Special 2 So 7 7

19th. Service - -- - - -- --To the Duke of York, for Incidental Expences - -To D°, for the Expences of a Suit commenced against Serjeant Grant, of 74th Regiment of Foot, and for Three vexatious Suits brought by the said Grant - - - - -To the Representatives of the late Lieutenant Governor for Rent of 643 8 — 217 15 10 97 9 5

20 th. a House in Guernsey, to 17th May 1793 - - -To Colonel Maister, for Expences in defending an A 10 -1 brought by IF. Bullace, a Private in the East York Militia, against Captain J. M. Martin To Lieutenant General Smith, for Extra Expences of House Rent and 23 12 9-168 11 3

a 2d. Forage, while serving in Great Britain as a Major General.in 1794 To D', for D° Service in the Year 1795 - -To Colonel Yorke, fora Year's Allowance, to 24th 1795, in lieu of 402 19 3 571 1311

Emoluments formerly received by the Deputy Lieutenant and other '

Officers of the Tower of London ----- -- 422. 6 —

To D°, for Half a Year's D°, to 24th December 1795 -To William Pollock, Esq; For Fees on the Appointment of Lieutenant General Clarke and Major General Craig, to be Knights of the Bath - - 212 4 — 865 16 10

To D°, for Fees on passing Two Commissions, appointing Lieutenant

a8th. General Prescott, to be Governor of Nova Scotia and New To sundry Persons, for Losses sustained in consequence of the Embargo 603 17 —

laid on Vessels laden with Corn and Hemp' - 1 254 18 3

29th. To Colonel Yorke, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 24th June 1796, to the

Deputy Lieutenant and other Officers of The - -/ -To Messrs. Sewardand Pipon, for subsisting, &c. Detachments of French 212 4 —

Corps, while at Southampton - 1 ' . - 1 - - _ 204 4 —

30th. To Sir William Fawcett, K. Bt for the Contingent Expences of his Office,

J 3d. as Adjutant General, from 25th December 1795 to 24th June 1796 -To Samuel Baker, Esq; for a Comfknfation for Losses-sustained by the Embargo on Corn Vessels - - -. - - - -To Sir 7. Fitzpatrick, Inspefbor of Health, for his Contingent Expences . 5 — / 1,404 10 10 4

from 9th March to 26th November 1795 -; , - . 1 33 16 8

4th. T0 Major General Ralph Dundas, for T ravelling Expences on Service, from 22d December 1795 to 16th. July 1796-To sundry Persons, for Losses on Corn stopped by Order of Council of 62" 11 —

9th November 1792 -> - 632 — —

8th. To Major General Mufgrpve, for Extra Expences of House Rent, Forage, &c. while serving in Great Britain as a Major General in 1793, 1794, and 1795 . , - - - - - - . 394 7 3

18th, To Lieutenant General Pifton, for Expences of a: Suit against Thomas Dickinson, for a violent Assaultupon John Turner, a Private in the 12th Regiment of Foot To A. Singleton, for an Annual Allowance in lieu of Emoluments as Lieu- 32 13 1 t

»oth elugujt 15 th tenant Governor of Landguard Fort, to 24th December 1796 . To I. Morje, Esq; for carrying on, for One Year to Midsummer 1797, a progressive Lift of the Commissions of all the Officers of the Army -. To Lieutenant General Harcourt, on Account of Contingent Expences of 63 3 — 103 3 —

24th 25th the Board of Claims - -To Major General Gwyn, for Travelling Expences on Service, from ift to 20th May 1795 - - - -To Lieutenant General Harcourt, for Camp Necessaries for the Augmentation to the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, in the Year 1794 - - -. To the Representatives of T. Wright, Printer of The Hue and Cry and Police Gazette, for advertizing Deserters, from 7th January to 18th bruary 1797 - - - -. To E. G.Smith, Esq; to reimburse the like Sum advanced by him for the 300 — — 87 13 — 208 13 4 606 2

4 Maintenance of the Wives and Families of the Lwo Regiments of donMilitia, in Part of a Warrant for 2,964. 5 I War Office, 26th March 1798. W. Windham. 1,240 13' 9 . 4,000,000 — —

Vot 53. - ,

4 4 6° — 2j°MartiU 1798.

Extract of Letter from CiptainCotes presented.

Reydon Inclosure Bill, Rafted.

Gifleham and Pakefield Inclosure Bill, palfeiL

Committee on Reports from the Select Committee on Finance of la 11 Session, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Bill to amend. Act for preventing l£x-pi nce at F.lec-tioas, duer-r 'd.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Housei '

Mr. Hufkijfon presented to the House, pursuant to

their Order,

Extract of a Letter from Captain Cotes to the Commissioners for conducting His Majesty's Transport Service, and taking Charge of Prisoners of War, dated 13th March, 1798.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Com-hiittee, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which, upon Wednesday last, were presented to the House, by Mr. Whitehead, from the Transport Board, and by Mr. Stewart, from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, respecting the Treatment of Prisoners of War.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Reydon, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Reydon, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Runbwry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Gijleham and Pakefield, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing ajid inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Gijleham and Pakefield, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill ,to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, -to consider further of the several Reports which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the 17th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

- - Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

- RefJved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was rrjoved, That the Order, made upon the 2.8th Day of February last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain

and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, Intituled, " An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members " to serve in Parliament,' was committed, might be read.

And the said Oi'der being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Th'urfday, the 19th Day of April next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martin 2 70 Martii;

Anno 38® Georgii. IIP" Regis, 1798.

Pray er$.

MR. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of North/each, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Handborough and Bladon, to Campfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also

the Road from Campsfield, to the Turnpike Road at or near Er.fiow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tune, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, For repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, lying within the several Tythings of Upton and Milton, within the Parish of Eafi

Knoyle, otherwise Bishops Knoyle, in the County of

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 31. 1. 8. After " fame" insert "Tenures."

The

Crick Icy Hill and North-leach, &c. Roads Bill, reported.

Gloucester Roads Bill, reported.

Lords

Amendment to Knoyle Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

% 8 Geo. III. if Martin 425

x

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the and then a Second Time, One by One<; and, upon ihe House. Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the House.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

- to the Amendment made by their Lordships. ingrafted.

Bill to amend An ingrafted Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- 1' jesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouze, at New haven, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third . Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River , at , in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twen- pGuaedl ty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, accord- Elvanfoot ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road Rr£ nfe‘j from near Dinwoodie Green, in the County of to or near Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanark: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ResolvedjThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners under Parish.Bristol, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign reporte . Gf pjefent Majesty, for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Brifol and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard, and Parsonage House, within the new Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Doctor Joseph Atwell Small being examined, said. That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have settled the District, Limits, and Bounds of the new Parish, as well in the County of Gloucester as-in £he City of Brifol, which new Parish is now called by the Name of Saint Paul, and have caused to be erected a new Church therein, with a Cemetery or Church Yard, and Parsonage House, with Conveniencies thereto, and have in other Respects proceeded in the Execution of the said Act.

And the Witness added. That in the performing the several Works aforesaid, the Whole of the Money, by the said Act authorized to be raised, hath been expended, and a considerable Debt hath been incurred,

' . which cannot be discharged without the further Aid of

Parliament; and that the Powers of the said Act require in some Respects to be altered and amended. ' Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Brifol and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard, and Parsonage House, within " the new Parish And that the Lord Sheffield and Mr. Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to Incor- Mr. Blackhurne, of Lancafire, reported from the Com-

fkue'oiai?1 tnittee, to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Persons Manufa<5Vur- therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers ers, reported. for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Vol. 53.

Petition to

amend K ft for dividing St. James's

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according Long Stow into Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, clo<ure ® u» the Open' and Common- Fields, Common Pastures, pre ente Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Long Stow, in the > County of Cambridge: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Mr. Bramah' posed. That the Bill for vesting in Joseph his commuted.'

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Ule and Property of his Invention of a new Kind of Lock for Doors, Drawers, and other Purposes, throughout England and Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon- weed, for a limited Time, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Sevenniglit."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now *

Hand Part of the Question}

The House divided.

The. Yeas went forth

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j JJr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.;

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Tucker Steward, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

f Sir William Pulteney, 7 „

( Mr. Tucker Steward: \ *

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. The Lords Spranger; have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for mak-Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pur- Lands pnr-fuance of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the chafed for Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His B,4lterie5 Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Loss or Damage in Consequence of the said ft} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An lnnheepcr: Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid Bl11 *

5Q to

Quarantine, &c. Bill.

Keyworth Tn-cloliire Bill, v ith au Amendment.

XJllev Inclose Bill, with Amendments.

Guiting Power Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Bill for enlarging the 1 line of appealing in Prize Causes, deferred.

Petition in fa-Yournr Southwark Roads Bui.

426 if Martii. A. 1798.

to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, rel'pefting the Performance of Quarantine; for punishing Persons acting contrary to any Order in Council which may be made for laying any Embargo on Ships or Vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; t ? prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glais into this Kingdom; for per- mitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coastwise for the greater Convenience of Exportation; to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof; to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences; for permitting Wines put on board any of His Majesty's Ships to be removed from one Siiip to another, without being first landed and ,-warehoused; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Wines delivered into the Charge of the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Falmouth; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inch-ling the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Keyworth, in the County of Nottingham; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, and Waste Lands, within the Township of Ullcy, in the several Parishes of and' Aston,

in the West Riding of the County of York; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Arable-, and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Guiting , in the County of Gloucester; with some Amendments; to which Amend-

ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for declaring the Validity of an Order of 11 is Majesty in Council, dated the Sixth Day of , One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have clapled in such Special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

RefoheJ, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, Inhabitants of the Parish of John, Southwark, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Lilliput Hall

Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging the Term and

Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-lirft Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same and other Roads

adjoining: And praying, That the same may pass, into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, Nemiue Contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually t6-provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may-be necessary for that Purpose: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare , and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to abolilli certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon thi» Day Sevennight.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed therein, which have been fitted out from the several Ports of England, for the White Herring Fishery, in the following Periods, viz. for the Nine Years preceding the 5th January 1771, for the Sixteen Years preceding the 5th January 1787, and for the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 1797, with the Amount of the Bounty paid, and the Number of Barrels of Herrings caught by the said Vessels; distinguishing each Period, and each Port,‘together with the total Number of Vessels, Tons, and Men, fitted out, and the Number of Barrels of Herrings caught, and also the Amount of the Bounty paid in Scotland in the above Periods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with their Tonnage, and Number of Men and Boys employed therein, which have, in the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 1797, received the Bounty in England, granted by the 27th Geo. III. Chap. 10. Sec. 4. to such Vessels as have taken, within the Space of One Year, the Proportion of Six Barrels of Herrings for each Ton of the Vessels Burthen, with the Amount of Bounty, and the Number of Barrels of Herrings caught, by the said Vessels; distinguishing each Port.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings taken in England, in the Ten Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, by Vessels or Boats not fitted out for the Tonnage Bounty, which Herrings were entitled to the Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel, by 26th Geo. III. Chap. 81. Sec. 11. and of One additional Shilling Barrel, by 35th Geo. III. Chap. 56. Sec. 3. together with the Amount of -the Bounty paid; distinguishing each Port.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels which have received the Premiums in England granted by the 26th Geo. III. Chap. 8. Sec. 14. with the Amount of such Premiums

in

Bill for Defence of the Realm, ordered.

Bill to regelate certain Offices in the Customs, deferred.

Bill for Defence of ther Realm, presented.

Accounts relating to the Herring Filb-ery, ordered,

3$ Geo. III. 27 — 28

in the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 1797.; distinguishing each Port.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, in Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings exported from the several Ports of England in the fallowing Periods, viz.in the Nine Years preceding the 5th January 1771, in the Sixteen Years preceding the 5th January 1787, and in the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 1797, with the Amount of the Bounty paid thereon; distinguishing each Period, each Port, and the Red from the White Herrings; together with the Number of Bairels of Herrings exported from Scotland in the same Periods, and the Amount of the Bounty paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Number of Vessels, with their Tonnage, and Number of Men and Boys employed therein, which have been fitted out from the several P rts in Scotland for the White Herring Kifhery, in the following Penods, viz.for the Nine Years preceding the 5th January 1771, for the Sixteen Years preceding the 5th January 1787, and for the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 1797, under the 20th Geo. 111. Chap. 81. Sec. x. 8. 9. 10. with the Number of Barrels of Herrings caught, and the Amount of tue Bounty paid in each of the above Periods; distineuishing each Port. _ _ . ~

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, with their Tonnage, and Number of Men and Boys employed therein, winch have, in the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 1797, received the Bounty in Scotland granted by the 27th Geo. ill. Chap. 10, Sec. 4, to l'uch Vef'aS as have taken, within the Space of One Year, the i' of rtion o Six Barrels of Herrings for each Ton of the Veil'd. Burthen, \vith the Amount of Bounty, and he Number of Bar-ids of Herrings caug it by the raid \ eiicis; dillii.guish-ing each Port.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Barrels Herrings taken in Scotland, in the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 3797, by Vessels or Boats not fitted out for the Tonnage Bounty, which Herrings were entitled to the Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel by the 26th Geo. III. Chap. 81. Sec. xi. and of One additional Shilling per Barrel by the 35th Geo. III. Chap. 56. Sec. 3. together with the Amount of the Bounty paid thereon; distinguishing each Year and each Port.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hou.'c, an Account of the Number of Vessels which have received the Premiums in Scotland granted by the 26th Geo. III. Chap. 8. Sec. 14. with the Amount of l'uch Premiums in the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 1797; distinguishing each Port.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings exported from Scotland in the following Periods, viz. tn the.Nine Years preceding the 5th January 1771, for the Sixteen Years preceding the 5th January 1787, and for the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 1797, under the 26th Geo. III. Chap 81. Sec. 1. 8. 9. 10. with the Amount of the Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing each Port, each Period, and the Red from the White Herrings.

for re- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ngthe Reading of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, "«e. Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on granting Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty rs, com- otper Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Vol. 53.

Mar til. 427

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Bill to amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, l l. c upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty- Att, deferred, seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation '

" of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and " Santa Luced in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of

" Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of " Nafau, in the island of New Proone of the

" Bahama islands, under certain Regulations and ReUnctions."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 28° die Martii;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798,

PiAlERS.

AN ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Gloucester Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year nc ecllen of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Hoads Bill, widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, Pa4l d. towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A<fl for enlarging, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Hoads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and ‘Teivkejhury, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Suithis1 tuled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, power incio-Arable, and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and sure Bill» Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Guiting Power, agreed t0‘ in the County of Gloucester.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 52. 1. 35. After " Gloucester" insert " and " Patron."

1. 36. Y Leave out " his Hand and Seal,' *

& > and insert " their Hands and 37. J " Seals."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the L>r<ts Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, "Kcyworth An All for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, incioiure Bill, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, afreedt0 within the Township or Liberty of Keyworth, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr: 1. 1. 4. After " Nottingham," insertand " Diocese of

The

U )gie

Report on Kennet and Avon Canal Bill, further considered.

Crickley Hill and North-leach, 6c c. Roads Bill, passed.

Portbury Inclosure Bill, reported.

428 28 MartiL 1798.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John P do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon the 19th Day of this Instant , was made

from the Committee, to whom the Bill to vary the Line of the Kennet and Avon Canal, authorized to be made by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend, the said Acts, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the , House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that nothing therein contained shall prejudice any Agreement made by the Company of Proprietors with the Tenants of Sir James Pulteney and Lady

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing thrTerm of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so faf as the same relate to the Roads from the Top of Crick-ley Hill, in the County of , to Frog

through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and and Parishes of Handborough and Bladon, to,

in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of , and also the Road from Campsjieldto the Turnpike Road at or near Enfio-w Bridge, in the said County of

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of

Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of North-

leach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Handborough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Campsfield, to the Turnpike Road at or near Enflow

Bridge, in the said County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John pane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of So-merfet, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 60 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill, and the Proprietors of 78 Acres, who could not be met with; and also, except the Proprietors of 2 old Aufters, or ancient Tenements, who refused to sign the Bill, and the Proprietors of 3 old Aufters, or ancient Tenements, who could not be seen; and that the whole Number of Acres, intended to be inclosed, amqMnts to 2,569 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are, in the whole, 75 old Aufters, or ancient Tenements; and tlyat no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to incorporate certain Persons Billtoircor-therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers 'p/i'te for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate chfs Maua-Glass, originally established under an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which p"'" is now expired, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne, of do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Mcdstead and ing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes of fndofiur&u Medstead and Bent-worth, in the County of Southampton, paued. '

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes of and Bent-worth, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com- Lobcombe mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Truf- Sornfr 2,1,1

r . 1 Harnhar

tees for putting in Execution Two Acts, the One Bridge Roads passed in the Twenty-sixth Ydar of the Reign of his Petm°n« re late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing p and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winterfibw, to Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of New Sto the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ozver and Tefiwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, and the other passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from Rom fey, and Ringwo Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to and from

a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing the Footways within the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the

Committee

38 Geo. III. 28° Martii. 429

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's > Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Dyke Whitmarsh being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have borrowed large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and a considerable Sum still remains due, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ill a Bill to continue Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe , in the " Parish of Winterflow, to Hamham Bridge, in the " County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of " Ann's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the Pa-

" rishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to " Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower " and Tejlwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton," and the other, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhujfl, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Comer, in the said County of ton, and for repairing the Footways within the said City: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Mn Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hamharn Hill The House was moved, That the Report which, Roai Bill, or- Upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for repairing the several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Dorset, respectively thereinafter described, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on Hamham Hill, in the County of Dorset: And that Mr. Francis John Browne, Mr. Morton and Mr. Bankes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petitions in A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty Ovroae Bill.P of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol: And also,

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, in the Towg of Fotnes, in the County of Devon;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships: And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Manchester Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom unde lyne1" e Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Canal Peti- Navigation from Manch to or near Ashton-under-lyne tion, reported. an(j Oldham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or ' Vol. 53.

for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place } and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Ta- . ble: Where the same was read j and is as followeth j Hjiz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester, to or near Ashton-under-lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ and also, an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to make certain Extensions of the said Canal, were read.

Then an Indenture, bearing Date the 30th Day of July 1795, and made between the several Persons therein particularly mentioned (being Owners of certain Collieries or Mines, Veins and Beds of Coal,-lying and being within the several Townships or Places of Oldham aforesaid, and Chadderton and Wernith, within Oldham aforesaid, of the First Part, and the Proprietors of the said Navigation of the Second Part, was produced and proved to your Committee: Whereby it appears that the said Company did contract and agree with the said other Parties for the cutting, making, completing, and finishing a Navigable Cut, with proper Towing Paths and other Works, from and to communicate with the said Canal at or near Stakeleach, to a certain Place in the Township of Chadderton aforesaid, called Green; and for raising Water from and out of certain Collieries and Mines, Veins and Beds of Coal therein mentioned, and for turning such Water into the said Cut, and from thence into the said Canal, for the better supplying the said Canal with Water, on certain Terms and Conditions in the said Indenture mentioned and expressed: And,

George Worthington, Esquire, being examined, said.

That the said Cut hath, since the Date and Execution of the said Indenture, and pursuant to the Terms and Conditions thereof, been made, completed, and finished, and that the Company have been advised that the said Indenture and Agreement, so thereby entered into, will Hot be binding and conclusive between and dmongst the said Parties thereto, nor the said Cut be and become a Part of the said Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-lyne and Oldham, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And the Witness added, -That the Company h ve, in proceeding to carry the said Acts into Execution, found the Powers and Provisions thereof infomeRefpedtsdefedlive, and that it isexpedient that the said Adlslhould be altered and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-lyne and Oldham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Blackburne of Lancajlure do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according Hvfton Tn-to Order, a Bill for allotting and dividing the Open cloture Bill, and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Presente<1, Grounds, lying within the several Parishes of Harjlcn and Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields,

Commonable Lands, and Wrafte Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Pejlil/s Field, and Part of a certain Moor called Little Shelford Moor, within Harston and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes of Little Shelford and Newton, some or one of them, all in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

S R Mr.

i -

Beverley, Drainage Bill, p relented.

Lords

Amendments to Uiiey liv-clolure Bill, agreed to.

Whittle Bridge and Charm in Iter, &c. Roads Bill, reported.

430 28 Martii. A. 1798.

Mr. Wilberforce preferred to the Housev according of Do and Yeovil and in the County of

to Order, a Bill for draining, preferring, and improving Somerset, and in the several Parishes of South Perron, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Chedding , Wraxall, Chilfroom,

Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Terri- Froom Saint Quint in, Maiden Newton, and Syd-

tories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grovehill, Sand ling Saint Nicholas, in the County of Dorset, was refer-holme, Storkhill, Molescroft, Leckonfield, Arram, Scorbrough, red; That no Person appeared before the Committee in

Lockington, Ayke, Befwick, Wilfholme, Kilnwick, JVatton, Support of tire said Petition; and that the Committee

Hutton-Cranswick, Rotfea, Featherholme, Skerne, Brigham, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Fishholme, Nafferton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Foston, Carnaby, Fraiflhorp, Burton-Agnes, Granfmoor, Lif- through the Bill, and made several Amendments there -set, Barmflon, Ulram otherwise Owram, Skipfea, Dringhoe, unto, which they had directed him to report to the.

Beeford, North Froddingham, Brandes-Burton, Moor- , House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Town, Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once York: And the same was received; and read the First read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Time. One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. were agreed to by the House.

OrdThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- '

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the grossed.

Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspec- Accounts re-Mesne Inclosures, and Waste Lands, within the Town- for General of the Imports and Exports of Great Bri- Fift-

ship of Ulley, in the several Parishes of Treeton and Afon, tain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at ery.prefenud.

in the West Riding of the County of York. the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Or-

And the said Amendments were read; and are as ders,

followeth; viz. An Account of the Number of Vessels, with the

Pr. 1. 1. 4. After " the " insert " Diocese and." Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men

1. 22.7 Leave out "a Modus in lieu of" and and Boys employed therein, which have been fitted out &23.J insert " the." from the several Ports of England, for the White Her-

1. 23. After "Tythe" insert "of," and in ring Fishery, in the following Periods, for the Nine the same Line, after "Hay," insert Years preceding the 5th January 1771, for the Sixteen " in lieu of which the said Rector Years preceding the 5th January 1787, and for the Ten " is entitled to a Modus." Years preceding the 5th January 1797, with the Amount

1. 35. After "aforesaid" insert "And where- of the Bounty paid, and the Number of Barrels of " as the Most Noble Charles Duke Herrings caught by the said Vessels; distinguishing " of Norfolk is Patron of the Rec each Period, and each Port, together with the total " tory and Parish Church of Treeton Number of Vessels, Tons, and Men, fitted out, and the " aforesaid, in full Right, and the Number of Barrels of Herrings caught, and also the " Most Noble Francis Duke of Amount of the Bounty paid in Scotland in the above " Leeds is Patron of the Rectory Periods: And also,

" and Parish Church of AJionafore- An Account of the Number of Vessels, with their i " said, in full Right." > Tonnage, and Number of Men and Boys. employed

Pr. 34. 1. 5. Leave out from " Seal" to " And," in therein, which have, in the Ten Years preceding the Line 35. 5th January 1797, received the Bounty in England,

And the House being informed that the several Par- granted by the 27th Geo. III. Chap. 10. Sec. 4. to such ties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Vessels as have taken, within the Space of One Year, Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Con- the Proportion of Six Barrels of Herrings for each Ton sent to the said Alterations; of the Vessels Burthen, with the Amount of Bounty,

The said Amendments were severally read a Second and the Number of Barrels of Herrings caught, by the Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, said Vessels; distinguishing each Port: And also, agreed to by the House. An Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to taken in England, in the Ten Years preceding the 5th the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath of January 1797, by Vessels or Boats not fitted out for agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. the Tonnage Bounty, which Herrings were entitled to

the Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel, by 26th Geo,

Mr. Bankes reported from the Committee, to whom III. Chap. 81. Sec. u. and of one additional Shilling the Bill for continuing and altering an Act, passed in the per Barrel, by 35th Geo. III. Chap. 56. Sec. 3. together Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for with the Amount of the Bounty paid; distinguishing repairing the Roads from Whifle Bridge, in the Parish each Port: And also,

of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike An Account of the Number of Vessels which have Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the County of received the Premiums in England granted by the 26th Dorset; from the Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton, Geo. III. Chap. 81. Sec. 14. with the Amount of such to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in Premiums in the Ten Years preceding the 5th January the County of Dorset-, {tom Furze Moor Gate, in the 1797; distinguishing each Port: And also,

Parish of Broadwinfor, to Lenham's Water, in the Parish An Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings of Beaminster; from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of exported from the several Ports of England in the fol-Beaminfer, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Wool- lowing Periods, in the Nine Years preceding, the combe; from Upfydling Ewe Leazc, to the Town of 5th January 1771, in the Sixteen Years preceding the Cerne Abbas; and from the Town of Frampton, to join 5th January 1787, and in the Ten Years preceding the the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the 5th January 1797, with the Amount of the Bounty said County of Dorset; and for more effectually turning, paid thereon; distinguishing each Period, each Port, altering, and improving, the said Roads, was commit- and the Red from the White Herrings; together with ted; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, the Number of Barrels of Herrings exported from Clergy, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are there- Scotland in the same Periods, and the Amount of- the unto affixed, residing in the Towns of Weymouth and Bounty paid thereon: And also,

Melcombe Regis, Duck.for and Everfhett, in the Cqunty An Account of the Total Number of Vessels, with

their

Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British

38 Geo. III. 28° Martii.431

their Tonnage, and Number of Men and Boys employ- Chamber; and have Power to fend fof Persons, Papers, ed therein, which have been fitted out from the several and Records.

Ports in Scotland for the White Herring Fishery, in the . Order, That Five be the Quorum of the said Corn-following Periods, viz. for the Nine Years preceding mittee, the 5th January 1771, for the Sixteen Years preceding

the 5th January 1787, and for the Ten Years preceding Order, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for De-the 5th January 1797, under the 26th Geo. III. Chap. Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty more effectu- Joiu *

81. Sec. 1. 8. 9. 10. with the Number of Barrels of ally to provide for the Defence and Security of the mittedl Herrings caught, and the Amount of the Bounty paid Realm, and for indemnifying Persons who may fuller in each of the above Periods; distinguishing each Port; in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary And also, for that Purpose, be now read.

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with their And the said Order being read accordingly;

Tonnage, and Number of Men and Boys employed The said Bill w'as read a Second Time,

therein, which have, in the Ten Years preceding the v Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

5th January 1797, received the Bounty in Scotland RefolThat the Bill be committed to a Commit-granted by the 2.7th Geo. 111. Chap. 10. Sec. 4. to such tee of the whole House.

Vessels as have taken, within the Space of One Year, Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-the Proportion of Six Barrels of Herrings for each Ton ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of the Vessels Burthen, with the Amount of Bounty upon the said Bill, and the Number of Barrels of Herrings caught by the said Vessels; distinguishing each Port: And also, - Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bin

An Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the taken in Scotland, in the Ten Years preceding the 5th Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, deferred. January 1797, by Vessels or Boats not fitted out for the intituled, "An Ad concerning Tanners, Curriers,

Tonnage Bounty, which Herrings were entitled to the " Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel by the 46th Geo." Cutting of Leather," be now read.

III. Chap. 81. Sec. 11. and of One additional Shilling And the said Order being read accordingly; per Barrel by the 35th Geo. III. Chap. 56. Sec. 3. to- Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time gether with the Amount of the Bounty paid thereon s upon Monday Morning next. *

distinguishing each Year and each Port: And also,

An Account of the Number of Vessels which have Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commiueeon received the Premiums in Scotland granted by the 26th to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Geo. III. Chap. 8. Sec. 14. with the Amount of such upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty- Free Ports Premiums in the Ten Years preceding the 5th January seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Ad *

1797; distinguishing each Port: And also, " An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation

An Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the exported from Scotland in the following Periods, viz. in " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and the Nine Years preceding the 5th January 1771, for the " Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Sixteen Years preceding the 5th January 1787, and for " Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of the Ten Years preceding the 5th January 1797, under " Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of the 26th Geo. III. Chap. 81, Sec. 1. 8. 9. 10. with the " Naff in the Island of New Providence, one of the Amount of the Bounties paid thereon; distinguishing " Bahama Wands, under certain Regulations and Re-each Port, each Period, and the Red from the White " ftridions," be now read.

Herrings. And the said Order being read accordingly;

And then he withdrew. , The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Mr. Speaker left the Chair-.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Ta- Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee,

ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend-of the Members of the House. ment thereunto; which they had directed him to re-

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Papers of this Session. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Richmond the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Commissioners of Richmond Bridge, attended at the Account , Extension; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to presented. with their Opinion thereupon, to the House: the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ryder, Mr. Parliament,

Secretary Dundas, Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Calli Account,

Sheffield, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Wilberforce, the Lord Mun- 1796 And also,

cafer, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Burdon, Mr. Elford, Mr. Tho- A Paper, intituled " Richmond Bridge Calli Account,

mas Fane, Mr. Baker, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Hobart, Mr. For- 1797."

gufon, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Hawkins And then he withdrew.

Browne, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Smith, Mr. Buxton, And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Mr. MDowall, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Ordered, That the salt! Papers do lie upon the Table *

El/ifon, Mr. Heron, Mr. Frederick Stuart, Mr. Black bur ne to be perused by the Members of the House. of Lancashire; and all the Members who serve for North The said Papers are preserved amongst the other

Britain, and the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, Papers of this Session.

Fork, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Kent, Sussex, Hants,

Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Edinburgh Pembroke, Cardigan, Flint, Denbigh, Chester, Anglesea, Reading of the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland-, and all the an A eft, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his deferred.

Merchants in the House: And they are to meet To- late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Vol. 53. Ale

Bill for incorporating the Commissioners for Northern Light-houses, ordered *

Instruction to amend Scotch Nlilitla Act.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Monk Bridge and New Mal-ton Roads Bill, reported.

43 a 28° — 29'

Ale and Beer sold in the City of for the

Purposes therein mentioned,' and for explaining and amending the said Act;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday, the 25th Day of April next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting certain Light Houses " in the Northern Parts of Great ," might be

read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House. was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for erecting

certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain ,"might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to give further Powers to " the Commissioners for erecting certain Light Houses " in the Northern Parts of Great ," might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain: And that Mr. William Dundas and Mr. Douglas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise and " embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom " of Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for amending the said Act.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing tlje Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovtSf 2 90 die Martii,

Anno 38 Georgii III111 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and 9

Martii, 1798.

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hetmiker Major presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture and Turbary Lands, and for exchanging and allotting the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and for Hinting and regulating the (locking and depasturing certain Droves, in the Village or Hamlet of Catcot, within the Parish of Moorlinck, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 6th Day of this Inttant March, for reading a Second Time, upon Wednesday next, the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Matters of Ships, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 16th Day of April next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, That they do consider of the several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

Ordered, That the several Accounts which were Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Reports which, in the Years 17-85 and 1786, were made from the Committees appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole Houfq, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, " and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port " of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port f< of Rojeau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port " of Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the

" Bahama

Portbury In closure Kill, passed.

Catcot Division and Allotment Bill, p relented.

Ship Owners Bill, deferred.

Instruction to Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries.

Accounts, referred.

Reports, referred.

Bill to amend

Jamaica, &c. Free Ports Act, reported.

v oo ie

The Lords ha vt agreed to

Dumfries Roads Bill.

CombeB ridge and Bradford Roads Bill.

The Lords have passed

Pefcod'sEstate

Bill.

Bill for regulating the flipping of Slaves, deferred.

Southern Whale Fish-«eries Bill, committed.

Pelcod'sEstate Bill, read.

The Lords have agreed to

Bo7eat Inclosure Bill.

38 Geo. III. 290 — 30° Martiu 433

" Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions," was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries, to continue in Force until the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Nineteen,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money, and applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Combe Bridge through fVinsley and Bradford, toStaverton, and the Road from Bradford Bridge to Cock kill Gate, and the Road from the Bottom of Mason's Lane, near the Town of Bradford, all in the County of Wilts, to join the T urnpike Road leading from the City

of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of 5 omerfet, and also several other Roads leading from or near the said Road in the said County of Wilts, and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon at Stokeford, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George Pefcod, Esquire, a Lunatic, or his Committee, to execute Conveyances, Surrenders, and Assignments, of such of the Estates, devised by the Will of William Pefcod, Esquire; deceased, in Trust for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, as are, or shall be, fold under the Decree of the High Court of Chancery; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Shipping and carrying of Slaves in BritiskVefl'cls from the Coast of Africa;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Pefcod, Esquire, a Lunatic, or his Committee, to execute Conveyances, Surrenders, and Assignments, of such of the Estates devised by the Will of ' William Pefcod, Esquire, deceased, in Trust, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, as are, or shall be, fold under the Decree of the High Court of Chancery, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Vol. 53.

Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bozeat, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hawnrden ln-Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Com- closure BlU mons and Waste Lands in the Townships of Pentrobin, and Bannell, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of Cre Bin"" Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common with Amend-Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all ments. other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Kelmf '' cot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bill for De-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, R efor-upon the Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to red. provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order, being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac- Biitrefpeaing cording to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, pK~

made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom,

" or resident therein, in certain Cafes And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Servant , Car-a Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, nJSei Bui, Carriages, Horles, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting presented. to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Mar tit;

Anno 38 Georgii III'" Regi % 1798 *

Prayers.

r\RDERED, That Sir George Douglas be added to Member add- the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, nHthgow,n and bring in, a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers and Lanerk of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty- R° d Bdl fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Bailliefon, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches Qf Road from

5 S the

434 3°° Martiu A. 1798.

the said Line of lload, and for the other Purposes men the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations tioned therein. as the preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill for re-building and re-Liniidigow Sir George Douglas presented to the House, according pairing the said Bridge, or for building anew Bridge Kolu Bu'f ° r< er> a 8iU for altering and enlarging the Powers across the River Tweed, near either on the Scite

preicmed. ' of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty- of the present Bridge, or at some convenient Place within fifth Yeats of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Half a Mile of the fame, and for levying a Toll or Pont-making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, age on the said Bridge.

the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of , That the said Petition be referred to the

Almoud, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the Coun- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ty of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the shall appear to them, to the House: said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned , And it is referred to Sir George Douglas, Mr. Burdon, therein-: And the same was received; and read the First &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Time. . Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and

Refalved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition for 'A Petition of the several Persons thereunto fub-Leave to pre- feribing, Owners and Occupiers of Land adjoining, forre-imHd-11 and hear to, the River Tweed, in the Neighbourhood of in" Kelib Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, was presented to Bruige. . tjle House, and read; Setting forth. That about Forty Years ago a Bridge, chiefly by Voluntary Subscription, was built across the Rivet Tzveed, below its Junction with the Tiviot, near Kelso, at an Expence of between if. 7,000 and £.8,000; and that the said Bridge has been of great Advantage to that Part of the Country, but, by the very high Floods of the Tweed and Tiviot, in the Month of Qflober last, the same was thrown down, whereby the Communication to and from the Northern and Southern Parts of the County of Roxburgh, as well as the neighbouring Counties of Berwick and Northumberland, has been greatly impeded, the Fords on the said River being dangerous, and often impafiable; and that, as it would be of the greatest Advantage to the Public to have the said Bridge rebuilt," the Petitioners have been employed in taking the necessary Information, as well with regard to the Scite and Strudlure of the Bridge, and the Materials which, ought to be employed, as to the Expence of executing the Work; but, as during the Winter Season, owing to Floods and otherwise, the Bed of the River could not be explored with Advantage, much Time has necessarily elapsed before the Petitioners could come to any Degree of Certainty with respect to those Particulars, fq as to know whether there was a Probability of again erecting the Bridge by Voluntary Subscription, and without the Necessity of levying any Toll or Pontage; and that it is now evident the Expence of re-building the said Bridge will be so great, that it cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament for that Purpose, and for. levying a Pontage on the said Bridge; and that the Time limited for presenting Petitions for Private Bills is now elapsed, and it would be attended with great Loss and Inconveniehce to the Town of Kelso, and the whole Country around, were the Application to lie over till next Session of Parliament: And therefore praying. That, in the lpe-cial Circumstances of the Cafe, Leave may be given to present a Petition, in the present Session, for Leave to bring in a Bill for re-building and repairing the said Bridge, or for building a new Bridge across the River Tweed, near Kelso, either on the Scite of the present Bridge, or at some convenient Place within Half a Mile of the fame, and for levying a Toll or Pontage on the said Bridge. jLcure given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said. Owners and Occupiers of Land adjoining, and near to, the River Tweed, in the Neighbourhood of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh.

Kelso Bridge Then a Petition of the several Persons thereunto Pennon. subscribing. Owners and Occupiers of Land adjoining, and near to, the River Tweed, in the Neighbourhood of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, was presented to

7

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petitions in thereuntofubferibed, being Shipowners, refidingwith- owners0BailP in the Port of Exeter: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Ships, residing in Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk;

Were severally presented to the House," and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners a.nd Mailers of Ships: And praying.

That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered' to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for more effe<5lually repairing, widen- Monk Bridge ing, altering, and improving, the Roads from the Eail End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New Bill, paired. Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

Ordered, Th.at Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order of Wednesday last, "That Leave be given to bring in a H nhimHill " Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, l'eve- Road Bill, dirrally passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign " of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth ordered.

" Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Harnham Hill, near the City of " New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on Harnham Hill, in the County of Dorset,

" might be read."

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for repairing the several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Dorset, respectively, thereinafter described, which was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of December last; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on

mu.

38 Geo. III.

30° Martii.

435

' Hill, in the County of Dorset: And that Mr. Francis John Browne, Mr. Morton Pitt, and Mr. Banket, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Whittle . An ingrossed Bill for continuing and altering an Act, CharminUer, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His

&c. Koaiis present Majesty, for repairing the Roads, from iVhiftle bill, paiied. . Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Char-ninjier, in the county of ; from the Crofsinthe

Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; from Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwinfor, to Lenham's Water, in the Parish of Beaminfltr; from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of to the Dor-

fetshire Inn, in the Parish of; from

Ewe Leaze, to the Town of Cerne Abbas; and from the Town of Frampton, to join the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of;

and for more effectually turning, altering, and improving the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of - Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads, from Whijlle Bridge, in the Parish in the County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charmhifter, in the County of Dorset; from the Cfofs in the Town of Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; from Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwinfor, to Lenham'sWater, in the Parish of from

Bugler's Corner, in the Town of to the Dor-

J'etshire Inn, in the Parish of; and from the

Town of Frampton, to the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lonls ' The House proceeded to take into Consideration

tc "KeinUfcot Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, ircioiure il!, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, agreed to the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Ke/mfcot, in the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Oxford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 21. 1.2 % . After ".being" insert "and of the " Patron."

1, 23. Leave out " his Hand" and insert " their Hands."

Pr. 44. 1. 39; After " being" insert " and of the " Patron."

The said Amendments being fevetaily read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. Smith be added to the

ed to bring in Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Corner'arui n> a Bill to continue Twp Acts, the one, passed in the Harnham Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Bridge Road j£/ing George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lob-

M.combe Corner, in the Parish of to

" ham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the " West Corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the City of " New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, " and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and to Ealing afore-

" laid, in the County of and the other,

VOL. 53.

passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Rom fey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lytfdhurst, and f rom a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing the Footways within the said City.

Mr. Joshua Smith presented to the House, according tobcombe to Order, a Bill to continue Two Acts, the one passed Hambm in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Bridge Read Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act j ['et£re *

" for repairing and widening the Roads leading from " Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winterfow, to " Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from " the West Corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the City " of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and " Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford " aforesaid, through Ower and Tejlwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton," and the other, passed in the Twelfth Year of the- Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhurst, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing the Footways within the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating Expiring to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Sir eight a to the Encouragement of the Mackarel Fishery; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain j to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke' % Hydrometer and to the better securing the Duties on Glass, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and '

Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke' % Hydrometer, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One; and so much of an Act, made in

the

by v

436 3 6° Martii. . 1798.

the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrrence.

Bill forincor- Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, accord-Comn fr.ort'- n§to Order, a Bill for incorporating the Commissioners ers for North- appointed for erecting certain Light Houses in the f Llsht' Northern Parts of Great Britain: And the same was

fented pre received 5 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 13th Day of April next.

Bill to amend Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to ings jalnes's Order, a Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, Parish, Bristol, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His presented. present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing the " Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of " Bristol and County of and for building a

" Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard, " and Parsonage House, within the new Parish And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

r ' t

a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale-, and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Bejfes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and allb the Road from the said Place called Bejfes of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Prejiwich, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to amend Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth BridgeVAft. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouze, at Newhaven, in the County of SuJJ'ex; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Edinburgh Act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Mer- compsmyBlu chants of the City of Edinburgh; without any Amende ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and improving, the w" ,0Amend-several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Paf- ment . tures. Moors, Commons, Waft.es, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township of ham, and that Part of the Hamlet of East in the Parish of Mejfngliam, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

Billrespecting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Alien , com- Reading of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this King " dom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Land Tax Att, to be considered.

The House was moved, Than an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be " raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight/' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotife, to consider of the said Act.

The Lords have agreed to

Cirencester and Stroud Roads Bill.

Manchester, Rocluhie, and Bury Roads Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge, and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bifley, so far as the Bottom of GulphHill, all in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed -to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from the Town of Manchester, by

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House py'j"j£jt on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fence of the upon die Bill to enable His Majesty more effectually to Realm, provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair!

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr., Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for rr-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dutlefo upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Win- Houses, &c. dows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks jIthe defe and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other red. ' Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to fe a!' " consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to SjjppJt de resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Ser- Servants, Car-vants. Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting committed.

t

Lord *

Amendments to, Mefli ng- . ham Incto-sure Bill, agreed to.

Huntingdon Roads Petition, referred to Committee on Alconbury Hill Roads Petition.

Hamham Hill Road Bill, presented.

kill for De fence of the Realm, reported.

38 Geo. III.

30° — 31° Martii. — 2° Aprilis.

437-

granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in - lieu thereof, was read a Second Time,.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

_.> Sabbat/, 31° d Martii;

Anno 38 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and improving, the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within "the Township of Meffingham, and that Part of the Hamlet

of East Butterwick, in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth > viz.

' Pr. 52. 1. 15. After "Hand" insert "and with the "> Consent of the Dean and Chap-‘ "ter of the Cathedral Church of

" the Blessed Virgin Mary of Lin-

" coin."

Pr. 64. 1, 19; After " Meffin" insert "with u Bottesford.

Pr. 90. 1. 22. Leave out from " Interest" to " and, " in Line 33.

.The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were,- upon the Question fevferally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Xords; and acquaint them# that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. '

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads in the County of Huntingdon, thereinafter described, which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be -again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed) being Trustees for repairing several Roads in the County of Huntingdon, thereinafter described, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Bankes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the -Road from Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on well Hill, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received'; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Douglas, actording to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Vol. 53.

enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for she Defence and Security of the Realm, and for indemnify- ing Persons who may Suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose, was . committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One. by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was oftered to be added to the Bill, contaiii> ing a Schedule and Form of Conviction.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, empowering His Majesty to authorize Three Deputy Lieutenants to act, in the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant. , '

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Compensation to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon thd Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.:

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said , as amended, be printed, as shall be Sufficient for Uie of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2° die Apri j Anno 38 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Praters.

MR. Kemp reported from the Committee, to whom chatfield the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate Eill> Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the '

Parish of Chillingly, otherwise Chiddingly, in the County of SttJJ'ex, Part of the settled Estate of the Reverend Henry Chatfield, Clerk, in him and his Heirs, and for

substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Balcombe and Weflhoathh, in the said County, the Estate and Inheritance of the said Henry Chatfield, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com1 mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Kemp do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this IJoule hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

5 T A Bill

438 2° Aprili . 1798.

Lon Stow A Bill for dividing, allotting, and incloting, the Open committLi.1 and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stow, in the County of Cambridge, was fead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Torke, General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber *

Petitions in ' A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Owners° BillIP hereunto lubscribed, being Merchants and Ship Owners, residing within the Borough of King's Lynn: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are. thereunto lubscribed, being Ship Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, interested in Shipping, residing in South , and the Neighbour-

hood thereof: And all'o,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in Barnstaple, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A.Petition of the Corporation of the Mailer Pilots and Seamen of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Ship Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen and others, interested in Shipping, residing in New upon Tyne, and the Neigh-

bourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are

thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and Tradesmen, residing within the Port of Mo1 don;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Re-. lief of Owners and Masters of Ships: And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are er H&c of thereunder written. Manufacturers and Venders of Locks, against Locks, in Behalf of themselves and other Manufactu- Mr. Bnunah-s rers and Venders, was presented to the House, and tent read j Taking Notice of the Bill for vesting in Joseph Bramah, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the l'ole Use and Property of his Invention of a new Kind of Lock for Doors, Drawers, and other Purposes, throughout England and , and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for a limited Time j and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners conceive their Rights and Interests will be very materially affected and injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem equitable and just.

Ordered, That the said'Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

D<'- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

' thereunto subscribed. Manufacturers and Venders of

Locks, in Behalf of themselves and other Manufacturers and Venders, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Set-

ting forth, That if the same should pass into a Law as it n( v (lands, the Petitioners conceive their Rights and Interests will be very materially affected and injured, and that the Public will derive no Benefit from the said Invention: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them, and that the same may not pal's into a Law as it now Hands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem equitable and

just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bilt is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InllruClion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the *

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do make the Report from 7 bur? aD<1 the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Truilccs &c. Raids for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Pe,1,1"n. Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for porte repairing and widening the Road from in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to

Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackaments Bottom, in the said County of Glouc and also, the Road from Faringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Alton Tur-vilie, and also, from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Path; and also, the Petition of the teveral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, were severally referred.

Mr. Buxton accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect to tj q First-mentioned Petition; but that no Notices, were given for the Application in the Second-mentioned Pei tition, the Utility of paving the said Town and Borough not having occurred till after the Time limited for giving such Notices; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James CroivJy being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, with respect to both Districts of Road therein mentioned, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money, which still remain due: That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money so borrowed as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the said Term be continued, and some further Powers given for those Purposes.

And the Witness added. That the Highway from the End of the aforesaid Turnpike Road at Acton Turville, at or near the Turnpike Gates there erected, leading into or through the several Parishes or Places of A Si on Turville, Tormarton, Codrington, WaWejlerleigh, Hen-

field, Mangotsjheld, and -Downend, in the said County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from bury to Bristol, at or near a certain Inn called The Horse Shoe, at Downend, in the Parish of aforesaid;

and also the public Highway from the End of a Lane in the Parish of Brokenberough, in the said County of Wilts, near to a certain Field called Hyem Park, leading into or through the Parish of Brokenberough aforesaid,

and

Committee on Scotch Distilleries empowered to ive Directions ior printing Papers.

38 Geo. III.

Jprilis.

439

and the several Pari (lies' or Places- of Shipton Wesionbirt, Doughton, Elmjlreeand

Lasborough, in the said County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of to

Bath, at or near the Place where the Roads from -cester to Bath and Rodborough to Bath, unite in the Parish of Las borough aforesaid; and also the public Highway from the upper End of Shipton Moyne Street, unto a certain Place called Underbridge, in the Parish of Shipton Moyne, which separates the same Parish of Shipton Moyne from the Parish of fetbury; and also the public Highway from the present Turnpike Road and Gates at Charlton, in the said County of Wilts, leading through the same Parish of Charlton, and into or through the several Parishes or Places cf Hanker!on, Brokcnborough, and ton, in the said County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Malmesbury to Jack aments Bottom aforesaid, at a certain Place called The Five Lanes, in the Parish of Hanker ton aforesaid, and from thence to join the Turnpike Road leading from fetbury to Malmesbury, at the Village of Newnton aforesaid; and likewise the public Highway in and through the Town and Borough of Cricklade, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson,

and in or through the Town and Borough of Malmesbury, in the Parishes of Saint Paul Malmesbury, the Abbey Malmesbury, and Saint Mary WeJiport,\n the said County of Wilts, lying and being in the direct Road leading from the Town of Faringdou to furville aforesaid, are all in a ruinous Condition, in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places lying adjacent to the said Roads, if the same were amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious for Travellers and.Carriages.

And the Witness further added, That the said Roads might be conveniently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said Districts of Roads.

And, to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, the said Act was again read: And,

Mr. Richard Robins being examined, said. That Ptnver was given to the Trustees acting for the First District of Road mentioned in the said Act, to repair and light such Part of the said District of Road as pafles through the Borough of Malmesbury, but that the Number of

Lamps limited by the said Act are insufficient.

And the Witness being further examined, laid, That the several Footways in the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages within the said Borough, and the Avenues ‘leading to and from the same, are not properly paved, /pitched, or cleansed, and are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and unlafe for Travellers and Passengers; and that it would be a great Benefit to all Persons inhabiting or resorting to the said Borough, if the Footways therein were properly paved, pitched, cleansed, and lighted, and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances were removed and prevented for the future r And that it is proposed to levy a Sunday Toll, and a Kate upon the Inhabitants, so defray the Expence of the Purposes aforesaid, .

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Douglas, from the Committee appointed to examine the Matters contained in the several Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 21st Day of February last, relative to the Distilleries in different Parts of Scotland, acquainted the House, That he was directed, by the said Committee, to move the House, That they may have Power to give Directions for printing certain Queries, which they think it necessary to have circulated for the Purpose of obtaining Information material to the Objects of their Enquiry, and also

.VOL.53.

other Papers and Accounts which may be laid before them. -j

And Mr. Douglas mQved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to give Directions for printing certain Queries, which they think it necessary to have circulated for the Purpose of obtaining Infor malign material to the Objects of their Enquiry, and also other Papers and Accounts which may be laid beT fore them.

'A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth l ithH$»rbour Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging eomnul' and improving the Harbour of Leith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Heron, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's.

Chamber.

A. Rill for making and maintaining a Road from near Elvanfoot Dinwoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries, to or near rommitted, Elvanfoot, in the County of Latterk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Heron, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers Temple Bar of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign l'>roveme!lt

r, C », n b Bill, conimit-

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widen- ted.

" ing and improving the Entrance into the City of '

" London near Temple Bar; for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill', and for railing,

" on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money " for those Purposes," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill to vary the Line of the Kennet and Kennet and , Avon Canal, authorized to be made by Two Acts, passed £bon in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign ' P of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend, the said Acts, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. ( .

Pr. 19. 1. 37. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to the End of L. 34. in Pr. 20.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vary the Line of the Kennet and Avon Canal, authorized to be made by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also- to extend the Powers of, and to amend, the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Petition of respective Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas,

Deptford, in the County of Kent, was presented to the aponitsouth-\ House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Road a new Road or Street from Freeschool Street, Southwark, 1 to Lilliput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey; and for enlarging the "Term and Powers of Three Acts, paiibd'in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years bf His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places

therein

440 a° Aprili A. 1798.

therein mentioned, and for repairing the same and other Roads adjoining; and Setting forth. That the said Bill lays a very heavy and oppressive Burthen upon the Petitioners, without their deriving any Benefit whatever from the said Road thereby intended to be made, and, if pafl'ed , into a Law, will be very injurious to them: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Petition fhW the Turkey Company for Leave to prefect a Petition,

Leave given.

Turkey Company's Petition.

Papers ptr-fented 1

A£h of the Tfland of St. Christopher rrfpccting

Shue.}.

Order of Council reflecting Appeals.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners presented a Petition to the House in the Month of December last, Rating that the Company's Expences amounted to about £.8,000 per and

praying such Relief as the House might think proper; and that the Petitioners have been informed, since the Day limited for receiving Private Petitions, that, according to the Forms oi the House, they cannot obtain such Relief as the Exigencies of their Affairs require, from a Defeat in the former Petition: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to present a new one.

Ordered, That, in Confutation of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas.

Then a Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners presented a Petition to the House in the Month of December lass, dating, that the Company's Expences amounted to abom £.8,000 per Annum, and praying such Relief as the H uie might think proper; and that the Petitioners have received from Parliament, for some Years pad, an Annual Grant of £.5,000, which they hoped to have received in like Manner, from the Bounty of Parliament, in the last Session, but, through some Mistake, their Petition was not referred to the Committee of Supply, and this Grant was not completed, or inserted in any Act of Parliament, whereby the Petitioners were deprived of the Means of supporting their Establishments in which are wholly dependant on the Company's Funds, and, without some immediate Relief, they will be under the Necessity of discontinuing the m: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to afford them such further Relief, beyond the accustomed Grant, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of an Act of the Island of Saint Christopher, to psevent the cutting off or depriving any Slaves in that Island of any of their Limbs or Members, or otherwise disabling the m: And also,

Copy of an Act of the Island of Saint Christopher, to restrain the Thefts committed by Negro and other Slaves, and to prevent the dishonest Traffick carried on by such as deal with them.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of an Order of Council, of 30th March 1798, for permitting Appeals from Sentences of the Vice Admiralty Courts of Bermuda and the Bahama Islands.

6

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That fuel) a Number of Copies of the Two

First of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Comm-ttreoa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to r x consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to c.onfider further of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrolfed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to define the Cafes, in which the Volunteers may be called out.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 38. After " as" to insert " Boatmen or

" Bargemen, or as."

Pr. 3. I.19. After "all" to insert "Boats, Barges." I.29. After "such" to insert " Boats, " Barges."

I.35. After "of" to insert "Boatmen, " Bargemen."

Pr. 4. 1. 10. After "all" to insert "Boats, Barges."

Pr. 8. 1. 25. After " any " to insert " Boats,

" Barges."

Pr. 9. 1. 2. After " any " to insert, " Boaffs,

" Barges."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; a.nd the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War; and for indemifying Person? who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as„ may be necessary for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kill for Defence of the Realm, passed *

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Militia Pay resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Blll» deferred, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand.Seven hundred and Ninety-eight j

Resolved,

38 Geo. III.

2° — 3° April is.

441

Bill to amend Att concerning Tanners, (See. committed.

Bill to amend Jamaica, &c. Free Pt rts A&, deferred.

Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, See. and granting others, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred. *

Supply, deferred.

Servants, Carriages, See. Duties Bill, deferred.

Account, See. of African Company, presented.

Resolved, That this House,. will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 17th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' A Bill to amend ain Act, made in the Second Yeat of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

Resolved That this House will, upon IVe Fortnight, the z 8th Day of this Instant Aprils resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of " King fort. Savannah la Mar, Montego and Santa " Lucea, in the llland of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint " George in the llland of Grenada, in the Port of " Rufeauin the llland of Dominica, and in the Port of

" Nafati in the llland of NewProvidence, one of the " Bahama lllands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions," was committed, be taken into further Considerationupon IVedttefday Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant April.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to comfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IV Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconlider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof.

The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred, from the Committee of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; anc , at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1796. — The Account " of the Committee of the Company of Merchants " trading to Africa, distinguishing every- Article of " Expenditure under its proper Title And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1796. — Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perul'ed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Martis, 30 die %

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 53.

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names Petition m fu-are thereunto subscribed, being Shipowners. Mer- f

chants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, interest- ed in Shipping, residing in North Shields, and the Neigh- ' bourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships; And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, to Kelso Bridge whom the Petition of the several Persons thereunto sub- tg£n> re" feribing. Owners and Occupiers of Land adjoining, and near to, the River Tweed, in t,he Neighbourhood of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, the Bridge in the Petition mentioned having been thrown down by the very high Floods of the River Tweed sib late as the 22d of OBoherlaft; and that the Commit- > tee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;'and he re&d the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth > viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That about Forty Years ago a Bridge was built, chiefly by voluntary Subscription, across the River Twee below its Junction with the Tiviot, near Kelso, at an Expence of between Seven and Eight Thousand Pounds, which Bridge has been of great Advantage to that Part of the Country:

That by the very high Floods of the Tweed and Tiviot, in the M<pnth of Octoberlaft, the said Bridge was thrown down, whereby the Communication to and from the Northern and Southern Parts of the County of as well as the neighbouring Counties of Berwick and Northumberland, has been greatly impeded, the Fords on the said River being dangerous and often impassable; and that it would be of the greatest Advantage to the Public to have the said Bridge rebuilt, but as it will cost a very considerable Sum to rebuild the fame, and make the necessary Avenues thereto, and as there are no Funds for Payment thereof, the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament, for building the fame, and levying a Toll or Pontage thereon, or near thereto.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given, of the present Application, to Parliament, by Advertisement published Three Times in One of the Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Roxburgh, and by affixing the said Notice for Seven Days on the Door of the Town Hall of Kelso.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a - Bill for building a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh: And that Sir George Douglas and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill may be committed, do examine, in the First Place, how far the Order for giving the said Notices has been complied with, and do report the fame, to the House, on the Report of the said Bill.

JU .: Th$

We ft on T ur-ville Inclosure Bill, presented.

Alconbury HiU and Wans ford Bridge, &c. Hoads Petitions, reported.

Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill, committed.

Tetbury and Malmesbury, $cc. Hoads Bill, ordered.

442

3

s.

A. 1798.

The Earl Temple presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turville, in

the County of Buckingham: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fel/owes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads in the County of , thereinafter

described; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads in the County of thereinafter described, were severally referred; That no Person appeared before the Committee in Support of the First-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect of the Second-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentionedPe-tition, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts made for repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place called The White Poji, on Alconbury Hill, in the County of

Huntingdon, to Wansford Bin the said County; called the North Division of the North Road, and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, was read: And,

Mr. William Morley being examined, said, That great Frogress hath been made in the Execution of the said Acts, and that the Trustees have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereofalter-ed and tnlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the " Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing and amending -that Part of the Road leading ' f from a certain Place called The White Post, on " bury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, to Wansford " Bridge, in the said County, called the North Division of the North Road, and for repairing the Road " leading from Stilton, in the said County of " don, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of " Northampton," and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads: And that Mr. Fel/owes and Lord Viscount Hinckbigbrook do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill.for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making " and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from " near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of " Warwick, to communicate with the ltiver Severn near to the City of Worcester,"was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be coniniitted to Mr. Jervoise Clarke Jervoise, Sir John Mordaunt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Report, which was Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the

Leave to give Notices of ition

Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury to Chippenham Bridge, in the County or Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near jackaments Bottom, in the' laid County of Gloucester, and also, the Road from Faring-don to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at A cion Turville, and allb, from Sheif one to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, were leveraiiy referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Tetbury, in the County "of G/ouccfier, to and through Malmesbury, to " penham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from " Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jacka-. " meats Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester,. and " also the Road from Far ring den to Cricklade, from " thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road " at Action Turville, and also from to the Turn-

" pike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath," and for repairing and widening several other Roads communicating the rewith: And that Mr. Buxton and Mr Ef court do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circum fiances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the Eafer Quarter Saliions for paving to be holden for the County of Wilts, and Three Maimeibury, Times in the Newspaper called The Loyal Salijlury and WefernPublic Advert izer, in the present Month

of April, and in the Month of Mayor either of them,

of the Application to Parliament for a Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other public Patlages and Places, within the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wills, and the Avenues leading into the fame, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Pari Hi of Petition in so-

John Southwark, in Vestry assembled, was presented to vmi!'0pSo'1f the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for Bill. making a new Road ot Street from Freejchool,

Sout/tzvark, to LilliputHull Bridge in Bermondsey; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-

first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the fame, and other Roads adjoining: And praying.

That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holjord and Mr. The Lords

Smith: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Gloucester Act for enlarging, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and ci-.elten-and from thence to the End of the then next Sc (lion of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Hy the Paving. c. Bill. *

Cricktey Hill and North-leach, frc. Road Bill.

Medstead and Bentworth Inclosure Bill, with an Amendgient.

PefcocTs BRate Bill, committed.

Bill respectIng Aliens, deferred.

Committee on Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, See, and granting others.

Petition from Quakers for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

38 Geo. lit §6 Jpri443

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the Town and Port or Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the Couqty of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Top of in the County of Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford, and , and, Parishes of

'Handborough and Bladoit, to , in the Parish of

Kidlington, in the County of ', and also the Road from Campsfteld to the Turnpike Road at or near En-

Jlow Bridge, in the said County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes of and

Bent worth, in the County of Southampton; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Pefcod, Esquire, a Lunatic, or his Committee, to execute Conveyances, Surrenders, and , Alignments, of such of the Estates devised by the Will of William Pefcod, Esquire, deceased, in'Trust, for Payment- of his Debts and Legacies, as are, or shall be, fold under the Decree of the High Court of Chancery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildmay, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations " respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

♦ The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had, directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Religious Society of Friends, commonly called Quakers, was presented to the House, and VoL -53-

read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners; although they have continually lamented the Miseries occasioned to the Natives of Africa by the Slave Merchants of England, and the Want of Success even of the Measures which have been attempted in, the House for their Relief, have not, until lately, believed it their Duty again to solicit the Attention of the House to the extreme Injustice of the Traffic, and to the Injury which it produces to the Morals of the People, and to the Welfare of the Nation; for, however trite may be the Assertion, it remains a-Truth that Righteousness exalts a Nation, and, therefore, that the Public Sanction of Injustice, so flagrant as a Trade in the Persons of Men, is among the Causes which induce National Calamity; and it is to be deplored, that it should be necessary to urge the Extirpation of this cruel Trade by any other Motive than its own inherent Evil, but in these Times, pregnant with Alarms, it surely becomes us, if there be any Truth in our Professions of Trust in the Providence of the Almighty, to endeavour to recommend ourselves to His Protection, by forbearing to blast the Comforts ' of so large a Part of His rational Creation; and that the Petitioners trust they are adverting to an incontrovertible Truth, when they request the House of Commons to recollect that, compared with Divine Protection, all human Efiorts are as a Thing of nought; and that the Almighty can protest with equal Ease in the Hour of extreme Perplexity as in the Time of less impending Danger; and that the Evil of the Slave Trade is not now unknown and obscure, it has been proved at the Bar of the House, and has been con. demned by their Voice: 'Still, nevertheless itfubfifts; and fubfilcs with unabated Rapacity: The Petitioners, therefore, once more earnestly bclcech the House to take such Steps for its immediate Abolition as may warrant and animate the Hope of a Continuance of Divine Favour to this our Country, by the Reflection that our Country at Length ceales to spread Desolation over the Regions of Africa.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the Resolution which. Motion re. upon the ift Day of May 1792, was reported from boi'k of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- the slave ferred to consider of Measures to be taken for the Abo- Trade, lition of the Trade carried on by BSubjects for the N's' Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That, from and after the ill Day of Ja-

" nv.ary 1796, it shall not be lawful to import any African " Negroes into any British Colonies or Plantations."

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited;

And the Question being proposed, That this House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion;

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Jour- nal of the House, of the 6th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty, respecting the Negroes in the West Indies, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That this House dp now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tcllerc for the Yeas \uiHMmp: }83-

Tellers for the Noes.Um!' f «7

So it passed in the Negative.

The

3° — 4°

Bill for en-

lyr'-/'- tilt *

Tii.

F.'l

.ip-

n

Pi '7t ClUlcS,

deterred.

Bill to mn.i-Y:.rc certain Oiiiccs in the Customs, deferred.

Sr vr.nts, Car-ri.» Co, Lc.

D«V Bill,

deferred *

444

The other Orders of Hie Day being read;

And the House having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on WednesdayMorning;

' Refofved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the bill for declaring the Validity of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated the Sixth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and fi»r permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have elapsed in such Special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to abolish, certain Of-, ficcs, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, was committed be received this Day.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof.

A: 1798U

Manufacturers, and Tradesmen,- residing in Harwich, MiJUey, and Mctnningtree, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of several Persons, whose.Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in Greenock, Port , and the

Neighbourhood, in the County of North

Britain: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in the Towns of Dy-

fart, East and West Wemyfs, , and Largo,

and in the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, and others; residing at Whitby, and the Neighbourhood thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Matters of Ships: And praying. That the fafne may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Cat-cot Divi-, fion and Allotment Bill, committed.

Hamham Hill Ho td Bill, committed.

Haillon In cioiure Kill, committed.

Petitions in favour of Ship Owners Bill.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Alercuriiy 4.0 die;

Anno 38° Georgii III'" Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pallurc and Turbary Lands, and for exchanging and allotting the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and for Hinting and regulating the (locking and depasturing certain Droves, in the Village or Hamlet of Catcot, within the Parish of in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That tine Bill be committed to Mr. Henniker Major, Mr. Dickinson, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally palfed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hamham Hill, near the City of in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis John Browne, Mr. Merton Pitt, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Sneaker's Chamber.

A Bill for allotting and dividing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying within the several Parishes of and Hauxtou,

and certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Picul, and PeJJil/s Field, and Part of a certain Moor called S he If ord Moor,

within Harston and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes of Little Shelfordand Nezvton, some or one of-them, all

in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Torke, General Adeane, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Ship Owners, Merchants,

<4 *

Sir John Honyzvocd presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extinguishingall Right of Common in, upon, or over, certain Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Parish of WJtipfnade, in the County of Bedford, and for enabling William Beckford, Esquire, the Owner of the said Woods or Wood Grounds, to inclose the fame, and for veiling a perpetual clear Yearly Rent Charge, to be issuing out of the same Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Compen-fiition for such Right of Common: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whip (hade Inclosure Bill, presented.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Pedmore and the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution so much of Two Acts, of the Second and ported. Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Ma- ' jesty, as relate to repairing the Road leading from Ped-more to Holly Hall, in the County of Worcester, called " The Pedmore and Holly Hall District ;" and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are-thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bids, had been complied with, in respect to the First-menlioned Petition; but that no Notices had been given of the Application for repairing the Branch of Road described in the Second-mentioned Petition, leading from Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to Blackin the Parish of Rowley, in the County of Stafford, which is about Three Miles and an Half in Length, and also "the Branch of Road leading from Dixon's Green, in the Parish of Dudley, to or near a Place called in the said

Parish of Dudley, which is about One Mile and a Quarter in Length, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament for Power to repair those Brandies of Road until it was too late to give the Notices as required by the said Standing Orders; and it appeared to the Committee, that the repairing the said Roads will be of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, as well as of Pubiic Utility, and that it is the general Willi of the Country that the same should be amended and kept in Repair; and that the Committee had also examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition *

BH1 for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes deferred.

38 Geo. III. 4 Aprilis.

445

tion, Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second jesty by any Order in Council shall authorize, be now Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending read.

and widening the Road leading from Colley Gate, in And the said Order being read accordingly)

Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other RefThat this House will, upon Seven-

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, night, the 17th Day of this Inllant April, resolve itself Stafford, and Salop, were read: And, into the said Committee.

Mr. James Bourne being examined, said. That a con- The House was moved. That the Copy of an Order of siderable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Cre- Council, of 30th 1798, for permitting Appeals

dit of the Tolls, authorized to be collected upon the from Sentences of the Vice Admiralty Courts of Ber-Piftrift of Road called " The Pedmore and Holly Hall muda and the Bahama Islands, which was presented to Distritft," which, with a large Arrear of Interest, now re- the House upon Monday last, might be read mains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Distritft of And the same being read accordingly;

Road effectually atpended and kept in Repair, unless Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instruction.

the Term granted by the said Acts be further con- mittee, That they have Power to makt Provision in the tinued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and said Bill, for rendering, valid the said Order of His enlarged. Majesty in Council. I

That a certain Piece of Road, leading from Queen's Cross, at Dudley, to Blower's Green in the Parish of Dud- A Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, ley, containing in Length about 745 Yards, which is passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His jn<r stjamlv mow under the Care of the Trustees of the Dudley and present Majesty, intituled, "An Act- for dividing the Panth, Bristol,

Bromsgrove Turnpike Road, might be more conveni- " Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of C01unuUtJ‘ ently amended and kept in Repair, if the same was to be " Brijloland County of and for building a put under the Care of the Trustees for the said Pedmore " Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard, and Holly Hall District, and made Part of that Districft " and Parsonage House, within the new Parish," was of Road; and that if a Road was to be continued from read a Second Time.

thence, to or near the Lime Kilns belonging to the Re- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. presentatives of William Fullard, deceased, and near the the Lord Sheffield, &c.: And they are to meet this Dudley Canal Bridge, on the said Road, in the Parish of Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Dudley aforesaid, it would be the means of opening a Chamber, nearer and more convenient Communication between the Town of Dudley, and the Towns of Bromsgrove and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for Ad-Worcester., and the several manufacturing Places in the the Administration of Assets in Cafes where the Exccu-Neighbourhood thereof, and would also be of great for, to whom Probate has been granted, is out of the dered.

Benefit to Trade, and to all Persons refidingor having Realm: And that Mr. and Sir William do

Estates in that Part of the Country, and of Public prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Utility.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned A Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Linlithgow Petition, Mr. Bourne being further examined, said, Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-fifth oads Eui, That the Road leading from Dudley to Blackheatk, in Years of the Reign, of His present Majesty, for making, committed! the Parish of Rowley, in the County of Stafford, and also amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads the Road leading from Dixon's Green, in the Parish of from the new Bridge over the Water of on the

Dudley, to or near a Place called Bumblehole, in the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, said Parish of Dudley, are in a very ruinous Condition, by Bathgate to in the County and

narrow, and inconvenient for Carriages and Passengers, certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and-cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein, was read hut that if the same were to be put under the Care of a Second Time.

4 he Trustees for the said Pedmore and Holly Hall Districft, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr

and effectually amended and kept in Repair, it would °IL Mr. Heron, &c.: And they are to meet this After-be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, of the Town of Dudley, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and to all Persons residing or having Estates in the A Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, the Beverley, &c. Line of such Roads, and likewise of Public. Utility. Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several. Parishes,

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table/ Lo.rdships, Townllrips, Hamlets, Precincts, and Terri-Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances for.ies, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grovehill, -mentioned in the said Report, Leave.be granted that holme, In ohfcroft, Leckonfield, Arram,

Notices may be given at the next General Quarter $ef- brough, Kilnwick, fions of the Peace to be holden for the Counties of Wor- Watton, anfivtck, Rotjea, Feather holme, Skerne,

cester and Stafford, and Three Times in the Newspapers Brigham, Nafferton, Harpham,

called The Worcester Herald and Staffordshixc Advertizer, tie Kelk Carnaby, Fraifthorp, Burton-Agnes,

in the present Month of April, and in the Month tnoor, Liffet, Barmflon, Otherwise Over am,

of May next, or either of them, of the Application to Dringhoe, Beef or d. Brandes-Burton,

-Parliament for repairing the Branch of Road leading Moor-Town, Leven, Emmot/and,

-from Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to Blackheath, House,.and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the in the Parish of Rowley, in the County of Stafford, and County of was read a Second Time.

also, the Branch of Road leading from Dixon's Green, Jief That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilber-in the Parish of Dudley, to or near a Place called Bum- force, Mr.. Henry &c.: And they are to meet,

blehole, in the said Parish of Dudley. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House -to resolv.e itself into a Committee of the whole House, -upon the Bill for declaring the Validity of an' Order of , His Majesty in Council, dated the Sixth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after l'uch Time shall have elapsed in such Special Causes as His Ma- Y ql. 53.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bi 11 for regu-jefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon |j‘l';nrjnt u'of the Bill for regulating the dripping and carrying of s!avt 'du'ec Slaves in British Vessels from the Coalt of Africa; reJ-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the 26th Day of this Instant April, resolve itfcll into the said Committee.

5 X Ordered,

Accounts ordered s

Ships entered Inwards in the West Indies from Africa,

Bounties paid to Captains, ice.

446 4 Aprilis.1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Ships that have entered Inwards in the several Ports in the British West Indies from dif-

tinguishing from what Part of the Coast, from the 5th January 1796 to the latest Period to which the same can be made up, distinguishing the Time of Entry, the Ship's Name and Tonnage, the Mailer's Name, and the Number of Mariners at the Time of the 'Ship's Arrival, the Number of Slaves taken on Board, the Number that died in their Passage, together with the Number that arrived at the Port of Importation in the West Indies, particularizing their Sex, Height, &c. likewise Copies of the Journals of the Mailers or Commanders arid Surgeons of the several Slave Ships, required to be transmitted from the by the

Act of the Twenty-eighth of His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Bounties paid out of the Revenues of Customs to the Mailers and Surgeons of the Slave Ships, under the Act of the Twenty-eighth of His Majesty, Chap. 54, and the subsequent Acts, from the Commencement of the said Act until the latell Period to which the same can be made up, distinguishing the Payment of each Year.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Lift of Pen-, Addrest to His Majesty, f‘"! f£"

A Lift of Pensions granted since the 1 ft Day of prdewaL January 1792, together with the Names of the Persons to whom, or in Trull for whom, the said Pensions Jiave been granted, and the Amount of the fame.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

The said Lift is as followeth;

LIST of PENSIONS granted since the ill Day of January 1792, together with the Names of the Persons to whom, or in Trull for whom, the said Pensions have been granted, and the Amount of the fame.

Dates of Grants.

1792.

4th February. 2 d October.

6th November.

1793 13th March.

21st May.

1

D - - D°.

18 th June. 25th D°.

6th July.

17 th D°. 20th D°. D° - - D°.

D° - - D°.

D - - D°. D° - - D . D" - - D°. D - - D°. D° - - D°.

D°- - D°. D - -> D\

D° - - D°. D° - - D . D3- - D°.

ad September.

NAMES.

Arabella Dorothea Lockman -

William Mori and, Esq; for the Life of his Daughter, Harriet Bernard, Wife of Scrope Bernard, Esq; - -

Lady Elinor Butler -

George Burghall, Esq; ——

Samuel Starbuck, and his Wife Abigail Starbuck, respectively and successively, in consideration of his having removed from Nova Scotia, where he was employed in the Southern Whale Fishery, and settled with his Family at Milford Haven ——

Timothy Folger, and his Wife Abigail Abiel Folger D - -D°-Sarah Hawkins, Widow of Pennel Hazvkins, Esq; (Expired) -James Hayes, Esq; -

Betty Clerk Chamberlayne and Caroline and the 7

Survivor of them - -

William F> aferand Lieutenant Colonel Frafer, in Trull for 7

Mary Frafer - - - - -' J

Edmund Antrobus and Coutts Trotter, in Trull for Eleanor 7 Mollefon -'- - J

Benedict Arnold and Thomas Morrison, Esqrs; in Trull, for the,) following Children, viz. Edward James I

Robertson Arnold, Sophia Matilda Arnold, and George Ar- 1 nold, £. 100 each- - J

Sir John Call, Bart, and John Roberts, Esq; in Trull for Sarah 7 Bates - -J

Penelope Am Cooke - - - - .

Elizabeth Cooke - - - -

Maria Cooke '- - - - .

Elizabeth Davy - -

John Fordyce and William Fullarton, in Trull for 7

ton Gordon - - - - J

William Auguflits Miles, Esq; ——

Sir George Osborne, Bart, and John Ley, Esq; in Trull for 7 Jane Wrax a 11 - - - - -3

William Smith and John Farhill, in Trull for Anna Cranfurd -The Honourable Thomas Walpole - -

Caleb Whitefoord, Eft]; ——

Robert Halifax and Catharine Halifax, Widow of the late Bishop of St. Asaph, in Trull for the following Children, viz.Gertrude, Charlotte, Marianne, Caroline, Catharine, and Elizabeth Halifax, £. 60 each -

AmouQt.

£-.

During Pleasure. 33 10 —

- - - . - - 554

During Pleasure. ibo

Ditto. 300

During the I

Term of their > 169

natural Lives. 1 J

Ditto. 169 — — -

During Pleasure. 393

Ditto. 500

Ditto. 66 13 4

Ditto. 600

Ditto. 300

Ditto. 400

Ditto. 500 r

Ditto. . 150

Ditto. J75

Ditto. 75

Ditto. 32 10 —

Ditto. 200

Ditto. 300

Ditto. 400

Ditto. 400

Ditto. 500

Ditto. 200

Ditto. 360

William-

38 Geo. Ill

Dates of Grants.

1793-

6th September.

18 th D\

D" - - D®. 9th Octo D" - - D®. D® - - D®. D° - - D®. D® - - D®. D® - - D®. D® - - D®. D®- - D". D® - - D®.

x794-

20th January.

loth April.

21 ft D®.

ift July.

D® - - D®.

D® - - D".

D® - - D".

2/th D®.

20th September.

25 th D®.

D® - - D®. loth November. D® - - D". D® - - D". D»- - D®.

1795

20th January.

D® - - D°. D® - - D®. 24th February.

21st March.

D® - - D®.

9 th July.

2 2d December.

1796.

I ft July. 27th D".

8 th September.

28th D®.

1797 *

29th March.

nth July. VOL. 53.

0

4° Aprilis.

447

N A M.E S.

William Fawkener, Esq; in Addition to a Pension of £. 200 7

per Annum, granted to him in 1763 - - - -3

Jeremy Sneyd, in consideration of his long and faithful Ser- 1 vices in the Office of His Majesty's Secretary of State > for Foreign Affairs - J

Elizabeth Sneyd, Wife of D® D®

Margaret Wolters - -

Catherine Gertrude Robinson - -

Lewis Ernest Hake - - (Expired) -

Lackford Hart - -

Ann Flint, Widow ——

Ditto, in Trust for the Two Eldest of her 8 Children -Frances Francis ——

Elizabeth Francis - - - -

Catherine Callow -

Captain Evelyn Sutton ——

Ann Christie - - - - -'-

James Rivers, Esq; -

Samuel Rose, in Trust for William Cowper - -

Lady Albinia Cumberland ——

Henry Hobart and Richard Cumberland, Esqrs; in Trust for 7 Harriet' Elizabeth Margaret Cumberland - - - )

Ditto, in Trust for Albinia Elizabeth Cumberland -Thomas Lord Walsingham, in Trust for George and Thomas Del Grey, and the Survivor / - - - -)

Right Honourable Edmund Burke, during the joint Lives of 7 himself and his Wife Jane Burke, and the Survivor of them 3 William Webjler and his Wife, and the Survivor -Thomas English - -

Elizabeth Ewart, Widow -

Ditto, in Trust for her Son John Ewart -

Ditto, in Trust for her Daughter Elizabeth Ewart Ditto, in, Trust for her Daughter Mary Ewart -

Frances Ann Allen -

Jane Morley - - - - -v -

Mary Coulson, Widow ——

Henry Bunbury, Esq; 7 until he shall be provided for in His 7 During Pleasure, or Majesty's Service - - - 3

Right Honourable Sylvester Douglas, during the Term of his> natural Life, but to cease and determine when he shall accept and be in actual PolFession of any Office or Place, for the Term of his natural Life, either in Great Britain or Ireland, of the clear Yearly Value of £.1,000, or upwards; or when he shall accept and be in atftual Possession of the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, &c. then and in that same the said Annuity to be suspended, and the Payment thereof to cease for and during the Time he shall be in actual Possession of the said last mentioned Office, but in case he shall be removed therefrom, then the said Annuity or Yearly Sum is to become payable as before - - - - 7

Right Honourable Sylvester Dougla, during the joint Lives 1 of himself and Frederick Sylvester North Douglas his Son, > and the Survivor of them - - - - J

Dorothy Balmer - ..

John and Andrew Hollingsworth, in Trust for Sarah Adams - -

Sir James Bland Burgess, Bart.

Thomas Coutts, Esq; in Trust for Lady Augujla Murray -Sir Robert Ainjlie, Knt. during the joint Lives of His Majesty and himself - -

Sir John Hint, Bart, for Services as Consul General at Lisbon -

Peggy Edgconbe, Widow Mary Henrietta Erskine

During Pleasure.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

During Pleasure. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

During Pleasure.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

During Pleasure.

Ditto. Ditto.

Amount.

d.

£. s.

100 —

336 —

336 — 248 — 600 — 248 — 100 — 66 — 66 — 60 — 60 — 50 —

2 co — 18 11 446 — 300 — ' 400 --

IOO ---

IOO —

1,200 --

1,200---

65 -

i47 -

645 —

I 2 I -

121 ---

121 — .

65 --

5° ——

35 ——

500 ——

600 ——

600 ——

50 ——

300 ——

1.200 ----- ,

1.200 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

196 ——

400 — —

Rev.

448

4° Apri

A. 1798.

Dates of Grants.

1797 *

19th July.

ad September.

D# - - D8.

17 th Nov.

1798.

13th January. 7th February. 20th March.

179a. 5th Jto/w.

id October.

1796.

1 ft

1797 14th September.

7 th November.

19 3-

13 th November.

17th Aty. 26th

4th October. 23d D8.

4794. 30th Afay.

26th A

NAMES.

Rev. George Hooten Hyde, Continuation of a Grant from 7 King William and Queen Maty to his Family for Services 3 Lady Mary Mordaunt -

Lady Frances Bulkeley ——

James Tyrrell Ross, Esq; ——

Thomas Mudge - -

Harriet Am Maclaine - -

Lydia Brooks, Widow of the late Samuel one of His Majesty's Mefi'engers in Ordinary

CONTINGENT PENSIONS.

Right Honourable Lord Grenville and Charles Clerk, in Trust for

Harriet Margaret King, Wife of John King, Esq; one of the Under Secretaries of State, during her natural Life, to commence at the Death of Mr.

King, or whenever he shall cease to hold the Office of Under Secretary of State, or any other Office or Offices, Salary or Salaries, from or under Government to the clear Annual Value of 400, with a Provision, that if Mr. King shall in future be in Possession of any Offices or Salaries of the clear Annual Value of £. 400 as before mentioned, then, during such Time as he shall be in the Enjoyment of the fame, the said Pension granted as aforesaid to determine and cease to be paid - - - .

William Pollock and Frederick Booth, Esq; in Trust for Margaret Nepean, Wife "| of Evan Nepean, Esq; one of the Under Secretaries of State, during her I ~ natural Life, to commence upon the Death of the said Nepean, or f

when he shall cease to hold the said Office of Under Secretary of State - - J

Amount *

£. s. d.

During Pleasure. 50 .

Ditto. 400

Ditto. 200 — — 1

Ditto. 250 ‘ *

Ditto. 130 — —

Ditto. 200

Ditto. IOO — —

Jane Aujl, Wife of George Aujl, Esq; late one of the Under Secretaries of

State, to commence from the Death of the said George Aujl, and to tinue during Pleasure - -

es of I con- £

Sarah Anne Wilmot, Wife of John Wilmot, Esq; to commence from the Death of the said John Wilmot, and to continue during Pleasure. Granted in consequence of Mr. Wilmot's Services in executing the Provisions of I the Act of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for giving Relief f to such Personsas have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the 1 late unhappy Dissensions in America - J

Elizabeth Hayter, Wife of the Rev. John Hayter, and to Sophia Hayter tlfeir 7

Daughter, respectively and successively, to commence from the Death of j the said John Hayter, and to continue during Pleasure - - - -J

None of the above Pensions have yet taken Effect.

PENSIONS to late Ministers at Foreign Courts.

William Lindsay, Esq; late Resident at Venice-, to continue until otherwise pro- 7 vided for in His Majesty's Service, or until determined by Warrant from > His Majesty - (Expired) ‘ - J

Lord Viscount Torrington, late Mirtifter Plenipotentiary to the Court of! Brujj'els; to continue until otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service, > or until determined by Warrant from His Majesty - - - - J

Charles Keene, Esq; late Charge d'Affaires at Stockholm-, to continue until-otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service, or until determined by > Warrant from His Majesty - - .

William Barnier, Esq; late Charge d'Affaires at Peterjbitrgh; to continue until otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service, or until determined by Warrant from His Majesty ——

Sir Robert Murray Keith, late Envoy Extraordinary at Vienna; to continue until otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service, or until determined > by Warrant from His Majesty - (Expired)

Charles Logie, Esq; late Agent and Consul General at Algiers -, to continue 7 until otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service, or until determined > by Warrant from His Majesty - - -,- - - - - J

Lord Hervey, late Envoy Extraordinary at; to continue until other-

wife provided for in His Majesty's Service, or until determined by Warrant from His Majesty - (Expired) - .

1

554 -

643 ——

7 7 ~

400 — —

131 ——

600 ——

1,684 ——

2 5° ——

250 ——

2,250 -

460 ——

1,500 — — Lord

449

3 8 Geo. III. 40 Aprilis.

Dates of Grants. NAMES. Amount.

1797 28th January. f - ..... Lord Malmesbury, late Ambassador Extraordinary to the States General of" £ t. d.

1 D° - - D\ The United Provinces;to continue uptil otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service, or until determined by Warrant from His Majesty -Lord St. Helens, late Ambassador Extraordinary to the States General of The 2,300

26 th June. United Provinces; to continue until otherwise provided for in His Ma- > jesty's Service, or until determined by Warrant from His Majesty Thomas Walpole, Esq; late Envoy Extraordinary to the Elector; to 2,300

1798. 7 th February. continue until otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service, or until > determined by Warrant front His Majesty - - - - J Major General Gardiner, late Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court of ;' 1 800

D - D°. to continue until otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service, or until > determined by Warrant from His Majesty - - - J Francis Drake, Esq; late Minister Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Genoa; 1 to continue until otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service, pr until > determined by Warrant from His Majesty - - -' ? - J CONTINGENT PENSIONS to late Ministers: William Favckener, Esq; late Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the N Most Faithful Queen, for negotiating Commercial Arrangements, and to the Empress of Russia, for assisting in certain Negotiations in that Court; 600

1793- 6 th September. 600 — ‘ — 7

1795-|t6th February. to commence when he shall cease to hold his present Office of One of the,) Clerks of the Privy Council, and not be in Possession of any other Office or Place of equal Value, Or until determined by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual - - - 7 - 7, / Lord Auckland, employed in several Millions to France, Spain, and Holland, to > continue until otherwise provided for in His Majesty's Service: to be suspended nevertheless when and from the Time his Son William Elliot Eden be- 1,000 — — -

> 1798. J2th January. comes possessed of the Office of One of the Four Tellers of the Exchequer, and to continue to be suspended as long as his said Son shall continue in the Possession of the said Office - - (Suspended) - - George Hammond, Esq; late Minister Plenipotentiary to the United States of" America; to commence when he shall cease ‘to hold his present Office of 1,900 — r —:

Under Secretary of State, and not be in Possession of any other Office or Place of equal Value, or until determined by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual ----- - None of the above Pensions have yet taken Effcift, except Lord Auckland's, which is suspended. 1,200 — — r ' '

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 4th April 1798.

Charles Long.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, i to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Lift be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, oint°dd' That eay be g'vcn to bring in a Bill, for appointing Sonal Com- additional Commissioners for putting in Execution an missioners of Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, " An venTry l0r " Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land frithjirawk Tax to be raised jn Great f for the Service of the Voj-. 5 ,

" Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight,'' as far as relates to the County of the City of

And the said Motion was, with L ave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bi II for regu preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and N s publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, ordered. ' by Persons not known, and for regulating the printing (

and Publication of such Papers in other Keipefts:

And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr.-Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary

5 Y

15°

it War, the Matter of the Rolls, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. *

A Message from the Lord's, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A.<ft to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide ior the Defence and Security of the Realm,- during the ardent War; and for indemnifying Persons who may 'utter in their Property by such Measures as may be leccflarjt for that Purpose; without any Amendment; \nd also,

The Lords' have agreed to she Bill, intituled, An \ft to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation if Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the 'we:ity-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hun red and Ninety-nine; to the permitting the Exporta-ion of Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, to lie British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West ndies, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One houland Eight hundred and Two; to the allowing he Importation of Rape Sfced, and other Seeds used jr extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit, until he Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven undred and Ninety-nine; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the md Seas and Davis's Sfreights, until the Twenty-fifth )ay of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to the more effectual Encouragement 6f he Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great,

ntil the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand even hundred and Ninety-nine; to the ascertaining lie Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, until ie First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred nd One; and so much of an Act, made in the Thir-y-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ir better securing the Duties oh Glass, as was to con-inue for a limited Time, until the Fifth Day of July )ne thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; with-mt any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1798.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whble House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and- on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Ftind, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for. granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die;

Anno 38 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798. Praters.

40 — 50 Aprilis.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

0 consider further of an Act, made in this present session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting

an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," be now ead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, fhat Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

-r 1, r iv f Mr. Solicitor General,7 Tellers for the Yeas. { w/ rhmtM; .05.

1, c .1 -nt f Sir William Pulteney, 1 Tellers for the-Nocs, BaftJ ‘3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

nittec.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. llubart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. / lob art reported from the Committee, That they

iad made a further Progress in the Matter to them re-

1 rred; and that he was directed by the Committee to nove, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this' House will, Tomorrow Morn-tig, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, o consider further of the said Act.

A MESS AGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by 'virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Conj- million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Af-sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal'Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Marquis of Sa-lifbury, and the Lord Kenyon, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the; said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day

of

Southern Whale Fishe- ries Bill, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, &c. and granting others, deferred.

Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Customs, deferred.

Servants, Carriages, &c. Duties Bill, . deferred.

Royal Assent to Bills.

38 Geo. III. 5° Aprilis.

45i

of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two,

licet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of S,therein particularly described, for a limited Time and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland:

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose: .

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred apd Ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, on the Sixth

Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for disallowing the Bounty on Sail Cloth or Canvas, the ManufadlUre of Great , exported to Ireland: -

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Two; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extradling Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British, Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great , until

the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and One; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine:

An Act to revive and continue, until the Conclu-fion of the present War, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Twenty-five, vi, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-leven, for authorizing His Majesty to permit the Exportation of an additional Quantity of Wheat, and other Articles, to the Islands of Jersey, and Al-

derney:

An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to the Government of The United Provinces, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons, within the said Provinces, without Licence for that Purpose; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between" Great Britain and France, all traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, to the said United P, and to the Per-

VOL. 53.

fons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government:

An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; respecting the Performance of Quarantine; for punching Persons acting contrary to any Order in Council which maybe made for laying any Embargo on Ships-or Vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent Importation of Glass into this Kingdom; for permitting the Removal of Coffee and Cocoa Coast-wife, for the greater Convenience of Exportation ;-to authorize thef Commissioners of the Customs to return the Duties paid on Goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the Landing thereof; to prevent Vessels licensed by the Admiralty from being engaged in any Trade or Employment not permitted by their Licences; for permitting Wines put on board any of His Majesty's Ships to be removed from one Ship to another without being first landed and warehoused; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thiity-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Wines delivered into the Charge of the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Falmouth:

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers:

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an Act,-made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works in the Counlies of Kent and Devon, and to certain Owners and Occupiers of Lands who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Act 1

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, in the 'Town and Port ot Hythe, and Liberty thereof, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouze, at in

the County of Sussex:

An Act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amending the Powers, of Two Acts, respectively made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his l \te Majesty King George the Second, and t in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a Branch from the said Road, upon Castle-Jowerby Pasture, to Caldbeck, all in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for continuing for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditdf-ling, in the County of Sussex, and also for repairing and widening the Road from Ubley's Farm, in the Parish of Hurjlperpoint, to the Marie Pit opposite to Nevclimbef Broad Lane, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumjries, to continue in Force until the First Day of May One thousand Eight hundred and Nineteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament} and for converting the Statute

Labour

452 5° Apri1798.

Labour within the said County into Money, and ap- or Moor called South and other Waste Grounds,

plying the same towards repairing the Highways within within the Towship of in the North Riding

the said County: of the County of Tcrk:

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and

improving, the Road from Combe Bridge, through Wins- Commonable Pastures, and forexchanging, allotting, ley and Bradford, to St aver ton, and the Road from Brad- and improving, the Open and Commonable Arable ford Bridge to Cockhill Gate, and the Road from the Lands, within the Hamlet of Chilton, in the Parish of Bottom of MaJ'on s Lanernear the Town of Bradford, Moorlitich, in the County of Somerset:

all in the County of Wilts, to join the Turnpike Road An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and leading from the City of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset, and also fe- Commonable Places, lying and being within the Manor vcral other Roads leading from or near the said Roads and Parish of Emberton, in the County of

in the said County of Wilts, and for maintaining a ham:

Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the same An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer-County: tain Open and- Common Fields, lying within the

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and several Tythings of Upton and Milton, within the Parish from thence tQ the End of the then next Session of of Eafi Ktioyle, otherwise Knoyle, in the County

Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of of Wilts:

Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present within the Township or Liberty of in the

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Ci- County of Nottingham

renceflerto the d own of Stroud, and that Part of Rod- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open, Arable, borough Hill which leads to Dudbridge, and also the and Common Fields, Downs, Pastures, and Common-

Road leading from Cirencefcr towards Bijley, so far as the able Lands, within the Parish of Guiting Power, in the

Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester: County of

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, al- . An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all tering, and improving, the Road from the Town of the Commons and Waste Lands in the Townships of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Broughton, and Bunnell, within the Manor

d'ownship of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale-, and and Parish of Ha warden, in the County of Flint:

also the Road from the said Place called The White An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Smithy, by a Place called Befies Of the Barn, to the Town Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com-of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of,

Befies of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge-, and also the Lane in the County of Northampton:

called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Towmship of Prestwich, all An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the in the 'County Palatine of Lancaster: Common Fields Common. Meadows, Common Paf-An Act for enlarging, for the Term of Twenty-one tures, and all other Commonable Lands, within the Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Himlet of Kelmfcot, in the Parish of in

Session of Parliament, the'1'erm and Powers of an Act, the County of Oxford;

made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His pre- An Act for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and im-sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads proving, the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, leading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons Wastes, and and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester: other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Town-

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and ship of Meffingham, and that Part of the Hamlet of from thence to the End of the then next Session of Eafi in the Parish of Meffingham, in the

Parliament, the Term of Two Acts, made in the Twen- County of Lincoln:

ty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common George the Second, and in the Eighth Year of the Reign Fields, Mesne Inclosures, and Waste Lands, within of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Township of Ulley, in the several Parishes of Tree-the Roads from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County ton and Afion, in the West Riding of the County of

of Gloucester, to Frog Mill, through the Towns of North- York:

leach, Burford, and Witney, and Parishes of Handborough An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Wanoflrocht

and B/adon, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in An Act for naturalizing Jacob Reichard and Petep

the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Camps- Raymond Poland, field to the Turnpike Road at or near Enfiow Bridge, in

the said County of Oxford: The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

An Act for vesting divers Land.s and Hereditaments, Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, in the Parish of Chitlingley, otherwise Chiddingly, in An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the the County of Sussex, Part of the settled Estate of the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Reverend Henry Chatfield, Clerk, in him and his Heirs, field and Bentworth, in the County of Southampton.

and for substituting and settling other Lands and Here- And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-ditaments in the Parishes of Balcombeand Wefihoathly, loweth; viz. V

in the said County, the Estate and Inheritance of the Pr. 17. 1. 24. After " insert "and the said Henry Chatfield, of greater Value, in lieu thereof: " Patrons."

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Com- The said Amendment being read a Second Time, mons, and Waste Grounds, within that Part of the W'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by Manor of Albert on, in the Barony of Gilfiand, which the House, .

lies within the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill to the Cumberland: , Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Com- to the Amendment made by their Lordships. mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Upper

Denton and Nether Denton, within, and Parcel of, the The Lord Bingham reported from the Committee, Barony ot Gilfiand, in the County of Cumberland: to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers

An Aft_ for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the of the Poor, and several of the principal Inhabitants Open Town Field called Sower by Field, a certain of the Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty Stinted Pasture called The Ox Moor, and a Common of Saint ,in the County of Hertford, whole

Names

Lords

Amendment to Medstead and Bent-worth Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Petition re-fneding certain Rates of the Parish of St. Peter (St. Alban's), reported.

38 Geo. III. 50 Apr Ms, 453

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the same maypafs into a Law, and that the Petitioners the Committee had examined the Matter of the said may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, shall seem meet.

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read' the Order That the said Petition do lie upon the Report in his Place; and1 afterwards delivered it in Table.

at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and

is as followeth; viz. A Bill to continue Two Acts, the one passed in the Lobcombe

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty "(,ra nd 'Thomas CumberBeing examined, laid, That in the Years King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re- Bridge Roa'd *

1786, 1787, and 1788, the Churchwardens and Over- " pairing and widening the Roads leading from commit-

seers of the Poor of the said Parish did, with the Con- " Corner, in the Parish of to

sent of the principal Inhabitants, at Vestries legally assembled, borrow of different Persons the Sum of £. 2,790 upon Annuities, for the Purpose of repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish: And,

Mr. James Daly, a Surveyor and Builder, being examined, said, That the said Parish Church was. in a very ruinous and dangerous State, and that the said Money was duly laid out and expended in repairing the said Church: Then,

Mr. Thomas Cumber being further examined, said. That for securing the Payment of such Annuities, the said Churchwardens and Overseers, together with several of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, did, in pursuance of several Orders of Vestry, enter into Bonds to the Persons who had advanced the above Sum of Money, for Payment to them, during their respective Lives, out of the Annual Assessments which should be made on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, such Yearly Annuities upon the Sums respectively advanced as were agreed upon at such Vestries: And,

John Cowper, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Churchwardens and Overseers have paid to the several Annuitants, out of the Church Rates which have been made and assessed upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, their Annuities as they became due, until on or about the Year 1795? but since that Time they have not been able to raise and pay the same, without advancing a Part thereof out of their own private Monies, to prevent Actions being brought against them, owing to some of the Inhabitants having refused to pay their Quota to such Rates, alledging that the same were made from the Poor's Rates, against which they had appealed as being illegal and contrary toLaw: That by reason of fu'ch Refusal, the present Churchwardens and Overseers are involved in great Difficulty and Distress, being wholly unable to pay the Annuities granted by their Predecessors in Office as they become due, and that unless Power is given to enable the Petitioners to satisfy the Claims of those Annuitants who are now living, as their Annuities become due, and all Arrears thereof, either by making and collecting Rates sufficient for that Purpose, or by some other Means, it will be attended with great Injury and Expence to the Petitioners, and all those who are engaged in the Bonds, as well as be the Means of producing much Mischief and Disorder in managing the Affairs of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint , in the Borough «md Liberty of Saint A, in the County of to raise Money, by Rates, or otherwise, for the better and more effectual discharging Annuities heretofore granted to certain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that the Lord Bingham and Mr. Bucknall do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Petition in fa- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ▼our of ti>« thereunto subscribed, who have advanced Money on for st.Cpeter Annuities for their Lives, granted by several Orders of (St. Alban's) Vestry of the Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Rates BUI. Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for the said Bill: And praying, That Vot. 53.

" in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of " Saint Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the " Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to " Ealing, and from Land fordaforesaid, through and " Teftwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of " ampton," and the other, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to Lyndhurf, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing the Footways within the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. docke Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Heron reported from the Committee, to whom Glafcow the Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, Sported! ' of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, by Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and other Roads communicating the rewith, and the Road from the Village of Gorbalsand New Bridge of Glasgozv,

by the Chapel of Cambufang, till it joins the Road from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards in the County of Renfrew; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at Dalmarnock, or Farme Ford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petitions in thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, owners Bui!P and Tradesmen, redding in the Town of Dundee, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in Edinburgh and Leith, and the Neighbourhood thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships: And praying.

That the same may pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Bradford and whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put j Peti-in Execution the several Acts, passed for repairing and tion, reported, widening the Road leading from Keighley to Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as the same relate to that Part of the Road which lies between

5 Z Bradford

5° Aprilis.

454

Bradford arid Wakefield, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined f he Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is os followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Ypir of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Widening the said Roads, were read; whereby it appealed that a Part thereof, being the Road from Bradford to Wakefield, is directed to be amended and kept in Repair: And,

Mr. John Hatdy being examined, said. That divers

Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising from that Part of the said Road which lies between Bradfotd and Wak, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the same cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair, nor the said Sums of Money so borrowed be effectually secured, unless the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act be continued and extended, and the Powers of the said several Acts altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, or Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalt, to , in the County of York: And that Mr. Henry and Mr.

Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of William Walk Esquire, of was

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North EJ, and the Water of in the said County; and Setting forth That, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Shape, it will materially affect the Interest of the Petitioner: And therefore praying to be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the several Acts passed for repairing and widening the Road from Dudley through Jkaw, to Killinghall, and from Beckwithjhaw to the South

West Corner of Harrogate Inclo, in the West Riding-of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it 3

A. 179$.

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of.an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Wharf, at Pool, as relates to the Roads from Keighley to Wakefield, and from dCeighley to and from Dudley Hill through Beckwithjhaw to Killinghall, and from Beckwithjhaw to the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read: And *

Mr. John Hardy being examined, said. That the Trustees, appointed by the said Acts, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and borrowed several, considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, from Dudley Hill to Killing hall, and to the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures; and that the said last mentioned Road cannot l?e effectually amended, widened, diverted, and kept in Repair, nor made so commodious for the Public as it might be, nor the said Sums of Money be repaid, unless the Term, granted by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, be continued and extended, and the Powers of the said several Acts altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one palfed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through Beckwitbjha, to Killinghall, /and from Beckwithjhaw to the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the 5th of April 1798; distinguishing each Quarter, and also the Duties imposed in 1793,

794 795> 796, and 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th of April 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 5th of April 1798; distinguishing the Dates thereof, and the Interest due on the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Select Committee, appointed further to examine and Hate the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they stood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof

had arisen-since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, lor each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Period: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands out-standing;on the 5th of January 1797; and of the ex-peftedTotal Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and to state an

Account

Accounts ordered:

Net Produce of Taxes.

Income and Change of Consolidated Fund.

Exchequer Bill out-standing.

Instruction to Committee of Finance.

8 GEO. III.

5

455

* jesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, fof the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " arid Ninety-eight."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-Branches of the Public Expenditure, and hbw far the retted him to report, when the House will please to re-

fame have been effectual; and also, what Increase or ceive the fame.

Diminution has taken place, tince the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount, of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether

any and what farther Measures can be adopeef for re- m

ducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for dimi- Order, a Bill to empower certain Courts to order the ."ces U

1.0. r~.«i a c„irr — ~i.. Expences, 'attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, CaiesofMif-

Account of the Progress that has been made in the Re-duttion of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sutns now annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may beexpetted to be made, as far as the same can at present Be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and to examine and consider what Regulations and Checks have beeh applied in order to control the several

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant April.

Mr fVilbtirforte preferited to the House, according to

nishing the Total Amourit of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services; That they do state an Account of the Public Revenue for the Year 1797; distinguishing the gross Receipt upon each Branch, the several Deductions incident thereto — their

to be paid out of the County Stock: And the same was received; and read the First Time *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

demeanors pre fented«

respective Charges of Management, their Net Produce, upon Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Instant

the Payments made thereout for National Purposes — April.

and the final Payments attually made into the Exchequer.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do state an Account of the Public

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr Haccording to Ordef; reported from the Bill forre-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill fot Jtaiiefon Funded Debt, as the same flood on the 5th Day of repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, Houses, &c. April 1798; distinguishing the different Funds in which on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and oihert rt it ii in veiled- — the Capital Stock of each Fund — the for granting to His Majesty Other Duties on Houses, ported. Annual Interest thereof — the Annual Interest of An- Windows, and Lights, and oh Inhabited Houses iri nuities for Terms — the Charges of Management — the lieu thereof; was committed, the Amendments which Annual Charge upon the Consolidated, i-unci — and An- the Committee had made to the Bill, nd which they nuity of/. 1 per Centum upon Capitals created since the had directed him'to report to the House; and he read

the Report in his Place J and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant April.

5th Day of January 1793.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That tUey do state an Account of the several Stocks or Annuities redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt between the ill Day of July 1786 and the 5th Day of April 1798, as they flood on the last mentioned Day in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and

Account of Sums subscribed at the Bank, ordered.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, appointed Report Own of the South Sea Company; distinguishing as to the Debt to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, thT]£!ti<h 011 previous to 1793, viz. its Amount, how much thereof and into the most effectual Means for their Improve- Fisherie . has been since redeemed, and what Sums are applicable ment and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to the Reduction thereof; and distinguishing also, as to to Time; with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; the subsequent Debt in like Manner, its Amount, how That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth;

far redeemed, and what Sums are applicable thefeto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums subscribed at the Bank under an Att, paired in the present Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; distinguishing the different

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Heads under which such Subscriptions were made, to That the present existing Atts, relative to the British

the latest Period at made up.

which the said Account can be

Bill respecting Aliena, deferred.

Herring Fisheries, should be continued to the ill Day of March 1799.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Cori- confi sideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the i8thDayof this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of

Bill toregii-

late certain Offices in tho

Hotife re-, solves to adjourn to 16th April.

Committee on Land Tax A

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Att, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations the said Report.

" respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident

t " therein, in certain Cafes;" Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the BH1 __

night, the 16th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself, to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other customi" rc-into the said Committee. Offices, in the Customs, and for applying the Fees P01 4-

which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Superannuation Fund, was committed *

House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com-16th Day of this Instant April. mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had

' made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into reported to the House; and he read the Report in his a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the of an Att, made in this present Session of Parliament, Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Ma- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Vol. 53. Second

v.

A. 1798

45 *

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That Officers in the Customs shall not be compelled to any additional Attendance.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon,' agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill,- with the Amendmens, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant April, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Supply, de- The House was moved, That the Order, made Yes-iciicd. . ter ay, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday Morning next, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 16th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

\y.n;s and The House was moved, That the Order, made Yes-. J C er terday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday Morning next, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 16th Day of this Instant , resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for incor- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon porating the Friday last, for reading a Second Time upon Tomorrow ers or North- Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant April, the Bill em Light- for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erect-hmties, defer- ing certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this. Instant April.

Committee on Bill for repealing the ' Duties on Servants, Carriages, &c. and

granting

©tliers.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing "the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant April.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 16° die Aprilis;

Anno‘38° Georgii III,li Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

i f

A PETITION of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, Petition of and Assistants, of the Company of Cutlers, within Hallamshire, in the County of York, and of the against Ship

Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing at Owners Bill. Sheffield, and employing Owners and Masters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, -was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Masters of Ships; and Setting forth, That the same will, if passed into a Law, materially injure their Interests, and( the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, inasmuch as it will, First, completely destroy that Part of the Common Law of the Land which charges Carriers by Water with Responsibility to the Shippers of Merchandize for Loss or Damage happening to such Merchandize whilst in the Custody, and under the Care of such Carriers; Secondly, release all Owners and Masters of Ships and Vessels usually employed in Navigation on the High Seas from Responsibility for any Loss or Damage which hath, already arisen, or shall or may hereafter arise, to any Goods or Merchandize which have been or shall be shipped, taken in, or put on Board of any such Ships or Vessels, by Reason or Means of any Accident whatsoever, unless the same shall have happened by or through Robbery, Embezzlement, or the making away with, or by or through the wilful Neglect of the Owner, Master, or Mariners, of the Ship or Vessel; which will, besides opening a wide Field for Fraud, Thirdly, charge the Petitioners and others.

Shippers of Goods, with Losses, which in most probable Cafes may, by due Care, be foreseen and prevented by the Carriers and their Servants, and which the Shippers of Goods cannot have the Power of preventing, and may not be able to insure against, but which the Ship Owners may insure against by railing their Freight in Proportion to the Risque; Lastly, that, if such Losses happen by Robbery, -Embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, or by or through the wilful Neglect of the Carriers or their Servants, the Shippers of Goods will have no Remedy but by proving such Robbery, Embezzlement, secreting, or wilful Neglect, the Difficulty whereof will be apparent to the House, inasmuch as the Master and Mariners of Vessels are the Persons who are likely to be able to prove, and be guilty of the fame: And therefore praying the House wholly to reject the said Bill, and not suffer the same to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Ire upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ripon Writ; ' the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ' x the electing of a Burgess to feiYe in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, in the Room of Sir George Allanfon Baronet,

Baron Headley in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and alter- Glasgow ing the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, by Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and other Roads communicating the rewith, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals and New Bridge of Glasgow, by the Chapel of Cambnflang, till it joins the Road from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards Eaglefham, in the County of Renfrew, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at Dalmarnock, or Far me Ford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

38 Geo. IIL i 6°Jprilis. 457'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title to Wakefield, in the County of And the fame

be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and was received; and read the First Time.

from thence to the End of the then next Scflaon of Rej That the Bill be read a Second Time. Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of >

Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Or, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for rit‘

repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, by Muir- the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-

kirk, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and other liament for the Borough of Raft Lcoe, in the County Roads communicating the rewith, and the Road from of Cin the room of Graves, Esquire, the Village of Gorbals and New Bridge of GlaJ'gozv,- by who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath ac-the Chapel of Cambufav.g,till it joins the Road from cepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Ma-Hamilton, by 2?Kr«&7«£, towards Eaglesham, in the County jesty's Three Qhiltern Hundreds of of Renfrew; and for building a Bridge over the River and Boncnhan:, in the County of Buckingham.

Clyde, at Dalmarnock, or Farme Ford.

Ordered, That Mr. Heron do carry the Bill to the Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, Newcastle-

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- cansd'tiin *

gable Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and reported. '

Southwark Lord William Rufell reported from the Committee;

wh°m the Bill for making a new Road or Street from . Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Hall Bridge in

Bermoitdfey; and for enlarging the 'Perm and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his - late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, formak- ing a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and fur repairing the same and other Roads adjoining, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Oxley,

Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the respective Parishes of Paul and Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the county of ; and 1 also, the Petition of the there-undersigned Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses and Shops in certain Streets and Ways called New Street and Dockhead Way, near Dockhead, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants, Shopkeepers, residing in the same Streets, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Second-mentioned Petition, and had considered the First and last mentioned Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be time; and that the Commit-Jtee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him % to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; a'nd then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Itverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *

Manchester Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to tuideH ne"1 Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of Canal Bill, the Canal Navigation, from Manckefer to or near -presented. under-lyne and Oldham, to, finish and complete the lame,

and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

.Bradford and Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and en-prtleated.' larging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twemy-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton,

VOL. 53.

out of the Nezvcaf/e-under-lymeCanal to the Canal of

Sir Nigel Bozvyer Grefey, Baronet, near the Town of

Newcastle-under-iymc, and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last-memioned Canal, at or near Apedale, to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented or declared themselves neuter in respect of the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the'House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Biii, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr., William Taylor be added to the Member add-Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of lncWurc Bill, the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto iub-feribed, on Behalf of themselves, and ethers, Proprietors of Eft'ates, claiming Right of Common on a certain Common c-r W'asce Land, in the Parish of Hereford, in the County of Hereford.

Mr. William Tay'orprelcnted to the House, accord- Bill presented. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Parcel ol Waste Land, called , Bleathwood Common, within the Parish of Little Hereford, in the County of Hereford: And the same was re- ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Nir. Newland, from Account of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the p .1 Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, fented.

An Account of the Sums subscribed at the Bank under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; distinguishing the different Heads under which such Subscriptions were made, including the 14th April 1798, being the latest Period at which the said Account can be made up-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

6 A An

A. 1798.

feank of" England, 1798.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums subscrxbed at the Bank under an Act, passed in the present Session of . Parliament, for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; distinguishing the different Heads under which such Subscriptions were made, including the 14th April 1798, being the latest Period at which the said Account can be made up.

Amount of Voluntary Contributions paid at the Bank of England -

D - - - - D - - - subscribed, to be paid by Instal-

ments - - - - *

D° - - of Voluntary Contributions, to cover Assessed Taxes, paid at the Bank of England -

D° - - - - D - - - subscribed, to be paid by Instal-

ments ——

D - - of Asseffed Taxes, paid at the Bank of England, on which Discount has been allowed -

£ d.

949,951 2 3

110,358 16 6

384,897 16 6

85»739 18 9 47»3I3 9 "

— -4

C d.

1,060,309 iS f

6i7>95i 4 $

1,678,261 3 —

A. New land. Chief Cashier.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the and of the Security thereby fiipulated for by the Petition-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. fers, and which, as the Law then flood, and now (lands,

the Petitioners are entitled to claim and enforce, and A Petition of Richard Buller, Hieronimus Burmester, have commenced their said Action for that Purpose; and

and Cornelius Buller, of the City of London, Merchants that the Petitioners submit to the House that, whatever and Partners, under the Firm of Richard Buller and Relief Parliament may be pleased to afford to Owner *

Company, was presented to the House, and read; Set- of Ships in future Cafes, the same ought not to extend ting forth, That, in October and November 1796, the Pe- to antecedent Contracts and Transact ions, so as to ©petitioners, as the Merchants and Correspondents of fe- rate as an ex post Fasto Law; the Petitioners and their veral Commercial Houses at Lisbon, shipped sundry Correspondents at Lisbon, at the Time the Goods above-Goods, of the Value of /. 1,825, on Board the Ship mentioned were shipped, acted in Confidence of, and Atlas, John Christmas, Master, consigned to the Persons formed their Contrafts agreeably to, the Law as it then at Lisbon for whom the same were shipped; and that, Rood, and they hope the House will not deprive them in the latter End of November 1796, the said Ship failed of the Benefit of Contracts so entered into, nor of the from the Port of London on her Voyage for Lisbon, and Relief which the Law as it now (lands entitles them to on the 5th of December run foul of another Ship in the in their said Action: And therefore praying, That the British Channel, in consequence of which (he was totally said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that it may be so loft with the said Goods on Board, and that the Peti- altered or modified as the House shall think just j and tioners being advised by their Counsel that, under the that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Circumstances attending the Loss of the said Ship, the their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Owners thereof were liable to pay the Value of the said Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Goods to the Petitioners for the Benefit of the Persons until the said Bill be read a Second Time, interested therein, the Petitioners, in the Month of '

May last, commenced an Action against the said Own- A Petition of Richard Savage Lloyd, of Hintlesham Petitions of ers, to recover the Value of the said Goods, which Ac- Hall, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, was presented Meffn.Lloyd, tion is now depending, and would have been tried feve- to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for j y,&c. Drain-nil Months since, had not the Trial been put off at the draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds age Bill. Instance of the said Owners on Account of the Absence and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, of Witnesses; and that a Bill is now pending before the Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories, of House for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of verley. Saint John of Beverley, Sandholme, -

Ships, which, if enacted into a La\v, would exonerate hill, Leckonfield, Arran?, Scarbrough, -the Owners and Master of the said Ship Atlas from ton, Ayke, Kilnwick, Watton,

their Liability to answer to the Petitioners for the Value ton-Crans Featherholme, Brigham, of the said Goods, and thereby deprive the Petitioners, Fishholme, Loivthurp'e, Harpham, Little Kelk,

and their Correspondents for whom they shipped th‘c Fof on, Ca

said Goods, of the Benefit of the Contrafts they enter- Barmston, Ulram otherwise Oivram, .

ed into with the Master and Owners of the said Ship Beeford, North Froddingham, Braudes-Burton, Moor-Town, by Bills of Lading upon the Shipment thereof, or greatly Leven, Ermnolland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and reduce the Extent and Operation of the said Contrafts, , StruncheoHill, all in the East Riding of the County of .;

38 Geo. III. i 6° Jprilis.450

York ;and Setting forth, That the carrying on, and completing, of the Works proposed to be executed by the said Bill may require, allowing for incidental and extraordinary Expences, which are inevitable in Undertakings of the Nature and Magnitude proposed, from £. 80,000 to£. 100,000 j and that the Petitioner, being Tenant for Life of about One Sixth Part of the Whole of the LandsYo proposed to be drained under the Authority of the said intended Act, will be liable to contribute a proportionate Share of the Money re-

2uired to be raised for that Purpose, which, under the lircumstances of his Tenure, and the present Difficulty of borrowing Money, would subject him to great Inconvenience and Distress; and that the Petitioner, having had proper Surveys taken of his said Estates, finds that an effectual Drainage thereof might be made and maintained at an Expence very far short of what he would be liable to if his said Estates were to be drained under the Authority of the said intended Act: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Coiinfel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

A Petition of Richard Savage Lloyd the Younger, Esquire, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Tenant in Tail expectant 1 on the Decease of Richard Savage Esquire, his

Father, who is Tenant for Life, of a very considerable Tract of Land, which will be affected by the Operation of the said Bill, if the same should be passed into a Law; and that the Petitioner conceives the Meal'ures proposed by the said Bill would be the Means of laying a very great and unnecessary Burthen on the Inheritance < of the said Estate of which he is Tenant in Tail, and

thereby essentially affect and injure' his Interest therein: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel,

Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

sthip Owner A Bill for, the further Relief of Owners and Masters Bill, commit- Df Ships, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. e Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aider-

man Lushington, the Lord Mayor of &c.: And they are td meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Petition of The House was moved, That the Petition of Richard smd CoBre-er Buller, BieronimusBurmejl and Cornelius Buller, of the

ferred, and City of London, Merchants and Partners, under the Firm

dered 1 °r" Richard Buller and Company, which was this Day presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Vox. Si-

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report from

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Land to consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Act, Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great " tain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred-and Ninety-eight," the llefolutic-ns whicliL the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several and respective Sums of Money, charged by virtue of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," on the respective Counties and Places in Britain, in re-

speft of the Premilles, in the said Act mentioned, lying within the same Counties and Places respectively, to be raised, levied, and paid unto His Majesty within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Term, continue, and be raised, levied, and paid Yearly to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefi'ors, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, for ever; subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions of Redemption, to be prescribed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it shall be lawful for Commissioners, to be appointed, for that Purpose, to contract and agree with all and every Persons or Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, having or holding any Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, for the Redemption of the Land fax charged upon their respective Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, according to the Assessment and Pound V.ate to be made in pursuance of the said Act; and t hat the Consideration to be given for such Redempt ion shall be so much Capital Stock of Public Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, bearing an Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centura per Annum, commonly called The ‘Three Pounds pet Centum Consolidated Annuities and The Three Pounds pet Centum Reduced Annuities, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend, exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so to be redeemed by One Fifth Part thereof; such Capital Stock to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, within the Period of Five Years from the Time of entering into such Contraft, by Four Instalments in every Year; videlicet, on the First Day of May; the First Day of; the First Day of November; and the First Day of,

in each Year; the First Instalment to be made on such of the said Days as shall next enlue after the entering into such Coptraft; but with Liberty to any Person to stipulate with the said Commissioners for the Transfer of v the Whole of the said Capital Stock at one Time, or at different Times, within a less Period than Five Years} so that the same be made by even Instalments, at equal Intervals, within the Period agreed upon, and by not less than Four Instalments in each Year of the said Period.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, or'Brotherhoods, and all Trustees or Feoffees in Trull for Charities or other Public Purposes, having any Estate or Interest in any such Manors, Messuages, or Tenements (whatever may be their Estate therein, other than Tenants at Rack Rent) and all Committees of Lunatics or Idiots, and Guardians of infants, and all Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, may contract with the said Commissionere

l6°Aprilis.

A, 179&.

missioners to be appointed for the said Purposes: And that Persons in the actual Possession, or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of any Manors, Messuages; or Tenements (except Tenants at Rack Rent) shall be preferred, in the Purchase of such Land Tax, to Persons in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, provided they offer to contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax on or before a Day to be specified; but that the Persons in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy, shall be entitled to redeem such Land Tax in Preference to any other Persons having no Estate or Interest therein, according to the Priority of such their respective Estates or Interests, and in the Order in which they will be respectively entitled to succeed to the said Manors, Messuages, or Tenements: And that in Cafes of Demise at Rack Rent, the Persons beneficially entitled to the Rentrelerved shall (notwithstanding any Covenant) be considered as being in the actual Possession of such Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, for the Purpose of claiming such Benefit of Preference, with Power to add the Amount of the Land Tax fopurchased to the Rent reserved, and to use the same Powers for the Recovery thereof as for the Recovery of Rent in Arrear: And that, ' on the Completion of any Contract, by the Person having such Title to Preference, or by any other on his Behalf, and Payment of the First Instalment thereof, the Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, comprized in such Contract, shall thenceforth be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof, unless the Person con-trading for such Land Tax shall, at the Time of entering into the Contract for the fame, declare his Option to be considered on the same Footing as a Third Person purchasing the Land Tax: And that upon every Contract to be so entered into, upon which the Transfer of S(ock shall be made by Instalments, there shall be paid, at' the Time of making the Second Instalment upon such Contract, and so of every fubl'e-quest Instalment upon such Contract, into the Hands of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge) to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Sum of Money, by Way of Interest, to be computed from the Period of the First: Instalment, equal to Five Sixth Parts of the Amount of what would have been the Produce up to the Time of making such Payment of the Whole of the Stock to be transferred upon such Contriad, deducting therefrom the Amount of the Produce of such Part of the Stock as shall then have been transferred: And in ever}' such Case, the Persons beneficially entitled to any Estate in Remainder, Reversion, or Expedancy, in the Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, whereof such Land Tax shall have been so contracted for, shall, at at any Time or Times after such Estate shall veil in Possession by Reason of the Determination, of the next preceding Estate or Interest, be entitled unto an Alignment of such Contract, upon transferring to such original Contradors the like Amount of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, as was transferred by such original Contradors, as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax; or upon paying to such original Contradors (at their Option) such a Sum as shall be of equal Value therewith, at the Time of such Conveyance; and to the same Option to be «on-lidered on the Footing of a Third Person, with respect to such Land Tax, as the Person or Persons first redeeming the same might have.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and other Persons, being in the actual Possession, or entitled beneficially to the Rents and Profits of any Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, may fell any Part or Parts thereof for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing such Land Tax, or charge the said Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient

to redeem or purchase the Land Tax charged thereon; and, for securing the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, may convey, surrender, or demise the same by Way of Mortgage; or may grant, limit, or appoint, any Yearly Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of a perpetual Rent Charge, nod exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax charged upon the said Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, to be issuing out of, and charged upon, such Manors, Messuages, or Tenements: And every such Sale, Conveyance, Mortgage or Grant of any Rent Charge, shall, after the lame'shall be duly enrolled, be good, valid, and effectual in the Law', to all Intents, nutw'ithstanding any Defect of Title in any of the Parties thereto; and the respective Persons to whom any such Sale or Mortgage shall be made, or any such Rent Charge shall be granted, shall respectively hold the Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, or the said Rent Charges, freed and absolutely discharged from ill former Titles, Charges, and Incumbrances whatsoever: And that wherever there shall be any Surplus, after paying so much as shall be sufficient for the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be transferred as the Consideration for such Land Tax, the said Surplus shall be paid into, or placed in, the Bank of in the Name, and with the Privity, of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to the Intent that such Surplus Money may be inverted, as focn as conveniently may be, under the Direction, and with the Approbation, of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the like Uses, and in the same Manner as the same flood settled, and in the mean Time such Surplus to be inverted in Government or other Public Securities, in the ‘Name of the said Accountant General, and the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof shall, from Time to Time, belong to the Person who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, purchased.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if, within a Time to be named, no Contract shall be entered into with the Commissioners to be appointed for the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or any Part or Parcel thereof, charged in any Parish or Place, by any Person entitled to ?he Benefit of Preference, or by any Person substituted in that Behalf, the Commissioners may then put up to Sale, either by Public Auction or otherwise, as the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall direct, the Whole or any Part or Parcel of the said Land Tax, charged in any County, or Division of any County, or in any Parish or Place, or any specific Share or Shares thereof; or any Land Tax charged on any particular Estate or Estates, or any Part or Parcel thereof, which shall not be redeemed or purchased within the said Period, and to contract and agree with any Persons for the Sale of the fame, subject to a Proviso for the Redemption of such Land Tax at the Time, and in the Manner to be provided: And the Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, whereon the Land Tax purchased is charged, shall be subject to a new Assessment from Year to Year, by an equal Pound Rate, according to the Value thereof, in common with all other Estates in the same Parish, which shall remain chargeable to the Land Tax; and the Consideration shall be the Transfer of Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, of the like Amount, as is hereinbefore directed, unto the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, to be made within the Period of One Year from the Time of entering into such Contract, by Four Instalments, of not left than One Fourth Part of the whole Amount of the Stock to be so transferred as aforesaid, at Intervals of three Months from each other, the Transfer of such Stock for the First Instalment to be made at the End of Three Months

from

38 Geo. III. 1 6°jpr 4

from the Time of entering into such'. Contract, butv with Liberty to contract and agree with the said Commissioners to be appointed, to transfer the Whole of the Stock, agreed to be transferred as the Consideration for such Redemption or Purchase, at the Time prescribed for the Transfer of the Firstinstalment thereof, or to transfer such Stock in finy greater Proportions, and in any less Number of Instalments, than are befote prescribed, so as that such Instalments shall not be made at a greater Interval than Three Months from each other; and that such Rate of Interest shall be payable as in the same of Land Tax redeemed by Persons having a Title to Preference; and such Persons shall be entitled to demand and receive, for their oWn Use, the full Amount of the Land Tax purchased by them, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, at the respective Times, and in the1 respective Proportions, at which the same shall be payable, which shall be redeemable by the Person or Persons respectively entitled to the Benefit of Preference in respect of their Tenure in the said Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, at the Period to be limited for the Redemption of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Receiver General of each County, Riding, or Place, where any such Land Tax shall remain chargeable as aforesaid, after the same shall have been purchased, not as a specific Charge on any Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, in such Parish or Place, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, before such Land Tax shall have become due and payable, on the Twentieth Day of -Septemberfor the Half Year ending on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and on the Sixteenth Day of March for the Half Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in every Year, upon Demand, pay, or cause to be paid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, the full Amount of the Land Tax so purchased, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, without Fee or Reward, out of any Public Monies in his Hands, in the Manner to be provided: And that where any Purchase shall be made of any Land Tax, as a specific Charge on any Manors, Mdfuages, or Tenements, or where any Person entitled to Preference shall have made his Option to be considered on the Footing of a Third Person purchasing the Land Tax, and any Abatement shall afterwards take place in the Sum so charged, the Receiver General shall, upon the Production of the Certificate of such Abatement, pay the full Amount thereof, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, and without Fee or Reward, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, in like Manner, and out of such Monies, and at such Times of Payment, as is directed for the Payment of the Whole of the Land Tax purchased; and that, in Default of such Payment by the Receiver General or his Deputy, the Purchaser, or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Purchaser, may cause Notice of such Default to be given to the Occupier of the Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, on which the Land Tax so purchased shall be charged; and such Occupier shall be obliged to pay the same upon Demand, unless he shall havepreviously paid the fame, for Want of such Notice, to the Collector of the Parish, or unless the Yearly Value of the Estate Whereon such Land Tax shall have been charged (estimating such Value by the Rack Rents, and the highest Improvements made thereof) shall be reduced, so that the Estate shall be charged with a higher Rate than Four Shillings in the Pound on such Value, in which same the Occupier shall not be liable to the Payment of any greater Sum than after the Rate of Four Shillings in the Pound on such Value; or unless the Land Tax charged shall, by any Abatement thereof, be reduced to a Sum less than the Sum charged on the same Manors, Messuages, or Tenements', at the Time of the Purchase, in which same such Occupier shall not be

Vol. 53.

liable to the Payment of any greater Sum than the Sum actually charged on such Manors, Messuages, or Tenements at the Time of the Demand, with the like Remedies for the Recovery as Landlords may by Law have for the Recovery ot Rent in Arrear; anjd that, in case of any Diminution of the Sum to be paid to the Purchaser of any Land Tax, by reason of any Reduc- , tion in the Value of the Estate charged therewith, the Purchaser shall have the Option of continuing to receive a Sum, necessary to complete, in each Year, the whole Annual Amount of the Sum originally purchased by him; or to demand of and from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Transfer of so much Capita] Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, as shall yield an Interest exceeding the Amount of such Abatement by One Fifth Part thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if the Receiver General of any County, where any Land Tax shall be purchased, not as a specific Charge upon any particular Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, in any Parish or Place, but a Charge upon such Pari fit or Place at large, or upon such Part thereof as shall continue chargeable, shall neglect to pay, to the Purchaser of any Land Tax, the full Amount of the Land Tax so purchased,' the Purchaser may cause. Notice of such Default to be given to the Collector of the said Land Tax, and of his Intention to receive the Land Tax in future from such Collector; and on such Notice, every such Purchaser shall be entitled to receive the Amount of such Land Tax from such Collector accordingly: Or if such Receiver General, where any Land Tax shall be purchased as a specific Charge on any particular Estate or Estates, or where any Land Tax shall be redeemed by the Person entitled to Preference, who shall have made his Option to be considered on the Footing of a Third Person purchasing the Land Tax, and any Abatement shall afterwards take pl.ace in the Sums so charged, shall neglect to pay to the Person entitled to such Land Tax the full Amount of such Abatement, such Purchaser may cause the like Notice to be given to the Collector, to entitle such Purchaser to the Land Tax so purchased from such Collector in the Manner before directed; and that every such Collector, on the Production of the Contract of Purchase, shall, from Time to Time, pay, or cause to be paid, to such Purchaser, the foil Amount of the Land Tax purchased, free of all Charges 'and Deductions whatever, and without Fee or Reward, out of any Monies in the Hands of such Collector, arising from the Produce of the Land Tax in such Parish or Place, unless such Collector shall, for Want of such Notice as aforesaid, have paid the Whole of the Land Tax, charged in such Parish or Place, to the Receiver General of the County.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Land Tax purchased shall not be subject to Redemption until the Period when the Dividends arising from the Purchases of Stock, made by the Commissioners for the Reduction of such Part of the National Debt which existed previous to the Commencement of thepre-fentWar, shall, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Acts now in Force, cease to accumulate, and be considered as redeemed, and in the Disposition of Parliament; and that, after that Period, and at any Time during Three Years then next ensuing every Person being in the Possession of, or beneficially entitled to, any Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, charged with any Land Tax which shall have been purchased, shall, in the Order in which they shall be respectively entitled to the Benefit of redeeming their Land Tax, according to the Rate of Preference for such Redemption, be entitled to treat with the Commissioners to be appointed for the Redemption of such Land Tax, or any Part or Parcel thereof, in such and the like Manner, in all Re-, speds, as he might have done within the Period to be first limited; provided that Notice in Writing be given

6 B -to

46 a \6° Aprilis 1798.

to the Receiver General, specifying the Amount of the redeemed, and all the Manors, Messuages, or Tene-Land Tax so redeemed, who shall cause Notice thereof ments, in such Parish or Place, shall be exonerated to be given to the original Purchaser, his Executors, from the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money as Administrators, or Assigns; And all Payments to such Land Tax, all Assessments in such Parish or Place shall Original Purchaser, on Account of such Land Tax, shall cease and determine.

cease and determine from the End of the Quarter of the , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Year next ensuing such Purchase: And that the Com- That when any Capital Stock of the Three Pounds missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on per Centum Bank Annuities shall be transferred to the Application made to them by the original Purchaser, his Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt,

Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and on the Interest or Dividend, which would have been pay-Production, to the said Commissioners, of the original able on such Stock, shall, from thenceforth, cease to Contract of Purchase, and of the Notice given to such be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to Purchaser, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or be chargecLon the Consolidated Fund and the Money,

Assigns, By the Receiver General, of the Redemption which would have been applicable to the Payment of such Land Tax, shall either transfer to him so much thereof, shall remain, and be a Part of the growing Capital Stock, in the Three Pounds per CentumAnnui- Produce of the Consolidated Fund; to be applied in ties, as shall have been transferred by such original Pur- such Manner as Parliament shall, from Time to Time, chafer, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, direct.

as the Consideration for the Purchase of such Land , That it is the Opinion of tl\is Committee,

Tax; or, at his Option, so much Money as the Capital That in all Cases where the Land Tax on any Manors,

Stock, so transferred, was worth at the Time of the Messuages, or Tenements, shall have been redeemed by First Purchase; and such Contract shall thereupon be Persons entitled to Preference, such Manors, Messuages, . determined, and of no Effect: And that, whenever or Tenements, shall, from thenceforth, for ever be free any Land Tax purchased shall be afterwards redeemed, and discharged from any Tax other than such as shall the Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, comprized in be imposed thereon, in proportion to the Annual such Contract, shall be wholly freed and exonerated Value of the fame, in common with all other Property from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all fur- of the same Description: Provided always, that, in ther Assessments thereof. estimating the Value of such Property, the Annual

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Amount of the Land Tax, so redeemed, (halt be de-That the Noij.-performance of any Contract shall sub- dufted therefrom; and that, in all other Respects, jedt the Party to a pecuniary Penalty, not exceeding the Value of such Property shall be efti.mated in like One Twentieth Part of the Purchase Money; and that Manner, and according to the same Regulations, as the Court of Exchequer, on the Application of the Per- shall be applied to Property of a like Description, the ' son who shall have incurred such Penalty, or any other Land Tax on which shall not have been so redeemed.

Person or Persons who may be prejudiced thereby, by , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, may en- That the several Duties imposed on Malt, by an Act, large the Time for the making good any subsequent In- made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of ftalment or Instalments, and grant such Relief to the His present Majesty; on Sugar, by Three Acts, made Party or Parties as to the said Court shall seem meet. in the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty j That if any Assessment of Land Tax, which shall con- and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an tinue to be charged, shall at any Time be found to ex- Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of ceed the Rate of Four Shillings in the Pound, on the His present Majesty; shall continue in Force until the Annual Value of the Manors, Messuages, or Tene- Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and ments, the same shall be subject to an Abatement, in Ninety-nine and no longer, but shall, from thenceforth, the Manner in such Cases directed by the Act of the cease and determine, except as to Arrears due, or to present Session of Parliament. grow due, unless the same shall be specially continued

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by parliament.

That where any Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, The said Resolutions being severally read a Second which now are rated together, and chargeable with the Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Payment of One gross Sum, by Way of Land Tax, agreed to by the House.

shall be separated or divided, and come into the Pof- O, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon session of different Persons prior to the Time when such the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Manors, Messuages, or Tenements, shall be exonerated Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. therefrom, then the Commissioners of Land Tax, John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Mr. Attorney

acting in or for the Division wherein such Land Tax General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Secretary at War, shall be charged, shall cause such Land Tax to be ap- Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, portioned as between such Persons respectively, accord- the fame, ing to the Value of their respective Estates, and to

assess and charge the Proportions in which their re- The other Orders of the Day being read; spective Estates shall bear and sustain the fame; and, Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Bill refrain case any One of such Persons shall, after such Ap- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole portionment, be compelled to pay the Whole of the House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, said Land Tax, or more than nis due Proportion made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His thereof, such Person shall be reimbursed by the Person present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing who, under such Assessment, ought to have paid the " Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this King-fame, such Sum or Sums of Money as he or she shall " dom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes."

have been compelled to pay over and above his due Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Houses, &c.

Proportion of such Land, Tax, with the like Remedy the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the for the Recovery thereof, as Landlords have for the Duties on Hpufes, Windows, and Lights, on Inha-

Recovery of Rent in Arrear. ' bited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses,

That whenever, in any Parish or Place, the Whole of Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, lieu thereof, was committed, be taken into further or Tenements, in such Parish or Place, shall have been Consideration upon Morning next.

8 Ordered,

' Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Custoras, deferred *

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred *

Northern

Servants, Carriages, &c. Duties Bill, deferred.

Voices to Committee on Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill *

Petition of Owners of Lands against Harfton In-'cJofure BilL

38 Geo. III.

16 — 17'

4<53

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be read the Third Time upon day Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for. incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Comrhittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

jWar its) 17® die Aprilis\

Anno 38 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

j f\RDERED, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of " Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn near to the City of " Worcesteris committed.

A Petition of several Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of a very Considerable Part of the Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Harston, Hauxton, Newton, and Little Shelford, in the County of was pfefented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for allotting and dividing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying within the several Parishes of Harston and Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and PeJJills Field, and Part of a certain Moor called Shelford Moor, within Harston and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes of Little Shelford and Newton, some or one of them, all in the County of Cambridge-, and Setting forth, That there are several Provisions in the said Bill which will be extremely prejudicial to the Petitioners, and many other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by-themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may ailed them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at

VOL. 53. - .

Committee on Linlithgow and Lanerk Roads Bill, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition in favour of Ship Owners Bill.

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whoni the said Bill is committed;

t

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of arid certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road; and for the other Purposes mentioned therein, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in Dover, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. '

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Sloops and £et!t5on °/

( 1 Owners ot

Vessels navigated in the Tideway of the Rivers Humber, sloops,&c. for Trent, and Quzt, to and from the Port of was Provisionin

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That g-jf owners the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is now depending, declaring that no Owner dr Mailer of any Ship or Vessel usually employed, or about to be employed, in the Navigation of the High Seas, should be liable for any Loss which should happen in the Cargoes of such Ships or Vessels, except in certain Cafes,

Whether such Loss should happen on the High Seas, or In the Tideway of any River, on in any other Place whatever; and that the Sloops and Vessels of the Petitioners, notwithstanding thfc utmost Care of the Mailer and Crew, are, as well as Ships, liable to many Accidents be-fid£s those occasioned by the Act of God„ and the King's Enemies; and that the Petitioners apprehend, although they are subject to the like Responsibility for Losses as the Owners and Mailers of Ships, yet they will not, as the Bill now Hands, be entitled to any Protection from Losses which shall happen to the Cargoes on Board their Vessels, notwithstanding such-Losses shall happen from the very same Cause as shall occasion any Loss in the Cargo of any Ship, and even in the same Place, and at the same Time: And the Petitioners therefore, conceiving that such a Distinction would be unjust, pray. That the Benefits, intended by the said Bill to the Owners and Mailers of Ships, may be extended to the Petitioners, and that they may not be answerable for any Loss which shall happen to the Cargoes of Sloops and Vd-fels while such Sloops and Vessels shall be in any Place frequented by Ships navigating the High Seas, and where the Owners and Mailers of such Ships would not be liable to Loss; and that such other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudlion to the said Com- v mittee. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee «n to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, teh" ' upon the Bill for declaring the Validity of an Order of Time of ap-I-Iis Majesty in Council, dated the Sixth day of p LWet.

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for

Letter relative to the Maroons, p relented.

Servants, Carriages, &c. Duties Bill, reported.

Committee on Reports from the Select Committee on Finance of last Session, deferred.

Militia Pay Bill, deferred.

464

17® — 18® Jpritis.

A. 1798.

for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have elapsed, in such Special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved iself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the' House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Paper, purporting to be a letter from Montagu James, a Maroon, and signed with his Mark, to Lieutenant General Walpole;dated Halifax, 23d April

1797, and witnessed J. S. Moody.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof, was committed,. the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wefo agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 3. 1. 11. by inserting after the Word " Mules" the Words " kept and used."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It pasted in the Negative:

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time tipon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Aprilis \

Anno 38® Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

\PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names Petitions in f\are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to the Port of Kingston upon Hull: And also,

A Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull',

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Masters of Ships: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir Henry Fletcher reported from the Committee, to Cariifie and Whom the Petition of several of the Trustees app6inted to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Twenty- ported. ' sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Cariifie to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland, was referred; That the Committee had, examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee hacj examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was, read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts, were read- And,

Mr. George Blamire being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and that a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term, granted by the said Acts, is further continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for.

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, ot Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Cariifie to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the

Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland: And that Sir Henry Fletcher and Mr. Burrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Stein, Mr. Fordyce, Mr. Burrow, Member *

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. George Henry Mr. ‘ Lueeon

Sir William Pulteney, and Mr. Hobart, be added to the Papers rehr-Committee appointed to examine the Matters con- Detained in the several Papers, which were presented to land, the House, upon the 21st Day of February last, relative to the Distilleries in different Parts of Scotland.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tewkesbury the 16th Day of February last, for taking into. Con- eal the sideration. Tomorrow, the Petition of the several Per- Right of Riec-fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf t,on» deferred. of themselves and others. Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Teivkesbury, in the county of;

and also, the Petition of certain other Persons, on

Behalf

Dudley Hill and Killing-hall Roads Bill, prc-l'ented.

Stirling and Dumbarton, &c. Roads Bill, reported.

Accounts, &c. presented:

Whale Ships -from Scotland.

Scotch Light-Jtoufes.

Imports and Exports-

Shlps entered Inwards in the West Indies.

38 Geo. III. 18° Aprilif. 465

Behalf of themselves and others, ths Freemen and Persons seised of an Ellate of Freehold in an entire Dwelling House within the ancient Limits of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of , respecting

th.e Right of Election for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 26th JDay of this Instant April, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.'

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also lent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Teivkesbury.

Mr. IVilber forcepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through r-withjhaw, to Killinghall, and from to the

South Well Corner of Harrogate in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Keith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The House being informed that Mr. In-

spector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their reipcCtive Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port discharged; also, what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1796 to the io'th of October 1797: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of the Accounts cf " the Commissioners for erecting Lighthouses on the " Northern Parts of Great Britain, in virtue of Acts of " Parliament, from 4th July 1796 to 5th July 1797."

Mr. Irving also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Acount of the Value of and Foreign Merchandize imported and exported, for the Half Years ending the 5th of January 1797, the 5th of July 1707, and the 5th of January 1798; distinguishing the le-veral Articles which exceed iff Value 10,000: And also.

An Account of all Ships that have entered Inwards in the several Ports in the BritIVcJl Indies from

Vol. 53.

distinguishing from what Part of the Coast, from the 5th January 1796 to the latest Period to which the same can be made up, distinguishing the Time of Entry, the Ship's Name and Tonnage, the Mailer's Name, and the Number of Mariners at the Time of the Ship's Arrival, the Number of Slaves taken on Board, the Number that died in their Passage, together with the Number that arrived at the Port of Importation in the West Indies, particularizing their Sex, Height, &c. likewise Copies of the Journals of the Mailers or Commanders and Surgeons of the several Slave Ships, required to be transmitted from the West Indies by the Act of the Twenty-eighth of His Majesty: And also,

An Account of the Bounties paid out of the Revenues of Customs to the Mailers and Surgeons of the Slave Ships, under the Act of the Twenty-eighth of His Majesty, Chap. 54, and the subsequent Acts, from the Commencement of the said Act until the latest Period to which the same can be made up, distinguishing the Payment of each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said. Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the llouie.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Value of British and'Foreign Merchandize imported and exported, for the Half Years ending the 5th of January 1797, the 5th of July 1797, and the 5th of January 1798, distinguishing the several Articles which exceed in Value £. 10,000, be printed, as shall be furiicient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arepreserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Leaseholders having Estates in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widen " ing and improving the Entrance into the City of London near temple Bar; for making a more commodious Street or Railage at Snow; and for railing, on the " Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for "those Purposes;" and Setting forth. That there are several Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, the Petitioners conceive will tend to the Wrong and Injury of the Petitioners collectively and individually: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counted, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners, and that the same may not pals into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InllruClion to the said Committee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who copie to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideratior the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and

6 C Lights,

Bounties paiS to Mailers, See.

Account of Imports and Exports, to be printed.

Petition from Saint Clement Danes, against ' Temple Bar Improvement

Bill.

Report of Houses, dc. Duties Bill, further considered.

466 18° Apri 1798.

Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, was several Appointments, the Pay attached to each, and

committed, be now read. the Dates at which each respectively ceased to be

- And the said Order being read accordingly; _ paid. - '

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Mr. Secretary Dundas also presented to the House, further Consideration. - A Paper, intituled, " Secretary of State's Office —

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to " Return to ah Order of the Honourable House of the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time; were, "Commons, for an Account of the Civil Establish-upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to " ment of The Cape of Good Hope; distinguishing the by the House; and several Amendments were made, " Dates of the several Appointments, the Salaries and by the House, to the Bill. " other Emoluments attached to each, as far as the

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to " same can be made out from the Documents in the

the Bill, in Fo. 33. 1. 7. by leaving out from the Blank " said Office."

to the Word " provided'' in Fo. 34. 1. 1. And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were

And the Question being put,. That those Words read.

Hand Part of the Bill; Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie

The House divided. upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the

The Noes went forth. House.

-T-11 r -vf Mr. Rose. 7 The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst

Tellers for the Yeas, Mr Long; , J4°- the other Papers, of this Session. S

Tellers for the Noes I S!r Matthw White Ridl I?, . ' .

s Sir William Pulteney:A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ap-

Then several other Amendments were made, by the point additional Commissioners for putting in Execu-

House, to the Bill. tion an Act of this Session of Parliament, inticuled.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a

ingrossed. " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred

upon Friday Morning next,' if the said Bill shall be " and Ninety-eight," so far as relates to the City and

then ingrossed. County of the City of Coventry;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till To-suant to their Orders, morrow Morning.

An Account of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Corsica: And also, , Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the

An Account of all the Pensions, Allowances, Gra- several Accounts and Paper, which were this Day. pre-tuities, or other Emoluments, whichhave been granted, fented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Dundas, be or still continue to be paid, to any Corsican Officers, printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Mem-Civil or Military, employed in the Service of Corsica: bers of the House.

And also,

An Account of all the Pensions, Gratuities, or other Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Emoluments, which have been granted, or still continue into further Consideration the Report from the Com-to be paid, to any British Officers, Civil or Military, mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend employed in the Service of Corsica; And also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His

An Account of the Military Appointments (not plefent Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for allow-being Regimental Promotions) occasioned by, or con- " ing the Importation and Exportation of certain nested with, the Possession of Corsica by His Majesty's " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Forces; distinguishing the Dates of the several Ap- " Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa pointments, the Pay and other Emoluments attached " Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of to each, and the Dates at which each respectively ceased " George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau to be paid: And also, "in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of

An Account of the Offices in the Barrack Matter " in the Island of Providence, one of the Bahama General's Department in Corsica, distinguishing the " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions," Dates of the several Appointments, the Salaries, and was committed, be now read, other Emoluments attached to each, and the Dates And the said Order being read accordingly;

at which each respectively ceased to be paid: And The House proceeded to take the said Report into

also, further Consideration.

An Account of all the Military Appointments (not And the Amendment made by the Committee to being Regimental Promotions) occasioned by, or con- the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon nested with, the Possession of the Island of Corsica by the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

His Majesty's Forces, as far as the War Office is ap- A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for prized of the fame; distinguishing the Dates of the removing Doubts whether certain Goods imported several Appointments, the Pay attached to each, and under the Authority of this Act, may be exported to the Dates at which each respectively ceased to be paid: America or the West Indies.

And also. And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

An Account of all the Military Appointments (not Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to

being Regimental Promotions) occasioned by, or con- be made Part of the Bill.

nested with, the British Poflessions in the Island of Then several Amendments were made, by the House, Ceylon; distinguishing the Dates of the several Appointments, and the Pay attached to each, so far as the War Office is apprized of the same: And also.

An Account of all the Military Appointments (not being Regimental Promotions) occasioned by, or con-nested with, the Possession of The Cape of Good Hope by His Majesty's Forces, as far as the War Office is apprized of the fame; distinguishing the Dates of the +-

to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act

e

Return rela tive to Civil Establishment of The Cape of Good Hope.

Motion for Bill to appoint additional Commissioners of Land Tax for Coventry.

Debate thereon adjourned.

Accounts,&c. relating to Corsica, &c. to be printed.

Report of Bill to amend Jamaica, &c. Free Ports A&, further considered.

Bill to amend

Act concerning Tanners, &c. deferred.

Bill for enlarging the Time of ap-pt.ding in Prize Causes, reported.

Committee on Report relative to Britishi Fisheries, deferred.

Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Customs, deterred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Member added to bring in Alconbury Flill and Wansford Bridge, Scc. Roads Bill.

38 Geo. III. 18° — 190 Aprilis.

" Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and " other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Le -« ther;"

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for declaring the Validity of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated the Sixth Day of One thousand

Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have elapsed, in such Special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, jefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon the 5th Day of this Instant April, was made from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 19° d Aprilis;

Anno 3S0 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

r\RDERED, That Mr. Calvert, Junior, be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts,

" made for repairing and amending that Part of the " Read leading from a certain Place called The White " Post, on Alcoa bury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon,

" to Wansford Bridge, in the said County, called the " North Division of the North Road, and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of " Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the Coun-VOL. 53.

" ty of Northampton," and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads.

Mr. Calvert, Junior presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several " Acts, made for repairing and amending that Part of " the Road leading from a certain Place called The " White Post, on A!canbury Hin the County of

" ingdon, to Wansford Bridge, in the said County, cal-

" led the North Division of the North Road, and for " repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said " County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton," and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

0

Sir Henry Fletcher presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twertty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from' the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to , Emont , which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Wed-moreland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from to

Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Charles Brooke being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Road, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Panlh of Shrew ton, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

Alconburr Hill and Wansford Bridge, &C; Roads Bill, presented.

Carlisle and Penrith Roads

Dewflmiyand Ealand Road Petition, reported.

Shrew ton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill, rt ported.

Stirling and Dumbarton, Jec. Roads Bill, passed.

468 I9° Afri. . 1798 *

Mr. Jervoise Clarke Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, " or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn

" near to the City of Worcester," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of and

Perth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling, , and Perth.

Ordered, That the Lord Keith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their, Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the 5th Day of April 1798; distinguishing each Quarter, and also distinguishing the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, and 1797: And also.

An Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 3th of April 1798.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An

Accounts presented i

Net Produce of Taxes.

Income and Charge of Consolidated Fund,

38 Geo. III.

19® Jpritis,

4 9

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the 5th Day of April 17981 distin . guishing each Quarter: And distinguishing also the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794» 797 *

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, 'after dedaaing £. 29,169 1. 5. computed Quarterly Sum to be carried to the Duties pro A° 1796 -

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE....

Reserved out of Duty on Paper A° 1794# £. 18,750. being Part of £. 75,000. the Annual Average Produce of former Duties then repealed -Reserved out of Duty on Spirit Licences A1 1794, £-9»oooo. Jth Part of £.36,000. the Annual Average Produce, &c. and to complete Deficiencies in former Quarters

CONSOLIDATED STAMPS.....-

Reserved out of Duty on Hats A° 1796,

£.2,369. 17. 9 £lh p rt £-9>479m " d Annual Average Produce, &c. - . -

Reserved out of Bills and Receipts A° 1794, £.32,150. Jth Part of £. 128,600. the Annual Average Produce, &c. - - -

Reserved out of Duty on Legacies A0 1796, £. 10,269. 15. th Part of £. 41,079. Annual Average Produce, &c. and to complete Deficiencies to 10th October 1797, and £.8,129. 13. 10. in Part to 5th January 79 ~ - ....

INCIDENTS:

duce of the Duty prior to the Year 1795 Ditto ----- -- Salt, 1787 -

Seizures -

Profers - -- -Alum Mines

Compositions -

Rent of a Light House - - -6d. Deduction on Pv nfions - -

is. - D° on Salaries - -

Houses and Windows - -Inhabited Houses - -

Hawkers and Pedlars - -

Hack l y Coaches and Chairs Male Servants -

Horses ——

Four-Wheeled Carriages - -

Two-Wheeled - D° - - -First Fruits of the Clergy - -Tenths - - Ditto - -

Lottery Licences - -

Alienation Duty - -

Arrears of Waggons -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Carrs - - - -Men Servants. Female Strvants -Houses and Windows Shops - -

1760

1760

1760

1760

1760

1721

1758

1766

M79

17 9

1711

1785

7 5

1785

1785

1747 and 1758

DUTIES PRO A° 1793: British Spirits ——

Foreign Ditto -

DUTIES PRO A0 [1794: Sugar, 1791 - - - ",

Produce as aforesaid Game.Duty - -

j£. 10. per Cent. - - -'

British Spirits, 1794 u Foreign Ditto - - -Attornies Articles - -

Produce as aforesaid -

Glass....

Bricks and 'Piles (Customs) - -

.Ditto - - - (Excise) - -

Paper - - (Customs) - -

Ditto - - - (Evcife) after re

Average Produce as aforesaid Slates and atones -

Quarter ended the 5th Jolt 17 97 Quarter ended the 10th October >797-

£. s. d. £ s.

252,038 2 6 1,269,335 i4 8

>«95 364 18 — i >.748.095 3 9

18,750 — — 18,750 — —

30,500 — — 9,000 — —

279.990 — — 307.187 29 10

2,369 17 9 2.369 17 9

32,150 — — 32,150 .

13,855 12,463 18 10

2,582,017 18 3 \ 3.399.35 4 >°

102,639 — . — 86,378 11 uf 8,458 10 6f 3°7 102,639 — 100,383 15 7 U704 17 3 283 12 6 480 — —

6 13 4 10,000 — — 10,534 ,4 6 127,511 — 11 53 91 6 6f 720 — — 5,800 — 37.876 15 6i 37,610 10 3i 51,614 1 10 21,807 13 4 i 3.833 9 7 i 9,862 5 81 12.000 — — 7.000 — — 32,846 19 6} 34.863 19 ai 2,125 — — 7.000 — — 13-718 19 9 { >4.5 3 8 5 30,781 17 4 6,292 14 a i

1,721 8 8 31 6 a 16 3 28 z — 9 12 —

9 3

576,580 to 366,690 19 3

22,$00 — 39,5,7 — - 4-799 23,592

61,817 — — 28,391 —

4.9 4 8 10 125,484 2 11

3,637 2.177 43,089 16 23.247 — — J 29,5,2 — —,) 4.095 42,036 8 — 4>°55 »S —; 16,324 4 7 4,090 — — »3r3 7 — 6,216 — 10

9,5,0 >54 — 5 5 40 j .>83 7 — i 35,000 — — 12,064 — — 100 18 4 14,943 I1O15 5 8

16,997 3 1$ 16 iof 21,243 4.000 3 2>\

;.| 143,618 9 9 309,899 18 6f

Quarter ended the 5th January

,798.

780,58a 13 toj 1,873,6 0 9 1

18,750 — —

9,000 — — 283,969 — —

8,369 17 9 32,150 ——

«3 °94 — —

3.oi3 526 " 10

102,639 — — 124,491 13 8

10,148 12 8

10 — —

— 6 8

18,693 — — 12,988 It 4f 98,352 4 101 41,695 7 1,365 — —

5,700 -

31,421 — 1

38,322 5 81

48,246 19

15,319 1 H

1 °l

>433 3

551,827 7 *

14,04 *

34 897

48-939 -

73

8 795

25,870

14,140

38.5Sa

2,897

292,058 3

Quarter ended the 5th April 1798.

£. . d.

543 8 4 5 9

1,630,654 93}

18,750 — —

9,000 — —

229,696 — —

-2,369 17 9

3 i5° — —

21,431 ——

2,487.875 12 91

YEAR ended the 5th April

1798.

£ ' 4'

2,845,780 16 gi 7,204,725 — 3

75,000 — —

57,5=0 ——

1,100,84a 19 10.

9,479 11 —

126,600 — —

60,843 18 10

102,639 — —

121,696 — 3

12,884 9 4

20 15 11 480 — — 268 6 13 4 13,000 — — 38,498 14 4 65.462 4 9i 26,983 5 10

2,040 3 6 5 5oo — — 18,336 io 3} 31,308 10 10 \ 21,685 7 5 5,140 15 gi

— IO —

4 17 — >7 5 3

29 13 5 38 >4 8

72 3 72 1 3

2 465,798 >.954.896 7 3

/ 33.647 74,788 — —

— 37,478 — — 135.484 — —

— 71,125 210,272 —

° 10,714 15 4! 213,416 3 — *

_ 6,952 54,898 8 —

— 4.103 >9>,30 5 —

3i 9.687 5 5 94,971 9 10;

— 33.777 75.254

— 30,290 — 121,681 — —

— 3,693 16,501 — io

_ 50,500 — H7.86i 5 —

— 1 1,480 — — . 43.763

I — — 361 12 IO

— 5>345 46,210 — —

81 83 — 8 4,852 5 I

22,016 — — 83>944

si 3,341 8 — 1 M>3»4- 1 7

5 i 191,982 9 6f 937.559 ' 3

11,482,772 6 8f

1 5 i

9 9t

11 13 4 6 8

410,556 432,950

3 3.'96 627 960 2

'3

53.693 69,022 324,172 9 4 i

57.433 '9 Si 6,250 3 6

24,000 — 101,088 — 122,031 — 152.3 8 5

48,560 5

3.83319

9,862 5

>433 3

1,731 8

3 4

si

7

8

8 i 6 8 6

( continmd)

VOL.

6 D

470

19° Apr

DUTIES PRO A° 1795:

Jlritish Spirits ——

Foreign Ditto ——

Wines ——

Sweets ——

Cocoa ——

Stamps ——

Ship Policies -

Hair Powder Certificates ——

Receipts -

Fruits, ——

Coals ——

Tea.....'.....-

Consolidated Letter Money, the computed Annual In crease of Revenue, by Reason of the Restriction of Franking pel- Act 35 Geo. III. -

DUTIES PRO A° 17962

Horses . ——

Tobacco - - - - -' - -

Horse Dealers Licences ——

Wine (Excise) ——

Wine (Customs)

Sweets -

Legacies, after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid.

Hats - - - D° - - Dtf - - D° -

2 s. Duty on Horses -

Uogs.....-....

£. 10. per Cent. ——

The computed Annual Saving by reducing the Allowance for Waste on Salt ——

Taken out of Consolidated Customs, being the com puted Annual Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction on the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar ——

DUTIES PRO A 1797:

Pepper - -- -- - . - *

£ 20. per Cent. ——

British Spirits

Foreign Ditto ——

Auctions ——

Deeds ——

Cocoa ——

Clocks ——

Stage Coaches - -- -- --Sugar ——

Bricks ——

Tei.....- -

3 s. Duty on Horses - -- -Houses

Male Servants - -- - - -- -- -Plate ——

Surplus of the Consolidated fetter Money, after re-ierving the several Sums of £.410,5 c6 and /.40,00b, per Act 35 Geo. III.

c

TOTALS.

TOTAL of CUSTOMS, Sec.

Ditto - - - INCIDENTS - -....

Ditto — - DUTIES pro A6 1793 - -

Ditto 17 4 - -

Ditto - - - r- - 1795 4 - -

Ditto --«-- 1796 . - -

Ditto..... 1797 - -

Quarter ended thej Quarter ended the Quarter ended the

5th JULV 10th October 5th Janvart

1 7 97 , 7 97- 1798.

jr. t. d £. s. d £ '

23,651 3,241 13,281

29.364 24,914 38,214 — —

32,945 94,529 53-53 *

1.673 2,361 473

4,920 5.367 — 6,412 — —

I 1,102 — 13,128 8 2 6,766

26,021 — 27,833 14 6 20,814 — —

83,295 87,068 13 7 10,184 — —

1,272 2,571 6 9 1.435 .

20,909 l6 IO 21,895 s 4 43,717 12 —

4-354 6 8 5 321 12 11 f 3.583 11 1

98,643 61,357 37.‘68 5 2

10,000 — — 10,000 — — 10,000 — —

348,150 3 6i '359.588 1 3 245.580 8 3

33,635 — — 12,100 — — 31.585 3 7

39,968 — — 37,469 51,307

221 — — 327 u 9 322

98 109 — — 3,124 94.548

70,3291611 71.405 i» 7 99,257 — Si-

1,729 2,444 490 —

8.551 2 3 26,881 19 — 3-945 3

35-595 — ~ 7.85° 27,264 8 u

29,970 8,450 , 22,796 15 Si

45.713 11 6 20.050 4 9 24.575 101

8,000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — — .

29,169 1 5 29,169 1 5 29,169 1 s

400,990 12 2 I 227,271 9 6 393 59 14 3

19,301 18 3 38,745 1+ 11. *

— — 2,000 — — 43,620 — — .

23,466 — — 4.481 12,476

21,906 — — 23,790 — — 37.671

9-445 - ~ — 10, Il8 — — i,59i

20,975 - — 108,467 15 6 105 086 —

65, 874 — 1,513

— -J . — — 300 — —

10,878 — 14,041 2 8 9,549 — —

24,653 10 10 120,454 17 2i 121,444 11 8

271 — — 7.702 12,972 — —

,17>3l9 41»939 76,789 9 8

— — — — 600 — —

' — — - - 600 — —

33.361 — 38,361 — — 48,361 — —

262,925 10 10 391,53° 13 7i 521,31st 6 31

2,582,01718 3? 3.399.35 4 10 3,013,526 — 10

570,580 — 10 366,690 19 3 551,827 7 a

61,817 — — 28,391 — — 48,939

143.618 9 9 309,899 18 6 292,058 3 s.

348,150 3 6i 359.588 1 31 245,580 8 3

400,990 12 2 \ 227,271 9 6i 393, 59 14 , 3

262,925 10 10 39 .53° 13 7 i 521,318 16 3,1.

4.370.099 15 5 5,082,724 17 1 5,066,509 IO 2 J

Quarter ended the 5th April

798.

A. 179&

YEAR ended the 5(h April 1798.

" - ' r: f_______

£. s.

33-7 5 ——

30,499 ——

70 875 ——

944 ——

6,200 — —

8-749 ——

12,172 ——

5,824 ——

1,907 — — 8,599 7 61 1,729 10 3

46,536 — —

100 —

— 5

61,361 — —

381,149 7 2

73.898 ——

122,992 — _t

,251,881 ——

5,451 ——

22.899 ——

39-745 8 2

86,840 186,371 7.185

95»12 *

14.989

243.704

«4

'I

s

6

7

u

10,000 — — 40,000 — —

_ 237'759 17 9 T 1.191,078 10 ioi

20,159 18 Si 97,480 2 -i

51.538 — — 180,282 —

139 — 1,009 11 9

4-544 — — 200,325 — —

56,554 l6 — 97-547 6 3 i

977 " 5,64° "

2,381 2 3 51.759 5 / 9

3.845 7 11 84,554 16 10

7,27 12 .3 68,489 7

10,881 12 101,220 10 3 i

8,000 — — 32,000' — —

29,169 1 s 116,676 5 8

ill IO 5 1,236,984 6 4 i

°,35 - 18 5 6814OO 11 7 i

23,800 — — 69,420 —

34.804 — — 7S» 7 — —

30,310 — — 113.677 — —

9-443 — 40.597 — —

120,864 — — 355-39 IS 6

.579 — — 4,617 —

2,300. — — 2,600 — —

4.7.12 — — 49 180 2 8

12,070 3 5 278,623 3 il

,407. — — - 23 35a — —

53,146 — — 289,193 9 8

1,900 — 2,500 — —

2,000 — — 2,600 — —

100 — —

- S 4i

181,444 ——

i»S5<5>9a4 7 11 »

>487,875 12 9

465,798 ——

71,125 — — 91,982 9 6i

37.759 7 215,462 10 5 381,149 7 2 *

4,051,132 17 8 |

11,482,772 6 8i 1.954.896 7 3 210,272 — —

937.559 3$

1,191,078 10 1,236,984 6 4t 1,556»924 7 1 4

18,570,487 — si

Exchequer, the 19th 1 Day of April 1798. y

jamts Fijlier.

To

VOL

-- II |

I I

li.il

HW °o / / / .''I - £ I

I I I I I J " I

vo

OOv

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Changes upon, the CONSOLIDATED FUND, for the Quarter ended the 5th of April 1798.

Krs

I N C O M E-

Customs -Excise - -Stamps -Salt -

Letter Money, by Act 37 Geo. III. - £, 1 02,639 Ditto - - by Ditto ----- 10,000

Surplus of Letter Money - -

Hawkers and Pedlars ——

Hackney Coaches and Chairs - - - -Houses and Windows ——

Inhabited Houses ——

Horses....

Male Servants ——

Four Wheeled Carriages - - - - > -

Two Wheeled Carriages ——

6 d, per Lib. on Pensions ——

I /. Ditto on Salaries ——

Seizures - u

Profers ——

Compositions - -- -Alum Mines - -- -JRent of a Light House ——

British Spirits, 1791- ——

Foreign Ditto - -

Game Duty....

Sugar ——

10 per Cent. ——

j British Spirits, 1794 - -

Foreign Ditto ——

Attornies Articles ——

Bricks and Tiles (Excise)

Ditto (Custom?).

Paper, Ditto ——

Carried over -

£- d' 570,528 8 11

1,630,654. 9 3±

229.696 — —

121.696 — 3

112,639 61,361 3,040 5,500 65,462 26,983 3 >>308 18,336 21,685

5 4°

13,000

38,498

12,884

a6

2

480

6

3-64-7

37.473

4.103

10,714

9,687

33-777

30 90 3.693 11,480 S-34S

4 9l

5 «o

ro ioi

10 3 *

7 5

i'S 9j

4 4 9 4 15 n

6 8

3 4

5 4 *

-S 51

3 — 8

3 148 228 18 4$

H

R

E.

E X C H E Q U E R:

Annuities, 2-7ths, for 2 and 3 Lives, for 3 Months - # - - - due cth April 1798

- - - £. 3,700 per Week, with the Salaries of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for 3 Months, due Ditto

- - - Anno 1706 - - with Ditto, for Three Months - - - - -- -- - due Ditto

- - - 1707 - - with Ditto - -- -- -- -- - - - - due Ditto - *

- - - Per 1 ft Act A° 1708, with Ditto - -- -- -- due Ditto

r - - Per 2d Act A01708, with Ditto - -- -..... ----- - - due Ditto -

- - - on Lives, with Benefit of Survivorship, for Six Months - -- -- -- - due Ditto

- - - on Lives, in Classes, by Act 29 Geo. III. with Ditto, for Ditto - - -- ---- - due Ditto -

BANLOP ENGLAND:

On their Capital of £. 3,200,000, at£. 3 per Cent, per Annum, for 3 Months, due 12th February 17 8 ——

Ditto - - - £. 500,000 - - at Ditto - - - - for Ditto - due 5th April 1798 ——

Ditto - - - £. 1,250,000 - at Ditto - - for Ditto - due Ditto -

Ditto - - - £ 1,750,000 - - at Ditto - - - - for Ditto - due Ditto - - . - -

Ditto - - - £. 986,800 - - at Ditto - - - - for Ditto - due Ditto - -

Ditto - - - £. 4,000,000 - - at Ditto - - - - for Ditto - due Ditto -

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuity at £. 3 per Cent, and Management, on £. 24,065,084, 13. 11 \t their present Capital for 3 Months, dbe 5th April 179? -

CHIEF CASHIER of the BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuity at £.3 per Cent, (reduced Annuities) on the Capital Stock of £.47,899,698. 16. 4. for 6 Months, due 5th April 1798 -

Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time, after abating the Sum of £. 1,792. 7. being after the Rate of £.450. per"

Million oathe Principal Sum of £.7,966,000, purchased by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt before 10 th October 1797 ——

Annuity at £. 3 per Cent, (added to the above reduced Annuities) on the Capital Stock of £. 5,474,756. 18. 10. for the £. r. d.

same Time, to such of the Contributors as made good their whole Payments on £. 14,500,000, raised Anno 1797 before the 7th October 1797 - 82,121 7 \

Ditto - - - - on the Capital Stock of£. 1,775,243. 1. 2. for One Year's Annuity, to such of the Contributors who did

not make good their whole Payments on or before the said 7th October, but have since

completed the same - - 53,257 5 10

Annuity at £. 4 per Cent. (Confdidated Annuities) on the Capital Stock of £. 36,100,000, for 6 Months, due 5th April 1798 -

Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time, after abating £.114. 1. 6. for the Half of £228. 3. in respect of

£ 507,000, purchased by the Commissioners. for reducing the National Debt, before 10th October 1797 .

£- d. 7 8,495 9 7i

8,985 1 71

727,480 u

135,378 12 11

830,000 — — 9,223 8 6

839,223 8 6

Annuity at £. 4 pet Cent, (added to the above Annuities) on £. 764,861. 5. io. for the same Time, being the Amount of

the Annuities to which the Proprietors of Navy, 8cc. Bills, cancelled pursuant to Acts 37 Geo. III. are entitled ——

Annuity at £4 per Cent, (added to Ditto) on £. 104,432. 5. 8. for the same Time, being the Amount of the Annuities to which the Proprietors of Exchequer Bills cancelled by the above Acts are entitled -Annuity at £.4 per Cent, (added to Ditto) on £. 566. 5. 8. for One Year and an Half Annuity, due 5th April 1798, the

Amount of the Annuities to which the Proprietors of Navy, See, Bills cancelled are entitled, according to a Certificate, dated since 10th October 1797 ‘ -Annuity at £. 4 per Cent, (added to Ditto) on £. 1,865,263. 17. 9-$ . for 6 Months, due 5th April 1798, to therContri-

' butors who completed their whole Payments on Loan of £.14,500,000, raised Anno

1797, on or before 7th October 1797 ——

Annuity at £. 4 per Cent on £. 1,034,736. 2. 3.. for One Year, due Ditto, to such of the Contributors who did not complete their Payments at 7th October 1797, but have since completed the same -

£. /. d.

15 97 4

2,088 12 11

13 9 6

37 305 5

41,389 8 io|

96,114 n 4

Carried over

£ 2,048 18

7 957 11

6,1-81 2

2,038 — 1,229 13 2,649 $

270 — 21,431 —

d.

8

lof

ii

3 i

25,000 — —

3 75° ——

9 375 ——

13,125 ——

7,401 ——

30,474 10 10J

183,993 13 5}

2,859 4 2

935 337 19 10

5,122 L

Us>

00

o

w

o

vq

o

It

I N C O M E, continued *

Brought over - -

Paper (Excise) -Surplus of Ditto -Slates and Stones Spirit Licences -Surplus of Ditto *

Bills and Receipts, 1791 - *

Surplus of Ditto - -

Britishi Spirits, A0 1795

Foreign Ditto ~

Cocoa, &c.

Tea -: . - -

Coals, &c. -

Fruit, Silk, &c. -» '

Hair Powder Certificates «f - - *

Wines - -

Sweets

Ship Policies - + - - ▼ -

Receipts -

Stamps - V -

Tobacco, Sec. -

Horse Dealers Licences - -

Salt....

Add1 £. 10 per Cent, -

Horses ....

Addron Ditto ——

Wine (Customs) - - - .

Eftto (Excise) ——

Sweets

®ts - -

Surplus of Ditto ——

9,000

50,500

32,150-

6,952-

2,3691 7 9 13,381 a 3

O "

Legacies to complete to toth October 1797, and in Part to

5 th January 1798 ,

Sarplui of Ditto.

Dogs -

£ ' 3,148,228 18 4i

18,750 — — 22,016 — —

3-34» 8 j i

59,500 - —

39,102 — —

33 7 5 — —

3°»499 — —

6,200 — —

46,536 — —

1,729 10 3

8.599 7 6f

>>8 4 — —

mLm —

944 — —

f3,172 — —

1.907 — —

8.749 — —

51.538 — —

139 — —

8,000 — —

10,881 vt *

20,159 18 Si

13.845 7 11

5 554 16 —

4 544 — —

977

i4.7S» —

1,431 - —

7,27a IS 3

CHARGE, continued:

Brought over

For answering and paying the Annuities granted for 99, 98, 80, 78, 77 7$ 66J 65J, and 64J Years, for 6 Months, due $th April 1798

Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time ——

c

4S5»7 5 l9 $ lz7 7

For answering and paying the Annuities granted for 63I Years, for the same Time, an Annuity of £.4 % , 12. 6. Part thereof, being forfeited -

Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

For answering and paying the Annuities granted by Act 17 Geo. Ill, for 62 Years, to such of the Contributors for railing £. 14,500,000, Anno 1797, who completed their whole Payments on or before yih October 1797, for the same Time -For answering and paying the Annuities granted by the said Act to such of the Contributors who did not complete their whole Payments on or before the said 7th October 1797, but have since completed the fame, for One Year, ended 5th April 1798

C s.,

10,291 3

115 15

14,909 12 6

13,680 15 —

460,893 6 6

10,406 19 3

28,590 7 6

For answering and paying the Annuities granted for 30 and 29 Years and for i8J Years, for 6 Months, due 5 th April 1798 Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same Time 1 . . - -

209,166 10 2>3S3 *

Si

Si

For answering and paying Six Months Annuity, due 5th April 179,8, at 5 per Cent, per Annum, to such of the Contributors for railing

£. 18,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1797, as completed their whole Payments on £ 3 237 875, Part thereof, on or before 7th October 1797, the said Contributors being entitled to £. 112. IQ. Stock for every £. 100 subscribed ——

For answering and paying One Year and an Half's Annuity, due 3th April 1798, to such of the Contributors who did not complete their whole Payments on or before 7th October 1797, but have since completed the fame, on £. 6,886,968. 15.

330,94617 $16,522 13

For the Support of His Majesty b Household, for Three Months, due 5th April 1798 Edward Roberts, Esq; First Ch rk to the Clerk of the Pells, on £. 650 per Ann. formerly paid to the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, f<jr Salaries to the Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, but now payable to hi.u by Act 23 Geo. JIL Rs. for Three Months - - - - .

Ann Cafs, late Office Keeper in the Office for managine the former Duties on Wine Licences ——

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances - -

His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester ----- --- on his Annuity of £. 8,000

More to him - - on Ditto - - £, 9,000

Representatives of Arthur Onslow ----- - ----- - --- on Ditto - - £.3,000

£4 coo

on Ditto on Ditto

on Ditto - - £. 1,500

on her Annuity of £. 1,000 on his Annuity of £. 7,000 on Ditto - - £, 300 on Ditto - - £. 300

- due cth April 1798

- - - due Ditto

- - - due Ditto

- - . - due Ditto

- - - dueDittq

- - - due Ditto

- - - due Ditto

£. 2,000 - - due Ditto

due "Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto due Ditto

John Earl of Chatham Lord Rodney

Lord Heathfield ——

Lady Dorchester ——

The Marquis of Bute, late one of the Auditors of the Impress -Philip Peare, Esq; late a DeputyT)itto -

John Wigglesworth, Ditto' - -- - - -- -- __

Charles Harris, Gent, late Clerk in the Office of Ditto - .....on Ditto - - £. 200 - -- -- - due Ditto

Sir William Musgrave, Bart, one of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on an Annuity of £. 1,000 ----- -- - due Ditto

John Thomas Batt, Esq; another - - - -- - - -- -- - - - on i,oooor - -- -- - due Ditto

William Chamberlayne, Esq; another - on j£. i,oo<7 - -- -- - due Ditto

Sir John Dick, Bart, one of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, - - on an Annuity of £. 500 - - . - - - - due Ditto

John Martin Leake, Esq; another - - -- -- -- - - - on £ 500 - -- -- - due Ditto

For Salaries to Clerks and Contingencies in the Office of the said Commissioners - . ..... ----- - - due Ditto-

Sir George Yonge, Bart. Matter of His Majesty's Mint in England - -1- - -- -- -- - - - - due Ditto

GOVERNOR and COMPANY of the BANK of ENGLAND, on Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt:

Annuities by Acts 4th and 5th King Williapi and Queen Mary, commonly called £. 14 per Cent, which ceaied on 14th February 1792, for Three Months, due 5th April 1798 -

Ditto - - - for 96 Years, by Aits 5th and 6th of the same Reign, which ceased at jth February 1792, for the same Time.

The Commissioners appointed for the Redniftkm of the National Debt, for Three Months, due jth April-1798 z c. t. z -

12,128 15 7!

1,59 8 —

2,115.122

/. J.

« 4i

499,890

211,5.19

>3 3

12 io£

847,469 10 7

224,500 — —

162 10 —

3,262 10 — 2,00a — —

2,250 ——

750 -

J.OOOO — —

500 — —

375 -

250 — —

1,75° ——

75 ——

75 ——

50 ——

250 ——

2jO --- —

,50 — —

125 ——

125 ——

1,500 — ---

3 45® ——

71

ty.7 0 3 7i

2£P, OOQ — —

19" Apritis. ' A. 1798,

c

t *

In

V4

Sugar, Bricks, &c. 1797 - *

Bricks (Excise) - - - - -Cocoa

Tea....

British Spirits ....

Foreign Ditto - -

Stage Coaches -

Auctions....

Deeds - -

Pepper ——

Add1 £ 20 per Cent -

Hor Cjs....

Houses ——

Wrought Plate - - - - -Clocks and Watches - -

Male Servants - -

'Shops ....

Female Servants -

Waggons - - - - ~ Carts ——

53d, 4/. Aid A0 1789 - -

t/

o '

O

D

cs;

fsi'

CD,

oL

54th -55th -56th 57th 5S.I1 -

59;h

60th -Malt -Ditto Ditto

- - - <79°

- - - - 1791

----- --<79 *

- - - - 1793

179+

- - - - >795

- - - - <79®

----- --1794

..... 1795 ----- --1796

crlmpreft Money re-paid by Wm Macarmick, late Governor

of Cape Breton -

by Alexr Davison, late Commissary to the Army under Lord Moira

D

o

0 - -

Carried over - -

12,070 3 5

2,407 ——

.1,579 ——

S3»M6 ——

34,804 ——

30,310 -- —

14,7!2 ——

9 443 ——

120,864 — — 10,35218 5

23,800 — — 2,coo — — -1,900 — —

— 5 4f

2,300 — —

loo — — '

7 < 3 29 <3 5

— 10 —

4 >7 —

566 18 5?

65O — -

65O — -

I >201 5 6

1, 224 8 — 1,781 4 —

8,141 9 5

84,86515 21

38 4 4

1,120 -- —

6,540 — —

287 15 4 466 6 8

4,166,564 6 3J

-c

S

5{

<2

3

c

u

u

On the Capital Stock of £ 6,250,000, £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, created by Ad 33 Geo. III.

On the Capital Stock of £. 11,000,000, £ 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities - *

Ditto - - - - £ 2,750,000, £ 4 per Cent. Ditto - - -

On the Sum of , - - £.9,680 per Ann. being £ 1 per Cent, on the future actual Value of the Annuity of\

11 s. 5 d. per Cent on the said £ 11,000,000, granted fur 66J Years, at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at £ 3 per Cent, per Ann.

On the Capital Stock Gf £. 1,926,52;. 12 s. 5 d. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills

cancelled -

On the Capital Stock of £ 18,000,000, £ 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities - , - -

Ditto ----£. 6,000,000, £ 4 per Cent. Annuities ——

On the Sum of - - £.12,835, being £ 1 per Cent, on the future actual Value of the Annuity of 9

per Cent, on the said £ 18,000,000, for 65! Years, reckoned as above On the Capital Stock of £ 1,609,897. 17 i. 1 d. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Navy Biljs cancelled

On

Oir

On

On

On

On

the Capital Stock of £.21,595,800, Part of £.21,600,000 (£.4,200 being forfeited) £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in respect of £. 18,000,000 borrowed -Ditto - - - - £.4,500,000, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, in respect of the said £ 18,000,000

borrowed ——

the Sum of - - £. 8,460, being £. 1 per Cent, on the Annuity of 6 /. 6d. per Cent, for 64J Years the Capital Stock of £.8,934,200, Part of £.9,000,000, (£.65,800 being forfeited) £ 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in respect of £. 7,500,000 borrowed -On Ditto ---£. 1,859,625, Part of £ 1,875,000 (£. 15,375 being forfeited) £. 3 per Cent. Reduced

Annuities, in respect of the said £. 7,500,000 borrowed the Sum of - - £ 2,925 being £. 1 per Cent, on the Annuity of 5 s. 6d. per Cent, for 63$ Years

the Capital Stock of £ 4,414,074. 4r: 6d. £ 5 per Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Navy Bills cancelled -

Aa$ 34 'Geo. IlI.RK ' £. 7,500 — — 6,875 2,420 — s. 4,816 6 3

created by r 45,000 — —

Acts 35 15,000 — —

) Geo. III. (

3,20815 —

„ 4,024 14 IO§

- - - 53,989 10 —

created b) 11,250 —

Acts 36 / ' ,115 — —

Geo. 111. \

- - - 22,335 <o —

4.649 3

— — - 73 S —

' <1,035 3 H

£ /. d.

15,625 —

41,61, 63

67,233 9 ioi

On the Capital Stock of £.

Ditto ----£. Ditto ----£. Ditto - --£.

Ditto ----£. Ditto ----£. Ditto ----£.

Ditto ----£.

Ditto ----£.

Ditto ---£.

On the Sum of - - £.

On the Capital Stock of £

16,441,809. 4/. £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in lieu of Navy and Vic- tualling Bills cancelled - -

765,427. 11 j. 6d. £ 4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in lieu of Ditto 2,034,889. 11 r. id. £.5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in lieu of Ditto 1,999,699. 4/. 4d. £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in lieu of Exchequer Bills cancelled ——

104,432. 5/. % d, £.4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in lieu of Ditto 270,202. 4/. $d. £.5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, in lieu of Ditto 20,124,841. 15/. £.5 per Cent. Annuities, A0 1797, Part of £.20,250,000 (£. 125,156. 5/. being forfeited) in respect of £ 18 00,000 borrowed

18.125.000, £. 3 perCent. Consolidated Annuities, being a Capital of £. 2; per

Cent, on £. 14,500,000 borrowed ——

7.250.000, £.3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, being an additional Capital of £. 50 per Cent, on the said £. 14,500,000 ——

2,900,000 £. 4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, being an additional Capital of £ 20 per Cent, on the said £. 14,500,000 ——

5,920 per Ann. being £. 1 per Cent, on the Annuity of 6/. per Cent for 62J Years, on the said £. 14,500,000 - -

3,669,300 Imperial Annuities, at£. 3 per Cent in respect of £ 1,620,000 borrowed

106,105 9 nf

created by

Afts37 . Geo'III.

41,104 IO 5I

>9,3 < 4 *

5,087 4 5!

4.999 4

261 1 7

675 10 1

50.312 . 2$

45.312 10 — 18,1 5 — —

7,250 — —

1,480 -- —

9><73 S —

185,694 — 1}

Carried over -

416,269 6 2 J

- - £ 14>59®>946 7 <»

4

38 Geo. III. 190 /iprilis.

INCOME contir.'jcJ. Brought over

Imprest Money re-paid by Sir The5 Shirley, Barr, for con *

tingent Expences at Dominica -

D° ----- by Henry Hughs, Printer of the Journals of the House of Commons ——

D ----- by Henry Banks, on Account of GovT Woodky - -

D° ----- - by the Executors of J. Durand

D° - - , - - by Sir John Dalling, late Governor

of Jamaica ——

- - - - - by Wra ChinneryJ Agent for New

South Wales ——

£ by John Hatfell, Esq; - -

I)0 ----- by Abm Ne Iand, Esq; Overplus of

Interest received by the Bank on - Exchequer Bills -

D# ----- by Charles Harris, on Account of Brigadier General Hope - -

Money paid by the Commissioners for the Sale of Dutch Property -

D# - - by Claude $cot % Esq; on Account of Corn

ibid ior the Use of Government -

D° - - by Meflls. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest

on £. 1,500,000, Par; of a Loan borrowed for the Use of Ireland - -

lunprcfl: Money re-paid by MaLithw Fcrfter, late Commis-iary at the Leeward islands ——

4,166,564 6 5i

38 4 9

19 4 9

145 14 — 27,630 11 4

mmmm mmm0 1

265 6 11

192 16 9

576 11 4

3.572 19. 9 50,000 — — 30,000 —

27.1s6 5 "

710 4 8{-

4.306,672 5

CHARGE, continued.

Bxought over

jr. s. <1.

4,596,946 7 11

Annuities for 10 Years, by Act 17 Geo. Ill which expired at 5th April 1787, for 6 Months, due 5th April 1798 ——

John Penn, Esq; of Stoke Pogis, in the County of B rks, on his Annuity of £. 3,000, for Three Months, due Ditto -

Richard Penn, Esq; of Queen Anne Street, Wed, Middlesex, on Ditto £. 1,000, for - - Ditto - due Ditto - -

His Royal Highness the Duke of York ----- - on Ditto - £.14,000, for - - Ditto - due Ditto

- - - - ----- Clarence ----- on Ditto - £.12,000, for - - Ditto - due Ditto -

Her Royal Highness the Dnchefs f York ----- on Ditto - £. 4,000, for - - Ditto - due Ditto -

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales ----- on Ditto - £.65,000, for - - Ditto - due Ditto -

The Usher of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for Necessaries supplred to the several new Offices in the Quarter ended 5th January 1797 -

5th April 1797

812 19 4$ 908 1 3i

12,500 — —

750 ——

250 — —

3,500 ——

3, coo ——

1,000 --

16,250 — —

1,721 — 7z

John Reeves, Esq; Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police, established pursuant to Act 32 Geo. III. to pay the Salaries of the Clerics, &c. of the said Offices The Right Honourable Henry Addington, Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete his Allowance from 25th December 1797 to 25th March 1798, at the Rate of £. 6,000 per Ann. according to the Particulars of a Certificate in mis Behalf - -

Thomas Marsham, Esq; Secretary to die Commissioners for issuing Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount by Act 37 Geo. III. for defraying the necessary Charges attending the Execution of the said Act ——

George Atwood, Esq; Inspector of Tontine Certificates, to defray certain Expences attending the Execution of an Act 30 Geo. III. ——

The Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells in the Receipt of Exchequer, for their Service in executing the Acts'29th and 3pth George III. for granting Annuities on Lives, for Six Months; due 5th April 1798 -

Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, on his Annuity of £. 2,coo granted by Act 38th Geo. IIL from I ith October 1797 to 5th April 1798

John Earl Saint Vincent, on his Annuity of £. 2,000, granted by Act 38th Geo. IIL from 14th February 1797 to 5th. April 1798 ——

To pay off and cancel Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to an Act 35 Geo. 111. to enable His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount -

3,000 ——

966 4 —

500 — — 350 ——

44° ——

994 S — I 2,277 15 6j 1,565 m 3

TOTAL Charge on the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended 5th April 1798 *

TOTAL Income of - - Ditto ----- Ditto - - Ditto DEFICIENCY of - - Ditto ----- Ditto - - Ditto

4,646,011 4 4f

- 4,306,672 5 H

£ U) 01 vp 04 t 04 00 18 7l

Exchequer, the 19th Day of April 1798.

James Fisher.

g

(O'

1 — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

474 190 A 1798.

38 Geo. III. 19 dprt475

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bill for en- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Tuneofap- Heading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for declaring the puling in Validity of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated ‘1" Causes the Sixth Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have stapled, in such special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize, be now read.'

And the said Order being read accordingly;

- The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. I.22. After " said," to insert "former."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Housei and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: A°d that the Title be. An Act for declaring the Validity of Two Orders in Council, dated the Sixth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, and the Thirtieth

j '

Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have elapsed, in such special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize.

Ordered, That Sir W Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Southwark An ingrafted Bill for making a new Road or Street Roads BUI, from Freejchool Street, Southwark, to Hall Bridge

in Bermondsey, and for enlarging the Term and Powers

..... of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new lload from New Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same and other Roads adjoining, was read the Third Time.

Received, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making a new Road or Street from Freefchcol Street, Southz to Dockhead, and from

thence through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Lilliput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, and for enlarging, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of . - His present Majesty, for making a new Road from

Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the same and other lloads adjoining.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" embodied, in case of Neccfiity, for the Defence 9/

" these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better dividing the Militia into Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia and Supplementary Militia: And that Mr. Secretary Duudas, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War,

Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming DoM-con the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made Yesterday, BdHoapf°omt That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to appoint ad- additional ditional Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Tax for CoAct for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land ventr>'> re *

" Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of iumc *

" the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeight," so far as relates to the City and County of the City of Coventry, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several " of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in f< the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an,

"Aft, made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be " raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year.

" One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven; and " for appointing other Commissioners, together with 1 " those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in " Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for " granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be " raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; and " for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Act for granting an " Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in " Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said first proposed Motion was, with Leave of the Motion with-House, withdrawn. diuvvn *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to B;!I alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in this pro tions'oi'com-sent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for missioners of " granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be " raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," as relates to the Qualifications of Commissioners: And that Mr. Wilberforce Bird, Mr. Jefferies, Mr. Long, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

?.;n for regu- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for "'Uitnngof rc§uiatinS the depasturing of Commons and uninclosed <Tfinmon , Lands with Sheep: And that Sir William Lemon, Mr. ordered. Gregor, Mr. William Eliot, and Mr. Robson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill for better The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

wllitia into Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act forpro-Kegiments, " viding an Augmentation to the Militia, to be

&c. ordered. " trained and exercised in the Manner thereindirested; ' " and for enabling I Us Maicfty to cause the same to be

' VOL.53. *

A Mcfl'age from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Th- Lord *

Wilmot: have agreed to

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ar.

Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, c 01urc ‘ Commons, or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Port bury, in the county of;

without any Amendment.

And then the Mcllengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Voices to mittee, to whom the Bill for altering and enlarging the L hsow01'

PoWCrS and Lanark Roads BUI.

476

tp° Apr

A. 1798.

Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathg, to in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said

Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein, is committed.

Bill for mak» Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Tax<heMc?d ou e> according to Order, a Bill for making perpetual, pie- tual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Man *

fented. ner therein Rated, the several Sums of Money now

charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

> Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Srrvnnfs, Car- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Dmws Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for repealing the deferred. Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon, in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be , made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Morn-

" ing next."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon " Tuesday Morning next" be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lo amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, and on the Report, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the > Members of the House.

Bill refnest- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House deferred!"5' ° ref°lve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations ' " respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or refi-.

" dent therein, in certain Cafes," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill tore n- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third office in the Reading of the ingrossed Bill to abolish certain Offices, Customs, re.'J and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; Thr.I?!ld and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingross'ed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for returning a List to Parliament of Persons placed on the Superannuation Fund.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon the 5th Day of this Instant April, was made from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the moll effectual Means for their Im provement and Extension, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Buxton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, " made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries."

And Mr. Buxton moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries And that Mr. Buxton, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members " to serve in Parliament," was committed;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, as amended by the Committee and on the Report, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries.

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Committee oft Report relative to British Fisheries.

reported *

Bill ordered *

Bill to amend Act for preventing Expence at Eleo tions, re-committed.

Houses, Arc Duties Bill, to be printed *

Southern Whale Filfcev ries Bill, deferred,

Northern-Lighthouses Bill, deferred *

Militia Paj Bill, deferred *

L30 Qte

Whlpfnade

Inclosure Bill,

committed.

Ham ham Hill Road Bill, reported.

Dewfhnry and Ealand Road Bill, presented.

Bleathwood Inc lot ure Bill, committed.

El van foot Road Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III.

477

I-Ioufe, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Aprilis;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1798,

1

Prayers.

A BILL for extinguishing all Right of Common in, upon, or over, certain YVoods or YVood Grounds, in the Parish of Whipsnade, in the County of Bedford, and for enabling William Beckford, Esquire,

the Owner of the said Woods or Wood Grounds, to inclose the fame, and for veiling a perpetual clear Yearly Rent- Charge, to be Bluing out of the same Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Compensation for l'uch Right of Common, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Honywood, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Francis John Brozvne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from near the City of New Sarum, in the County of to an Intrenchment on Ajlerw in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he rtad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. i

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

0

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King the Seconcf,

and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from to

Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of 7'ork: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Parcel of YVafle Land, called Common, within the Parish of Little ,in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

' Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Taylor, Mr. Scudamore, And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. M Dot vail reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from near Dinwoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries,

Vo 1.. 53.

to or near Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanark, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found 'the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;' and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near under-lyneand Oldham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, her. And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for allotting and dividing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and W fte Grounds, lying within the several Parishe. of and Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and YV afte Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Pejft/ls Field, and Part of a certain Moor called Little Sheford Moor, within Harflon and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes of LittleShe/Jord and Newton, some or one of them, all in the Coi.hty of Cambridge, was committed; and to whom the Petition of l'evcral Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of a very considerable Part of the Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Harston, Hauxton, Newton, and ford, ill the County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; except, that the last of the Notices was not given in the Parishes of Harfion and Hauxton, owing to the Person, who attended upon the 10th of September last to put up the said Notices, having been obstruded from l'o doing by an armed Mob; and also, except that the Two last Notices were net given in the Parish of Little Shelf or d upon the 3d and 10th of September last, owing to the same Circumstance; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 59 Houses having Right of Common, and the Proprietors of 481 Acres and'an Half of Arable and Pasture Land, who refuted-to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 18 Houses, and the Proprietors of 35 Acres and 3 Roods of Arable and Pasture Land, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Amount of the Property interdict! in the inclosure conlifts of 143 Houses, and 1,882 Acres and One Rood of Arable and Pasture Land); and that the Committee had gone through the Dili, and made several Amendment's thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W! iere the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

6 K Mr.

v

Manchester and A Alton-under-lyne Canil Mill, committed.

Harfton T11-closure Bill, reported.

v

Militia Regulation Bill, presented.

Bill to continue Act for Encouragement of Bri-tifti Fisheries, p.efented.

Houses, &:c. . Duties Bill, deferred.

King's Mef-lage re {peeing the Designs of the 'Enemy.

20° Jprilis.

A. 1798.

Mr. Secretary Dundasprefer.ted to the House, according to Order, a I3>Li for better dividing the Militia into Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, for aug-. menting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia and Supplementary Militia: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and " amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the Fishe-

" ries:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth;

GEORGE VL.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that, from various Advices received by His Majesty, it appears that the Preparations for the Embarkation of Troops and Warlike Stores are now carried on with cQnsiderable and increasing Activity in the Ports of France, Flanders, and Holland, with the avowed Design of attempting the invasion of His Majesty Dominions; and that in this Design the Enemy is encouraged by the Correspondence and Communication of Traitorous and Disaffected Persons and Societies of these Kingdoms.

His Majesty places the firmest Reliance, under the Divine Providence, on the Bravery of His Fleets and Armies, and on the Zeal, Public Spirit, and unshaken Courage, of His Faithful People, already manifested in the voluntary Exertions of all Ranks of His Majesty's Subjects, for the General Defence, and more than ever necessary, at a Moment when they are called upon to contend for the Preservation of all that is dear to them.

His Majesty, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, has thought it right to give Directions that the said Cavalry should be drawn out, and embodied: And it is also His Majesty's Intention to order the Part, not yet embodied, of the Augmentation made to the Militia, under the Acts of the last Session, to be forthwith drawn Out and embodied, in pursuance of His Majesty's Communication already made to the House of Commons on this Subject.

His Majesty feels it incumbent on Him to make the lulled Ule of the extensive Means already provided by the Wisdom of Parliament for the National Defence; but He feels it at the same Time, under the Circumstances which He has dated, indispensably necessary to recommend it to the House of Commons to consider, without Delay, of such f urther Measures as may-enable

His Majesty to defeat the wicked Machinations of dif-affected Persons within these Realms, and to guard against the Designs of the Enemy cither Abroad or at Home. G. R.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble AJ>irefs Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His 1 ltrcui, on' Majesty the humble Thanks of this House for His most gracious Message; and to allure His Majesty that this House, will, without Delay, proceed to the Confederation of the interesting Subjects, therein mentioned, with all the Attention which their Importance to the Safety of these Kingdoms require.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Je'XXthX *

IF 1 llrnot. House to lit.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will continue lifting for some Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Resolved, That this House will continue fitting, as House re-desired by their Lordships. fining"

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to SwifsProperty prevent, during the War; Persons residing or being in Blll> ordered. Great Britain from advancing Money or Etfefts for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Szvitzerland, or any Bodies Politic

or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and; all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, to and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government, and for preventing the Transfer of Stock, by virtue of any Power of Attorney, from Persons residing in France, The United Provinces, or Switzerland, or any of the Territories belonging to, or dependent on, either of them, without Licence from one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Secretary Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords IVilmot: h,ve passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Habeas Cor-empowerllis Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty Avail suspect are conspiring against His -Person and Government; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be now read the First Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas w'ent forth.

1

rp , C ,. (Mr. John Charles 0

... 11 r 1 \r \ Mr. Hobhouse

Tellers for the Noes.-J, . r, J

(Air. Greene:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time. Bill, read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill "be now read a Second

Time.

The

Bill, committed.

confidejred.

reported.

passed,

Swiss Property Bill, pre-feiuea.

Bradford and Wakefield Rcfad Bill, committed.

2o° — 2i° Jprilis. 479

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To-riiorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for resuming the Bi'l to resr«. adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ol,.JeVinthe ingrossed Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate Customs, de-'certain other Offices, iii the Customs; and for applying fcrrtd-the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said BUI be further adjourned till To-nior-irow Morning:

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Simply, de--ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole feneJ‘ House, to conlidfcr further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itl'eif into a Committee of the whole de~

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

38 Geo. III.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will; immediately', resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the'Chair.

The Lord Hawkesbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hawkesbury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the ProVifions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government; and for preventing the Transfer of Stock by virtue of any Power of Attorney from Persons residing in France, The United Provinces, or Switzerland, or any of the Territories belonging to, or dependent on, either of them, without Licence from'one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State: And the same was received; and read the First Time-.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabi at/, 210 Aprilis;

Anno 38° Georgii IIIU1 Regis, 1798.

MR. Long presented to the House, by His Ma- Account of

jesty's Command, Work at

An Account of Monies due to the several Artificers pre_ for Work done at Somerset Place, under the Direction fenced, of Sir William Chambers, and Estimate of Repairs immediately necessary to be performed there.

And then he withdrew

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Prayers.

' J'

An ACCOUNT'of Monies due to the several Artificers for Work done at Somerset Place, under the Direction of Sir William Chambers, and Estimate of Repairs immediately necessary to be performed there.

Monies due to the several Artificers Eilnnate of Repairs immediately necessary

14,600 — 400 —

s. d.

15,000 ——

Treasury Chambers, zift April 1798.

Charles Long,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through to Wakefield,

in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 53.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message by Sit Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher Royal Aflint of the Black Rod: ' to Bllis'

Mr. Speaker,

Thd Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts

Swiss Property Bill, committed.

Bill to regulate certain Oakes in the Customs, deferred.

480 ' 2 1° ----- --23

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De-fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to One Public Bill and One Private Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of His

Royal Highness the Duke of , the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills} and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal A1-sent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Redons'as His Majesty shall lufpeft are conspiring against His Person and Government:

- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying wfithin the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of So-merfet.

A Bill to prevent, during the War, Persons raiding or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid . or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government; and for preventing the Transfer of Stock by virtue of any Power of Attorney from Persons residing in France, The United Provinces, or Switzerland, or any of the Territories belonging to, or dependent on, either of them, without Licence from one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

0 Aprilis. A. 1798.

Lunce,230 die;

Anno 38° Georgii III‘" Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A BILL for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of CarHJle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of and

land, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pochth presented to -the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of T).litreaflon, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish and Lordship, or Liberties, of in

the County of Leicester And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for continuing and amending Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from H near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on AJkerwell Hill, in the County of DcrJ'et, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on Hill, in the County of Dorset, and from the Index Poll on the Side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called . Master Baker's Farm House, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis John Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from-vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Dickinsonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of Queen, or Little in the Parish of Saint John the Ba.ptif, in Glafonbury, and also certain Parcels of Waste Land in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint Benedict, in Glafonbury, all in the County of Somerset:And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Edward Scaly, of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That George Revokes, of Long Fleet, in the County of Dorset, Tanner, obtained 8 His

Carl i lie and Peril itii Roads Bill, committed.

Thurcaftort Inclosure Billi preieuted.

Swithland Inclosure Bill, presented.

Harnham Hill Road Bill, palkd.

OiaflonbuT Inclosnrc Bill, p rcicnted

Mr. Scaly's Petition re-faceting th Ufa of Elm, Bark in the Tanning of Leather.

v

K van foot Road Bill, pAifed.

38 Geo. Ill,

23° Ap

481

His Majesty's Letters Patent, bearing Date the 2d of June 1795, for the Term of Fourteen Years, from the Date thereof, for the sole Use and Benefit of his Discovery or Invention of Tanning Leather with Elm Bark; and, in pursuance of a Proviso in that Behalf, contained in the said Letters Patent, caused a particular Specification and Description of his Method and Materials used for tanning to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery on the 27th Day of 1795, and did, for a valuable Consideration, assign to the Petitioner all his Right and Title to, and Interest in, the said Letters Patent, and the same are now veiled absolutely in the Petitioner; and that, prior to such Assignment, and in consequence of an Intercourse between the Petitioner and certain Persons of Eminence in the Tanning Trade, numerous Experiments were made, with the Consent, and under the Direction, of the Petitioner, to enable them to determine, with Certainty, how far Elm Bark might prove a Substitute for Oak Bark; and that, from the Result of the said Experiments, the said Persons, being convinced of the great Utility of the said Invention, convened a General Meeting of the Tanners, and submitted Parts of the Leather so tanned, with a particular Account of the Experiments, to their Examination, and Rated it to be> their Opinion,-that the Leather, so tanned with Elm Bark, was nearly equal in Goodness to what was theretofore tanned with Oak Bark, and farther Rated, that Elm Bark would prove a Substitute for Oak Bark, afiiR the Manufacturer, be the Means of preserving Oak Timber, and of increasing the Public Revenue; and that the Tanners, assembled at the said Meeting, were satisfied that the Leather tanned with Elm Bark was firm, durable, and good, and that the Advantages above-mentioned;would accrue to the Public from the Use thereof being generally introduced, and accordingly agreed, unanimously, that a Memorial should be presented, to that Effect, to the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Foreign Plantations, from which Memorial, and from the Answers given to the Questions proposed by their Lordships, it appears that the Tanners in general are desirous of having the Use of Elm Bark legalized, and the Advantages to arise from the said Patent secured to the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner hath employed great Part of the lafi Three Years in prosecuting and bringing to Perfection this Discovery, in which he hath incurred a very considerable Expence, without deriving the leaR Advantage therefrom; and that the Petitioner hath seen a Bill depending in the House for legalizing the Use of Elm Bark, by taking off the ReRridtions of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the FirR, intituled, "An Act " concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other " Artificers, occupying the Cutting of Leather," which he conceives is introduced at the Request of the Tanners, upon the avowed Ground that Elm Bark may be used in the Tanning of Leather greatly to the Advantage of the Public, and the Petitioner is apprehen-five, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now Rands, it would be highly injurious to the Petitioner, by depriving him of the Advantage secured to him by the said Letters Patent: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for l'ecuring to him all the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, granted by the said Letters Patent, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Gore

ton,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Road from near Dinwoodie , in the County of

Vol. 53.

The Lord have agreed to

Stanton Inclosure BilL

GUfpoW . Road Bill.

Dumfries, to or near Elvavfoot, in the County of Lanark, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from near Dinwoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries, to or near Elvanfoot, in the County of Lanark.

Ordered, That Mr, M‘Dowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Wafie. Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Tw'o Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-firR Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Globy Muirkirk, to the Confines of the County of and other Roads communicating the rewith, and the Road from the Village of Gorbals and New Bridge of Glasgow, by the Chapel of Cambuslang, till it joins the Road from Hamilton, by Burnbank, towards Eaglesham, in the County of Renfrew; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at -marnock, or Farme Ford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Esquire, with

Grace Ashburner, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report of further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for allotting and divid- further conii-ing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, deieJ‘ and Wafie Grounds, lying within the several Paddies of Half on and Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Wafie Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Peffills Field, and Part of a certain Moor called Little Shelford Moor, within Harflon and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes of Little Shelf ord and Newton, some or ohe of them, all in the County of Cambridge, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into, further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. x

o

The Lords have paired

Boddington's Divorce Bill.

Mr. Wilberforce Bird presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by " a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight," as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners: And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

6 G A Petition

Bill rotating to (juafihea-tions of Commissioners of Land Tax, presented.

482 ' 23 0 Aprilis. 1798.

Petitions from A Petition of the Merchants-, Manufacturers, and the Amendments were Once read throughout; and t hen Bii aalin(t Shippers of Goods, and others interested in the Ex- a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question £1 7Owners ports and Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Bill. Wigan: And also. , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and ingrafted.

Shippers of Goods, and others interested in the Ex- .

1 ports and Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of Mr. William Dmidas presented to the House, accord- Bill forcalling

Bury; ing to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to call out a Scot Mmluj

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called presented. Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Owners and Mailers of Ships; and Setting of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise and embody forth, That the same would, if palfed into a Law, " a- Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great greatly reduce the Responsibility of the Owners Britain called ScotlandAnd the same was received; and Mailers of Ships, at the Rilk, and highly to and read the First Time.

the Prejudice, of the Shippers of Goods on Rejoined, T. hrtt the Bill be read a Second Timd.

Freight, and thereby deprive such Shippers of

that Security which is so essential to the Protec- Sir William Lemon presented to the House, according Bill for relation of Trade, and w ion manifestly results from to Order, a Bill for regulating the depasturing of Com- pXinn of proper Care being necessarily taken of their mons and uninclosed Lands with Sheep: And the same Common ., Goods, and from the efficient Equipment of was received; and read the First Time. presented.

freighted Ships, and the due Navigation there- Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

of; and that by the Law, as it now Hands, the Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Shippers of Goods can protect themselves by upon this Day Sevennight. insurance against all Risks which their Goods Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

are exposed to in a Sea Voyage, and for which the Owners of Ships are not responsible, whereas, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, they would be exposed to Risks against which they cannot insure, in consequence of the present ‘ Responsibility of the Ship Owners being removed, or greatly reduced; and such Increase of Rilk would tend to deter Manufacturers and other Persons, who have been accustomed to export Goods on their own Account, from engaging in these Adventures, and thereby greatly injure the Export Trade of this Kingdom; and that the said Bill purports to exonerate Owners of Snips from Responsibilities to which they are now liable upon Contracts, already entered into, and thereby to operate as an ex post JaElo Law, which the Petitioners submit would be highly ‘ unjust: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Alconbury A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the vvanstord Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Bridge, &c. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Roads Bill, " enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, made

committed. M for repairing and amending that Part of the Road

" leading from a certain Place called The White , on " Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, to " ford Bridge, in the said County, called The North Division of the North Road, and for repairing the Road " leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, " to the City of Peterboro, in the County of " ampton," and for more effectually repairing and im-! proving the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lcith Harbour Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to Bill, reported. whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; t and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where 6

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Militia Regu-Reading of the Bill for better dividing the Militia into Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia and Supplementary Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refolned, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoined, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SuPP1)'-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be nOW read. Accounts,&c

And the said Order being read accordingly; -referred:

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Ex- Extraordim-pences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right Army. honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces in the Year ending the 24th of December 1797, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money Money j.flued which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pur- Address .0 fuanfc to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest. after the Rate Amt-ion and of 1 os. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, B-a Florida

of the Principal -Sum unsatisfied,' after the Payments £ullcrers-which became due on the 10th Day of October 1797, on the several Orders made out pursuant to an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Relief to such Persons as have fullered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dificnfions in America, in consequence of their Loj'alty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the

British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Perfor.s who furnillied Prpvisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Dav of April 1798,-together with the Sum of £6-5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order,' and also for Six Months Interest, which

will

38 Geo. III.

23

Mint.

Prosecutions, &c. relating to the.Coin.

Printing Journal 5, 6cc.

Expences of Alien Act.

Fitting up Houses for the Speaker and Serjeant.

Attendance on Committee.

Rent of Parliament Office.

Account of Money ifl'ued out of Civil Lilt.

Work at Some r let Place.

African Company's Petition.

Bi itifn Mu-feum Per it ion,

Accounts of British Mu icum.

Do.

Turkey Com party's Petition.

IK

♦/ill become due on the 10th Day of October 1798, after the same Rate of .3. 10 per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5 s. of the Principal Surri undischargecl of each Order respectively, in which the Amount of Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Balance due on the Account of the Expences of His Majesty's Mint for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom in the Year 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimateof the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Expences of the Year 1798, arising from the Execution of the Provisions of the Alien Act, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money ifl'ued to Mr. Groves, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for fitting up Two Houses for the Speaker of the House of Commons, and the Serjeant at Arms, which has not' been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money ifl'ued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Attendance on various Committees of the House of Commons, in the Sessions 1795-6, which has not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money ifl'ued to George Rose, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Two Years Rent of the Parliament Office, and which has not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies ifl'ued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee Ordered, That the Account of Monies due to the several Artificers for Work done at Somerset Place, under the Direction of Sir William Chambers, and Estimate of Repairs immediately necessary to be performed there, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee. \

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of The British Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Accounts of " the Trustees of The BritisliMufeum for the Years 1796 "and 1797," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Accounts of The Brit if 1 Museum for the Year 179s, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day cf December last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of this Instant April, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the IToufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 53.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

> Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,'to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Ml for rv.v-Reading of the Bill for making perpetual, subject to T pe. e- Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein Hated, tu.ii, commit--the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Bri- ttl1 tain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words "upon this Day Fortnight."

And the Question being put, That the Word Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for ,he Yeas, } r5J.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now fead a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

4 Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sc-vennight, the 2d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That this House be called oveT upon Friday Sevennight, he to the 4th Day of May next; carver.

It passed in the Negative.

" now"

} 3»-

Ways and Means, do ferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Huddersfield whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Penistone and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Se- p 're" venteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to Penifione, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

directed

230 — 24 *

A. 1798.

Northern

Lighthouses Bill, deferred.

Militia Pay Bill, deferred.

SVifsPropfrty Bill, defenrea.

Bill to reGju-

late certain Offices in the Customs, deferred.

_ *

dire died him to report to the House; and he read the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: -.Where the Report'

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, was read.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where Ord, That the said Report do lie upon the the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Table, then.a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Mr. of Abingdon presented to the House, Abingdon

House. according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Powers of Two several Acts, the one passed in the pieene ingrossed. Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth The Other Orders of the Day being read; Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amend-

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Coming, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a missioners appointed for eredking certain Lighthouses Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be read a Second from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombehill-gate, in Time Tomorrow Morning. the Road leading to in the County of

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Berks, so far as the same relate to the Abingdon District resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of the said Roads therein mentioned: And the same was upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and received; and read the First Time.

CloatKing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight. Sir Henry Paulet Saint John reported from the

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Rp0necl] and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, intituled, An Act to enable Esquire, a passed,

upon the Bill to prevent, during the War, Persons re- Lunatic, or his Committee, to execute Conveyances, tiding or being in Great Britain from advancing Money Surrenders, and Alignments, of such of the Estates, or Effcdls for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts devised by the Will of Pefcod, Esquire, de-

owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or ceased, in Trust, for Payment of his Debts and Le-any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, gacies, as are, or shall be, fold under the Decree of without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the the High Court of Chancery, was committed; That Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Committee had examined the Allegations of the the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the prevent, during the present War between Great Britain Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers 'House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Terri- Bill in at the Clerk's Table, tones, and Places, under their Government; and for And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

preventing the Transfer of Stock, by virtue of any Power Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

of Attorney, from Persons reflding in France, The United Ordered, That Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildmay

Provinces, or Switzerland, or any of the Territories be- do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, longing to, or dependent on, 'either of them, without that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Licence from one of His MajestyYprincipal Secretaries Amendment.

of State.

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 40 die Aprilis;

Anno 38° Georgii III'" Regis, 1798.

A Petition of his Grace the Duke of Athol/, Go- Petition of vernor in Chief of the Isle of Mann, See. was presented AtholWe-to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pe- spefting the titioner has been applied to by the Persons concerned Herrins Fish' in the Herring Fishery carried on on the Coasts of the eiy'

Isle of Mann, praying the Petitioner to endeavour to procure them equal Encouragement with the Persons concerned in the British Fishery; and that the Manx Herring Fishery gives Employment to a very great Number of small Vessels and Fishermen, and is a most fruitful Nursery for Seamen; and that the said Fishery does not continue for more than Three or Four Months . in the Year, and, by the existing Laws, the Persons and Vessels employed in the same cannot follow the Fisheries on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, without labouring under great Disadvantages which the British Fishcurers are not subject to; and that the Manx

Bill to amend Neath Canal A&, reported.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have alTented to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, witW the Amendments, and also the

Fishcurers are not upon an Equality with the British Fishcurers in regard to Bounties, and the Petitioner is authorized by them to say, that, should the Parliament of Great Britain think it expedient, in the present Times, toabolish the Herring Bounties altogether, they Would not complain; that all they alk is to be put on the same Footing with the British Fishcurers (whether Bounties be granted or not) so that they may go to Market on equal Terms; and that the Petitioner, being sensible of the Reasonableness of these Requests, feels' it his Duty, not only as Governor of the Isle of Mann, but as otherwise deeply interested in, and connected with, the Prosperity of the said Isle, to lay these Matters before the House, more especially, as he understands a Bill is at present pending in the House, for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries: And therefore

praying.

38 Geo III.

praying the House to take the same of the Fish-curers and Fifljermen under Consideration, and grant them such Relief (by Provisions in the said Bill, or otherwise) as the House may think fit and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. '

.Crofsford Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom

MuuchsKer the Bill for more effectually widening, repairing, and koad But, re- amending, the Road from Crofsford , through the ported. Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the; same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

_ a

Pfctltion from A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Shfr> Shippers, of Goods, and others interested in the Exports Owner Bill, and Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships; and Setting forth, That the same would, if passed into a Law, greatly reduce the Responfi-bility of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, at the Rilk, and highly to the Prejudice, of the Shippers of Goods on Freight, and thereby deprive such Shippers of that Security which is foeffential to the Protection of Trade, and which manifellly results from proper Care being heceflarily taken of their Goods, and from the efficient Equipment of freighted Ships, and the due Navigation thereof; and that by the Law, as it now Hands, the Shippers of Goods can protect themselves, by Insurance, against all Rilks which their Goods are exposed to in a Sea Voyage, and for which the Owners of Ships are not responsible, whereas, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, they would be exposed to Rilks against which they cannot insure, in consequence of the present Re-fponfibility of the Ship Owners being removed, or greatly reduced; and such Increase of Rilk would tend to deter Manufacturers, and other Persons who have been aCCustomed to export Goods on their own Account, from engaging in these Adventures, and thereby greatly injure the Export Trade of this Kingdom; and that the said Bill purports to exonerate Owners of Ships from Refpolifibilities to which they are now liable, upon Contracts already entered into, and thereby to operate as an ex post facto Law, which the Petitioners submit Vvould be highly unjust: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Vol. 53.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are uite" of thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into the Upoor° Execution Two Acts, made in the Fourteenth and against St. Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Pa- Poor Petition, rish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of

dlesex, and for other Purposes, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Y'.mf of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An "Aft for the better Relief and Employment of the " Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch,

" in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Work-" house, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Bu *

" rial Ground for the Use of the said Parish," and also an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for granting further Powers for carrying the same into Effect; and Setting forth, That the said Acts, if duly put in Execution, arc fully sufficient for the Recovery of the Poor's Rate to be paid in respect of Houses and other Buildings let at a Iefs yearly Rent than Ten Pounds in the said Parish; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would introduce an unnecessary Innovation in the general Law of the Country', without being productive of any local Advantages to the said Parish: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Alderman Lvfhingtonreported from the Com- Report on

mittee, who were appointed, to take into Consideration xurnoile an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Acts.‘ present Majesty intituled, "An Act to explain, amend,

" and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general " Laws, how in being, for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain called,

" and for other Purposes and also an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year- of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act, lo far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to thife House; That the Committee had confideted the said Acts, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Traffic upon the Roads in the Neighbourhood of London is exposed to considerable Inconveniences by the present Limitation of Weights.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That. Carts, having the Fellies of the Wheels Six Inches in Breadth, and the Tire perfectly flat and cylindrical,

should be allowed an additional Weight of Ten Hundred to the respective Weights now allowed in Summer and.

Winter, on paying an Addition of £.Centum upon

the Tolls now paid at the respective Turnpike Gates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Waggons, having the Fellies of the Wheels Six Inches in Breadth, and the Tire perfectly flat and cylindrical, should be allowed an additional Weight of Thirteen Hundred to the respective Weights now allowed in Summer and Winter, on paying an Addition of£.50 per Centum upon the Tolls now paid at the respective Turnpike Gates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, as Weighing Engines are intended to prevent c'xccffive Weights, and not to increase the Revenues of

6 H the

Minutes of Evidence, ordered.

Shrewton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Rockbome and Wich-bury Inclosure Bill, reported.

486

4° jfyr

.1798.

the Turnpikes, the Trufrees of Roads should be restrained from leafing or otherwise letting the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Weighing Engines should be inspected by, and under the Regulation of, the inspectors of Weights and Balances, or of l'uch Persons as the Magistrates of the County shall appoint.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That the Roads in the Neighbourhood of London, suffer materially from the conical Shape of the Sixteen Inch Wheels, and from the projecting middle Tire and the improper Form of Nine Inch Wheels now in use.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Wheels of all Waggons and Carts of the Breadth of Six or Nine Inches, should be perfectly flat and cylindrical.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Weights now allowed to Waggons with Sixteen Inch Wheels are injurious to the Roads.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the proposed experimental Regulations, with re-fpect to the Weights to be carried in Carts and Waggons, should be limited to a Distance within Twenty-tive Miles of the Metropolis, and to continue for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2d Day of May next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be fuihcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the said Committee, be laid before this House.

A Bill for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of , in the County of

Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -dockre Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, &c..: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber

i ‘ i

Mr. Ashleyreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Rockbome, in the County of Southampton, and Wichbury, in the County of Wilts, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Copyhold and Leasehold Tenants of the Manor of Rockbome or Whitsiury, or otherwise entitled to Lands and Hereditaments within the Parishes of Rockbome and Whitsbury, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that no Person appeared before the Committee in Support of the (/.id Petition j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and h d also given their Consent to the leaving out One of the Commissioners.Names, and adding Two others to the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Huddersfield

ing and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the; nJ P'-mitune , ° . ", or . „ rrr Road Bill,

Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, lb'far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to Penifione, was read the Third Time. ' *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next SelTun of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, lb far as relates to the Road from Huddersfield to Penifione.'

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafcel/es do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Pe- Committee on tition of Edward Seedy, of Bridgewater, in the County uk-nYm-of Somerset, Merchant, is referred, do report their powered to Opinion to the House upon the Matter contained in r-t,01't °p»-the said Petition. nKm *

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Dewiburyani Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second B commit-Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and ted/ the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dezvfibury to

Ealaiid, in the West Riding of the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Person?, whose Names arc Petition to thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses of the Corough of in the tiofiYor

County of Wilts, was delivered in at the Table, and Mainubury. read; Setting forth, That, on the lotli Day of May 1797, the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition presented by James John Faffiar, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to the House that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the petition did wholly depend upon the Right of Election, and that thereupon the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties.to deliver to the Clerk to the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended j and that, in consequence thereof, the;, Cpunfel for the Petitioner delivered in a Statement, as follows: " The Counsel " for the Petitioner state. That the Right of Election " for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough " of Mahnfbury, in the County of Wilts, is in the Alderman, Capital Burgesses, Assistunts, Landholders, and " Commoners, of the said Boroughand that the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Philip Metcalfe,

Esquire, delivered in a Statement as follows: " T he " Counsel for the Sitting Member state. That the " Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament " for the Borough of Malmffiury, in the County of " Wilts, is in the Alderman and Twelve Capital Buijgestes onlythat, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the petitioner, the said Select Committee have determined, that the Right of Election, as let forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Alahnsbury: That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, the said Select Committee have deter-6 mined.

38 Geo. IIL 24' s.

mined, that the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the said Borough of Malmsbury; and that the Petitioners believe, and are advised, that the Right of Election, so determined by the said Select. Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough: And therefore, to prevent the Judgment of the said Select Committee from becom-. ing final and conclusive, the Petitioners pray, That they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in this same made and provided, to oppose the Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have so reported, and that the Petitioners, may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of their same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 11 th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the . Returning Officer of the Borough of,

according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Petition re- The House being informed that the several Persons, who have petitioned this House on Behalf of them-tion for C selves and others, Freemen and Electors of the Borough Tewkesbury, of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, desiring to withdrawn. admitted Parties to oppose the Right of Election for the said Borough, which was reported to the House upon the ill Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

The House being also informed that the several Persons, who have petitioned this House on Behalf of themselves and others, the Freemen and Persons seised of an Estate of Freehold in an entire Dwelling House within the ancient Limits of the Borough of 'Tewkef-bury, in the County of Gloucester, desiring to be admitted Parties to defend such Right of Election, so

prills. 48 y

reported to the House as aforesaid, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration upon Thursday next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Tewkesbury, have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Freemen and Persons seised of an Estate of Freehold in an entire Dwelling House, within the ancient Limits of the Borough of bury, have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Britain,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-eight," as relates to the Qua lification of Commissioners, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;.

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill.be committed to a Committee of the whole Hdul'e.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Longpresented to the House, by. His Majesty s Command,

An Account of the Excess beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been or shall be printed by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1797: And also,

An. Account of Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, at the Places, and in the Periods therein mentioned.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followed); viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Excess beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers which have been or shall be printed by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1797.

Three Hundred Sixty Pounds and Three Pence.

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 24th April 1798.

" ChprJes Long.

Vol. 53,

M

Bill retiring to Qualifies- tion of Commissioners of Land Tax, committed *

Accounts - presented s

Printing Journals, See. of the House of Commons *

Money issued out of Civil List.

Convicts *

v

240 Aprilis. A. i

An ACCOUNT <jf the Monies issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List

Revenues, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Robert Jupfr and other Archite&s, for making a Survey at 'Somerset Place, including Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

To John Soane, Architect, for Expences of Journies to fVinckejier, t6 examine the State of the King's House there, and for making Estimates and Drawings of the Repairs, &c. including Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - , -

800

98

T9 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 24th April 1798.

Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of the Expellee of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, at the

Places, and in the Periods under-mentioned::

On the River Thames, from the 12th Day of October 1796 to the 31st Decern- s.

to 797 - " - - 4>244 H

In Langston and Portsmouth Harbours, from the 21st Day of December 1796 to

the 31 fr December 1797 - -- 21,094 3 1

Granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1797

Remains to be provided for

£. s. d.

35>338 7

32,000 ——

3,338 17 8 *

Treasury Chambers,

24th April 1798.

Charles Long.

4

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Estimates pne-fented;

Chejfca. Hot pitii.

Widows Pen-fionx.

Scotch. Roads,

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1798.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House; by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of

the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Supplementary Militia in the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Provisional Cavaliy in Great Britain, in the Year 1798: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, for the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Expences incurred, or expected to be incurred, in the Barrack Mailer General's Department, in the Year 1798: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1798.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

1

Supplementary Militia.

Provisional

Cavalry'.

Volunteer

Corps.

Barrack Department.

Foreign

Corps.

38 Geo. Ill,

240 ApriliSi

489

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1798-,

15,853 Out Pensioners, at Five Pence per Diem each, from 25th 1797 to 24th

December 1798, deducting for Pensions unclaimed 2,316. 14 zd. -400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each - - - - - -

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each ——

16,284

Additional Pension to blind and disabled Men

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners -

To the Agent's Clerks ——

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum -

To the Rent of a House for the Examination of Out-Pensioners

From which deduct out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions

£- d

x i 61 ——

414 _ —

1,000 ——

a 00 ——

>77 5 ——

1,200 ——

jDeduct, already provided on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces for the Year 1798 -

War Officej

24th April 1798 *

In all to be made good -

£ d.

118,232 2 11

7,300 ——

424 6 3

»25>956 9 4

8oo ——

126,756 9 2

L575 -

128,331 9 2

12,164 4 it

116,167 4 3

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1798.

"Pay per Annum of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers - -

Cloathing for Ditto ——

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers -

Board Wages and Table for Ditto - - ' ' -

Surgeon and Apothecary - - - - _

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary

Tradesmen -

Provisions ——

Contingencies and Extraordinaries . -

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions, for 1798 -

In all to be made good - - - £

War Office, »

24th April 1798. IV. Windham.

£' s. d.

1,266 2 4

1,015 4 5 3,896 9 —

669 ——

2,019 11 9

1,900 — —

3,300 ——

10,881 — — 4,400 ——

29»347 7 6

2,800 — —

26,547 17 6

Vox.. 53.

6 I

ESTIMATE

49°

2 4° Aprilis.

A. 1798.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the

Year 1798.

Numbers Rank of their late Husbands Rates of Pensions Charge *

48 Widows of Colonels - - - - 30 - - - Lieutenant Colonels - ' 28 - - Majors - - - - - -179 - - - Captains - - - - -194 - - - Lieutenants - - - - 198 - - - Ensigns, &c. - - - - -6 - - - Physicians and Purveyors - - - -5 - - Staff Surgeons and Apothecaries - 5° 4° 30 26 20 16 30 26 — — 2,400 1,200 840 4,654 — — . 3,880 3>r68 180 130

688 - - - - . a. _ U a. 16,452 *

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound, allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above Rated - - - - -Salary of the Deputy Paymaster, per Annum - - - - 822 12 — IOO 922 12 —

Total - - jt. - - - i7>374 1 —

From which deduct the following Sums already provided;

On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons - - - On Ditto for the Marine Corps - - - ;- 2,832 8 9 1,567 8 — 4,419 16 9

Remains to be provided - - - £ 12.954 15 i

War Office 24th April 1798. . Windham.

In the 198 Widows above-mentioned, are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter-masters, and Regimental Surgeons, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign's Widow.

' 4 ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges for the Year 1798. in North Britain, *

Ff>r the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, upon Account -

.4,500 ——

War Office, 4th April 1798

IV, Windham.

ESTIMATE

38 Geo. lit

240 Aprilis.

491

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Supplementary Militia, in the Year 1798.

- Numbers. Charge.

For the Pay and Allowances of the Commissioned Officers; Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, of One Half of the Supplementary Militia, from 20th February 1798 to the 24th December following, both inclusive . -For the Cloathing and Accoutrements of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the same - - - - -For the increased Rates of Subfillence to be paid to Innkeepers; Upon Account ' - - . - -' ' - - - -For the Pay and Allowances of the Commissioned Officers; Non-commissioned Officers; and Private Men of the other Half of the Supplementary Militia, for Eight Months, to the 24th December 1798, inclusive - - - i For the Cloathing and'Accoutrements of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the same - - - -. -For the increased Rates of Subfillence to be paid to Innkeepers; upon Account For Contingencies for the Whole, upon Account ----- - 32>33! / 27,669 £ d. ' 6 00,'oooo — — H3'458 — — 30.000 440,000 — '> — 97,250 20.000 15.000

Total i , . i - 60,000 ‘ »3T5'7?8

War Office; ft4th April 1798. W. Windham V

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Provisiortal Cavalry in Great Britain, in the Year 1798;

« Numbert. Charge.

.For the Pay and Allowances of the Commissioned Officers, Ndn-cotiimissioned Officers, and Private Men, of the Embodied Provisional Cavalry in Great Britain, for Two Months - - - - 15,00° £. . s. d. 130,000

War Office, 24th April 17981

W. Windh

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Volunteer Corps in Great , for the Year 1798.

For the Pay and Allowances of the Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, for the Year 1798, upon Account i - ~ ~- -

£.350,000 ——

War Office, 24th April 17981

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Expences incurred, or expected to be incurred; in the Barrack Mailer

General's Department, in the Year 1798.

For the Expences incurred, or expected to be incurred, in the Barrack Mailer General's Department, in the Year 1798 - - - *

£.520,717 ----- --.

War Office, 24th April 1798.

W. Windham.

Vol. 53.

ESTIMATE

492

J. 1798-

Report Supply.

Additional

teamen.

Sum For additional Seamen *

Extraordinaries of Army.

National

Debt.

lx>ynlifts.

240 Aprilis,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great for the Year 1798.

Charge of One Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

Ditto of Five Regiments of Infantry, for the same Period - - - , -

Ditto of One Troop of Hussars in the Island of for the same Period

Ditto of One Corps of Invalids in the Isle of , for the same Period -

Ditto of One Regiment of Dragoons, for Four Months, from 25th December

1797 ....

For Contingent Expences, Allowances, to reduced Officers, &c -

Total .-

War Office 24th April 1798,

W. Windham-.

Numbers. 1 Charge.

£ ' d- j

585. 28,273 14 5

3,56° 104,997 10 11

78 4,180 5 10

IOO 2,500 - ——

484 8,512 13 4

- 77,619 6 11

4,807 226,083 11 5

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Diflensions in and-fbf-making . Compensation

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights, in

consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from th Florida to the King of Spain.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Resolve, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, AfHcanFom. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, jesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di- be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, redted him to report to the House; which he read in maintaining, and l'upporting, the Briiijli Forts and his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol- ResolveThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, Turkey Com-loweth; viz. \ That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be pany *

Resolved, That it is the Opihion of this Committee, granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor That an additional Number of Ten Thousand Men be and Company of Merchants of England trading into the employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1798, in Ad- Levant Sea.s, to be applied in assisting the said Com-dition to the One Hundred and Ten Thousand Men pany in carrying on their Trade.

already voted. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, British Mu-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, scum-That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Pounds per Man per be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Truf-Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten Thou- tees of the British to carry on the Execution of

sand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament.

for Sea Service. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Print'mgjotir-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds, nals'

That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three hun- be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of dred and Fifty-one thousand Three hundred and printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of Ninety-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Ex- Commons, and of printing Bills, Reports, and o(her traordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid Papers, which have been or shall be printed by Order of by the Paymaster1 General of His Majesty's Forces, the said House, for the Year 1798.

from the 25th Day of December 1796 to the 24th Day Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mint, of December 1797, both inclusive, and not provided for That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Two by Parliament. hundred and Fifty Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, granted to His Majesty, for discharging the Balance due That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds be on Account of the Expences of His Majesty's Mint for granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the the Year 1797.

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be Rej'o/ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Prosecution . by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand and Twenty- to

for the lteduftion of the National Debt. four Pounds and Nine Pence, be granted to His Ma- a'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences incurred -That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Nine for Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and in the Year 1 796.

Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment Resolved, Hut it is the Opinion of this Committee, Superintend-of such Part of the Principal, and interest thereupon. That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hun-as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October dred-Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards de-1798, on all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act, fraying the Cinrge of the Superintendence of the Alien of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His prtlent Ma- Act, for the Year 1798.

jesty, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Somerset in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds,

8 be

fcfdney issued J>urfuant to Addrell'cs.

Foreign Secret Sendee.

French Refugees.

E etuhoh of Alien Act.

New South WAes.

Ventilating, See. House of 2.01 ds.

Fitting up Hemes lor Tl Speaker, &c.

Mr. Barlow.

3B Geo. HI

24

be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of Sums due to the several Artificers for Work done at Place, under the Direction of Sir William and for Repairs immediately necessary to be performed there.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand and Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, purl'uant to Ad-drelles of this House, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

ResolveciL, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight' thousand Two hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Secret Service abroad, in the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1798, over and above the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament for the said Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, net exceeding Twelve thousand Six hundred Seventy-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to' make good the like Sum, which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to John IVilmot, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Banks

Jenkinfcn, commonly called Lord Sir William Pepperrell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire,

Members of the Committee for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pound?, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Pollock, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Payment of Expences arilen from the Execution of the Provisions of the Alien Act, over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service, for the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand and Seventy-three Pounds One Shilling and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Esquire, at

the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to enable him to pay sundry Bills drawn from the Settlement of New South Wales, which became due in the Year 1797, being the Excels of the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ill tied to William , Esquire, at

the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to be by him paid to Samuel Rehe, and to MeflVs. Jackson and for Expences in

ventilating and warming the House of Lords, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding; Two thousand Five hun-died and Forty-two Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Thomas Groves, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His' Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for fitting up Two Iloules for the Speaker of the House of Commons, and the Serjeant at Arms, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is ike Opinion of this Committee,

»» VOL. 53.

493

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Henry Barlow, Esquire,' His Majesty's Deputy Cleric of the Crown in the Court of King s Bench, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, as a Compensation for his Attendance in the House of Peers during the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Hudfoiu' That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Forty-seven Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Robert Hudson, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, olit of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, as a Compensation for colicfling Papers necessary to form an Appendix to the Minutes of the Evidence taken on the Trial of Warren Hafings, Esquire, by Order of the House of Lords#. and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, RentofPrnr-That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Sixty lument°ilice' Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has , been issued to George Rose, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Two Years Rent of the Parliament Office, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Attendance Th t a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Twen-ty-two Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Attendance on various Committees of the IJoufes of Lords and Commons, in the Session 1795-6, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Returns of That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Seventy- lriceot two Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to the Assignees of Mr. Richard Bridgeman, late Clerk to the Grocers Company, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of , His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for his Allowance for making up, and publishing in The London Gazette, Weekly Returns

of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, pursuant to an Act passed in the Thirty-lccond Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for One Year, to the 18th Day of June 1796, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill to empower certain Courts to order the Ex- Bill for Pay-pences, attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock, was, according to Or- calls ot Pro-der, read a Second Time. \n1lons ,or

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. or

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed. tee of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®:g upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or " resident therein, in certain Cafes," be now read.

6. k And

Bill, reported.

Xing's Mcf £ige relative to a Loan to Ireland.

Committee on Swi Property Bill.

494

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair *

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re port, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered., That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report.be taken into further Considera, tion upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty recommends it to the House of Commons, to consider of enabling His Majesty to make Remittances, from Time to Time, to be applied to His Service in Ireland, in such Manner as shall be approved by the Parliament of that Kingdom, to an Amount not exceeding Two Millions, on Provision being made, by the Parliament of Ireland, for defraying the interest and Charges of a Loan to that Amount. q

Ordered, That His Majesty's laid most Gracious Mef-sage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Efiefts for the Purchase, or on. the Credit, of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid

or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and all'o to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government; and for preventing the Transfer of Stock, by virtue of any Power of Attorney, from Persons residing in,

The llnited Provinces, or Switzerland, or any of the Territories belonging to, or dependent on, either of them, without Licence from one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in tha Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing Money or Effects, " in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, " or dii'pofeable by, Persons refulent in France, being, f' applied to the life of the Persons exercising the " Powers of Government in; and for preserving 7

24" Aprilis.

A. 1798.

" the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- InstructSait mittee, That they have Power to extend the Prp-visions of the said Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to The United Provinces, and to Switzerland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and state the total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof, be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, be read the Third Time upon F Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better dividing the Militia into Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia and Supplementary Militia.

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee 6 Finance Reports of last Session, defer red.

Servants, C r-« riages, &c. Duties Bill, deferred.

Houses, itc Duties Bill, deferred.

Militia Regvf lation Bill, deferred.

Northern

Lighthouse Bill, deferred *

Militia Pay Bill, deferred *

Bill to regu *

late certain Offices in the Customs, de ferred.

Mercnrn,

38 Geo. III.

250 Apr ills.

Petitions of Owners of Vessels at Stourport, 'Gloucester, and Worcester, to be included in Ship Owners Bill.

Mercuriiy 2 50 die;

Anno 38 Georgii III'" Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Owners and Matters of Trows and Vessels residing at or near , in the

495

A Petition of the Boroughreeves, Constables, principal Merchants, Manufacturers, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Manchester and in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of caster, in Common Hall assembled, the 31 ft Day of January 1798, under the Common Seal of the said Borough: And also,

A Petition of the Grand Jury, assembled and sworn at the General Court of Quarter Session of the Peace

Port of Gloucester, and navigating in the Tideway of the held by Adjournment at Wigan, in and for the County River Severn to and from the Port of Bristol: And also, Palatine of , next after the Feast of

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Trows and in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Vessels residing at or near the Port of Gloucester, and Majesty: And also, navigating in the Tideway of the River Severn to and a Petition of the principal Merchants, Manufac-' from the Ports of Gloucester, Bristol, Chepstow,&c.: And . turers. Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of

Bod tington's t>ivorcc Bill, read.

Petitions in Favour of the Application for JLuncaster Sc (lions Bill.

also,

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Trows and Vessels at or near the City of Worcester, and navigating in the Tideway of the River Severn, to and from the Ports of Gloucester, Bristol, Chepstow, &c.;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is now pending for the Relief of Owners and Matters of Ships and Vessels navigating upon the High Seas only, from the Responsibility they, as Common Carriers, are now supposed to be liable to: And being informed that the said Bill will relieve the Owners tpid Matters of Ships and Vessels in the Tideway of Rivers and in Ports, and all other Places, as well as upon the High Seas, the Petitioners therefore pray, That the same Relief may be extended to the Owners and Matters of Ships, and all other Vessels, navigating in the Tideway of.

Rivers, and also in those Ports and Places where Ships from Sea will be protected by the intended Bill, whether the Vessels might have been upon the High Seas or not; and as the Petitioners and their Families are supported by keeping Vessels to navigate on the River Severn to and from the Ports above-mentioned, in which Trade they understand they do not go to open Sea, and as heretofore no Law, Usage, or Custom, to their Knowledge or Belief, has made any Distinction between Vessels trading on the open Sea and in the Tideway of Navigable Rivers, they hope their same will be considered, and Relief granted them, by being included in the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Matters of Ships is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Boddington, Esquire,

with Grace AJiburner, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time; A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and

Shippers, of Goods, and others interested in the Ex-A Petition of the Grand Jury, assembled and sworn ports and Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of at the General Court of Quarter Session of the Peace WarringtonAnd also,

held by Adjournment at Pr'tm, in and for the County A petjtion of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Pa atme of i,a»rn/;r, next after the Feast of EMhamsh; of Good a„d 0theI5 intcre(led in the Exports in the Thtrty-e.ghth Year of the Kcign of His present ,n(ffmlwim „f,h/T««n and Neighbourhood of Wi. Majesty: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,.

and Inhabitants, of the Town of Warrington, in the

Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Merchants, Manufacturers, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Grand Jury, assembled and sworn at the General Court of Quarter Session of the Peace held by Adjournment at the New Bayley Court House within Salford, in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, next after the Feast of Epiphany, in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Merchants, Manufacturers, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, contributing to the County Rate for the said County i

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are apprized, by the Votes, that there is a Petition from the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also from the High Sheriff and the Grand Jury assembled at the last Assizes holden at the Cattle of Lancaster, in the County aforesaid, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill to authorize the said Justices of the Peace to hold an Annual General and Special Session of the Peace at a convenient central Place in the said County, with such Powers as Parliament shall think necessary, enabling such Courts of Session to appoint certain Officers, and to transact all Matters of Business concerning the said County Palatine, to which the Rates of the said County are subject and liable to be applied: And praying, That the same may pal's

into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petitions from

Warrington,

Stockport,

Rochdale, and

Bolton igaind

Ship Owners

Bill.

County Palatine of Lancaster, and its Vicinity, contributing to the County Rate for the said County: And also, A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Prefion, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in Council assembled: And. also,

Vol. 53.

and Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stockport: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Shippers, of Goods, and others interested in the Exports and Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of Rochdale: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Shippers, of Goods, and others interested in the Fee-

ports

425 JlpriliSi179& *

ports and Imports of the Town abd Neighbourhood of ' Bolton -,

Were federally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships; and Setting forth. That the same would, if passed into a Law, greatly reduce the Responsibility of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, at the Rilk? and highly to the Prejudice, of the Shippers of Goods on Freight, and thereby deprive such Shippers of that Security which is so essential to the Protection of Trade, and which manifellly vefults from proper Care being necessarily taken of their Goods, and from the efficient Equipment of freighted Ships, and the due Navigation thereof-, and that by the Law, as it now . Rands, the Shippers of Goods can protect themselves, by Insurance, against all Rilks which their Goods are exposed to in a Sea Voyage, and for which the Owners of Ships are not respon-fible, whereas, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, they would be exposed to Rilks against which they cannot insure, in consequence of the present Responsibility of the Shipowners being removed, or greatly reduced; and such Increase of llilk would tend to deter Manufacturers, and other Persons who have been accustomed to export Goods on their own Account, from em gaging in these Adventures, and thereby greatly injure the Export Trade of this Kingdom; and that the said Bill purports to exonerate Owners of Ships from Responsibilities to which they are now liable, upon Contrails already entered into, and thereby to operate as an pofl fadlo Law,

which the Petitioners submit would be highly tinjuft: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the same may be lb altered or modified as the House shall think just; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InllruClion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Petitioner A Petition of Vice Admiral Sir Charles,

Thompson Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Taking as;.iin!t I'-din- Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and ren-burgii Roads dering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh-, and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North Esk, and the Water of Leith, in the said County; and Setting forth, That the Property of the Petitioner will be very much injured if the said Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That he m!ty be heard, by his Counsel, or Agent, against such Parts of the Bill as may be injurious to his Property, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if tie thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inflruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Lancaster Set. the Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole Names are thereunto lub-feribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the ' '

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: YVhere the Report was read; and is as folloiveth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Taylor, Esquire, Deputy Clerk of the 'Peace for the County of Lancaster, being examined, said. That he has, fine t January 1772, officiated as Deputy Clerk of

the Peace for the said County; that in the County there are Six Hundreds, Lonsdale,

Blackburn, West Derby, Lay land, and Salford-, that the

Four Quarterly Sessions held Annually, open at Lancaster for the Hundred of Lonsdale, that they adjourn from thence to Preston, to transact the Business for Amounderness and Blackburn Hundreds, and from thence to Ormskirk, for the Two Summer Quarters, and to

Wigan for the Two Winter Quarters, for the Hundreds of West Derby and Lay land, and from those Places to Manchester, for tranlacling the Bulinei's of Salford; and frequent Adjournments have been made from Manchester to different Parts of the County, for transaCling special Business; that Lancaster Sessions occupy One Day; Preston Sessions Two Days; and Wigan

Two Day$: That the Justices have exercised a concurrent Jurisdiction for the whole County; that the whole Magistrates of the County (except Lonsdale Hundred) have, for many Years pall, found their Time Occupied at the Quarterly Sessions fd very much, and the general Business of the County respecting the Rates so much increased, that they thought, as Guardians and Trullees of the Public Purse, it was impossible that they could discharge their Duty during the Times of their holding the Quarterly Sessions, and they have individually and collectively deemed the Business of the County of so much Importance, and of 1b much Magnitude, as to require a Special Meet- ing for the Purpose, and they have thought that Preston (being the moll central Place in the County) was the bell calculated for that Purpose; that the Rates of the County have in his Knowledge increased from £. 1,000 per Annum to £. 12,000 per Annum, and for the Three lall Years a Sum of 12,000 for each Year has been-raised to serve the Exigencies of the County, and in the laffc Year it exceeded that Sum; that the Items in which the Money is usually expended, are as follow: Conveying of Vagrants;

Coroners Bills; Prosecution of Felons; conveying Baggage for His Majesty's Use; in the Amendments of Gaols, and building of Houses of Correction; conducting Offenders to Gaol; in the Business of the Navy; in the Business of the Militia; and in County (not Hundred) Bridges; that these are the principal Articles, but there are other Purposes in which the County Money is expended; that the Expences of all these Articles have for several Years been gradually increasing, and are likely to increase; that the Improvements of the Gaol of Lancaster have already coll the County upwards of £.26,000, and are likely -to coll a considerable Sum more; that those Accounts are Hill unl ttled; that the new Bridge at Lancaster Coll the County upwards of £.1; that the Business of the Vagrants some Years ago amounted to

D , U t,

only 3 or £.400 a Year, but in a short Time it m-crealed to £. 1,800 a Year; that by the Exertion of the Magistrates of the County, they were feme Years ago reduced from . 1,800 a Year to the former Sum; that they are now got to ppwards of £. 1,300 a Year;

V

38 Geo. III. 250 Jpri 497

that the Petitioners are one and all of Opinion, that a large Reduction will be made from ill 1 or most of the above Items, if a Conference can be Annually had among the Magistrates of the County at large, and a Session held for that Purpose; and they are of Opinion, that without such a Measure they cannot be effectual; and it is impossible for any select Number of Magistrates in the County, without so communing together with the Body at large, to form a true Idea of the several Items contained in such Accounts.

The Witness delivered in to the Committee a Copy of the Records, to corroborate his Evidence, which is annexed in the Appendix, N° x.

And the Witness further said, That the Adjournment Session is adjourned from Manchester to; that

there are acting Magistrates in Hundred, .

Seven on the North Side of the Sands, and Five on the South Side, and Fifty-five acting Magistrates in the rest of the County; that the Magistrates having appointed at such adjourned Session, a Treasurer to serve the County, and the Quarterly Session at Lan-casler having afterwards dismissed him, without the Concurrence of the other Magistrates of the County, was, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, one Instance of its being infringed upon; that another Instance was, that it was in pursuance of a Recommendation at the March Affixes in 1784, by the Sheriff and Grand Jury, that a Committee should be appointed for the Purpose of conducting the Improvements of Lancaster Castle, to consist of Three Justices out of each Hundred in the County; that the same were accordingly appointed at a General Annual Sessions at Preston in July 1787, and that the Quarterly Sessions at Lancaster held in January 1794, nominated all the Twelve Magistrates in Lotifdale Hundred to be added to that Committee, without the Concurrence of the rest of the Magistrates of the County.

The Witness delivered in to the Committee a Copy of the Appointment, which is annexed in the Appendix, N° 2.

And being further examined, lie said. That this General Annual Session, is a Measure that meets the general Approbation of the County (except as aforesaid); and as a Proof of that, he delivered in to the Committee Two Resolutions signed by the Grand Jury in the Years 1795 and 1797, which are annexed in the Appendix, N01 3 and 4.

And the Witness being asked. Whether he did not, in the Course of the last Year, bring forward a Bill for the same Purpose ? he said. He did. Being asked. Whether the House of Commons rejected the bringing in of that Bill ? he said, What he understood of the Matter was, that the Bill was received, and read a Second Time, and committed; that in the Committee, that fat upon that Occasion, the Petitioners against the Bill were called upon to be heard by their Counsel, but none were produced to support it. That the Counsel , in support of the Petition for the Bill, claimed to be heard, upon which a Motion was instantly made and carried. That the Proceedings should be postponed for Six Months. That it was afterwards moved in the House for the Committee to be revived, which was negatived. Being asked, Whether there was any, and what Difference, between the Bill now proposed, and that which was thrown out last Sessions ? he said. The Objcdts of the Bill are to be the fame. Being asked. Whether he knew the Distance from the furthermost Part of Lotifdale Hundred, to Lancaster,. over the Sands ? he said. He did not. That the Jurors attending caster General Quarter Sessions, frequently come there in a Morning, and return the same Evening. Being asked. When he mentioned, that the Jurors frequently come and go the same Day, Whether he was aware, that there is a considerable Distance of the Road, Sand, which can be passed only at certain Times, owing to the VOL. 53.

Reflux of the Sea ? he laid, He was perfectly aware; that the Time of their returning must depend upon the Flux and Reflux of the Tide, and as the Tides serve, tl\e Courts at Lancaster have uniformly consulted the Convenience of such Juryffien, that they might return in the same Time. Being asked, What was the greatest Distance any Juryman had to go ? he said, From Manchester, Fifty-five Miles. Being asked, Whether there are any Jurors or Suitors attend the General Annual Session ? he said, There are no Jurors required to attend;

If the Question means, that if any Persons over the Sands, or any other Persons in the County, have any Business relating to the County at large, and by which the Rates of the County are afiedted, such Persons will either attend, or rely upon such Justices who may attend, to do their Business. Being asked, Whether he meant to include in his Statement of the 'Increase of the Rates from £.1,000 to £.12,that the £.26,000 for the building of the Castle, and the £.16,000 for building the Bridge, are already paid, and principally account for the Increase of such Rates ? he said, The £.16,000 for the Bridge, constituteS no Part of the £. 12,000; that the £.26,000 constitutes a Part. Being asked. Whether he was not aware, that the Quota of the County Rates, which the Hundred of Lotifdale pays, although Twelve Justices are found sufficient for the Business of the Hundred, was as great, if not greater, than the Quota paid by the great and populous Town of Manchester, and the Hundred of Salford, in which the Town of Manchester Hands ? he said, The Hundred of Lonsdale pays, when £.1,000 is raised, £.160; the Hundred of Salford£.140; I Hundred £.2 40;

Layland Hundred £.90; AmoundHundred £.190; and Blackburn Hundred £.180. Being asked. Whether he was, or was not aware, that a Letter was written to the Duchy Office by those Justices who displaced Mr. Myers ? he said. He never heard of such a Letter. Being asked. Whether such Annual Sessions, as are prayed for in the Petition, for the Transaction of all such Matters wherein the Rates of the County are affected, will not take away from the Magistrates assembled at the.General Quarter Sessions, as by Law established, every Power that adds Dignity, or indicates Confidence ? he said, He conceived it took away no more from the Justices acting for Lancaster, than it docs from the Justices acting for the whole County, as it only fixes that Confidence, and that Business which is appointed to the Magistrates at large, which is now trans-adtedbyafew. Being asked, Whether any Attempts, and by whom, were ever made, or called in question, the Legality of such Adjourned Sessions, or what Doubts upon the Subject have ever been entertained, and by whom ? he said. He conceived he had already stated Two Instances, and should wish to decline repeating any Declarations that have been made by the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions at Lancaster as to such Legality; the Petitioners are advised they cannot be established without the Aid of Parliament. Being asked. Whether the Justices of the Hundred of Lonsdale, ever interfered with the building of the House of Correction at Prefon, or with the Bridge over the River Kibble, and what did they both cost? he said, In both Instances the Magistrates of the County at large had Notice, and were requested to attend at Preston, to take those Matters into Consideration, and he did not believe any of the Lotifdale Gentlemen attended; that the Bridge at Kibble cost about £.4,000, and the House of Correction about £.16,000. Being asked. Whether, though the Amount of the Rates being increased, the Proportions of which they are paid, do not remain the lame, and what was the Rule of Payment ? he said, They are the fame. Being asked. Whether he knew what are the Proportions paid by the different Townships in the County ? he said. Yes; all of them. Being asked, Whether large Sums of Money are not paid Annually for the Maintenance of Felons

6 L and

498 25° -dprilis.

A. 1798.

and poor Debtors in Lane after Castle, and under the Mead of the Expences of Lam after Castle, such Sums are not included ? he said. They constitute Part of the £. 12,000. Being asked, Wlr.t was the Amount of conveying Vagrants within LonJJale Hundred, about Six Years ago ? he said, He could not tell, but believed it had decreated considerably. Being asked, Whether jt was not near .1,200 ? he said. He could not polfibly speak to any Sum whatever. Being asked. When Mr. tlcthwaste was appointed Treasurer for the County, whether the County was not for some Time without a Treasurer, by the Death of Mr. Butterfield ? he said. He believed a very few Days indeed. Being asked, When Mr. Myers was dismissed the Treasurership of the County, and Mr. Johnstonthe present Treasurer, appointed in his room, whether Doubts were not entertained of the Sufficiency of Mr. Myers and his Sureties, and whether any Complaints had not been made against him, and whether there was not a Probability of a very large and further Sum of Money, coming into the Hands of Mr. Myers for the Purpol'e of manning the Navy, and has Mr. Myers paid wh.'.t was due from him to the County ? he said, He never heard any thing about the Insolvency of Mr. Myers or his Sureties; he thought them Solvent at the Time, and thinks them Solvent now, and he never heard it called in question, but by the Chairman of the General Quarter Sessions at Lancaster, and he thought himself bound to mention that Chairman's Name (Mr. Cawthorne) who Hated upon that Occasion, such Topics as the Honourable Member has related, and added all'o, a Complaint that had been made to him by an Honourable Member of the Committee, as to the Misconduct of Mr. Myers, which, upon Enquiry, turned out to be entirely groundless and without Foundation; that the Witness under-Hands Mr. Myers has paid the Balance. Being asked, Whether the Quarter Sessions are described as being held for the County at large; or for the Hundred of Lonfdalein particular ? he said, Tlje Sessions are opened and held at Livie after for the County at large; that the several Adjournments are held in like Manner, within the Subdivisions, for Convenience, but at the same Time for the County at large. Being- asked, Whether he knew any thing of a Minute that was entered in the Session Book, at the Adjourned Sessions from ter to Lane after, on the 8th of April 1795 ? The Witness referred to the said Book, and read the following Order:

" Preston Annual Adjourned Session,

" 8th April 1795, 35 Geo. III. 1795.

" 4 Justices present.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Peace communicate " to the Magistrates assembled at the next April Sessions,

" and the different Adjournments thereof, that the Ma-"'gistrates met here at this Sessions, requeH their Attendance at the General Adjourned Sessions for County " Bullness: That the Gentlemen afi'embled here cannot " take upon themselves the Responsibility of such " Meetings in future, unless supported by the reH of " the Magistrates, and that they signify their Sentimeats respecting this.

" Dep. &c."

And the Witness being asked, Whether it did not appear from Records, and other authentic Documents, That a Meeting convened by the Sheriff, conliffing of the principal Gentlemen of the County, and the Sheriff's Board, usually met at the Time of the Assizes, for the Parties considering such Measures as were likely to promote the general Good of the County ? he said. He thought not.

APPENDIX.

Arp end ix, N 1.

Lane after Sessions, 9 th Janua 1787. 7 Justices.

The late Treasurer for the said County having signified his Intention to resign his Office, his Death having since happened, and George , of Lancaster.

Gentleman, having been proposed by Miles North, Esquire; and Thomas Myers, of Preston, Gentleman, and Iftaae Razvlinfton, of Lane after. Woollen Draper, having

presented and offered themselves to serve the County in the said Office; This Court (efieeming a Residence at Lancaster effectially necessary to the due Execution of the said Office) doth give the Preference to Mr. Poftlethwaite; conceiving that, however respectable the other Candidates may be, Mr. Poftlethwaite is the Person mofi eligible to the said Office, and therefore, and in pursuance of the Statute in such same made and provided; It is ordered by this Court, that the said George Poftlethwaite shall be, and he is accordingly nominated Treasurer for the said County, until he shall be legally discharged therefrom, he giving Three thousand Pounds Surety for the due Execution of his said Office, in the Manner prescribed and directed by the said Statute: 'And this Court hope to have the Concurrence of the Magistrates within the said County, in ratifying this Appointment.

Taylor, Dep.

Preston Sessions, 8th February 1787. 14 Justices.

Upon reading the several Orders made at this Session, and particularly the Order made at Lancaster, appointing George Poftlethwaite, Gentleman, to l'ucceed to the Office ot Treasurer for the said County, now vacant by the Death of tire late Treasurer, and all'o die Rolls signed at the said Sessions, for railing One thousand Pounds upon the County, made payable to the said George Poftlethwaite, as Treasurer, and this Bench being nowafl'em-bled in consequence of Notice given to Magistrates of the County, signifying that this Session would be holden at this Time and Place, for the Purpol'e (amongst other Things) of taking this Business into Consideration:

It is ordered, declared, and adjudged by this Court, That the said Proceedings at Lancaster, in this Matter, are irregular, for Want of having been previously communicated to, and laid before the Magistrates of the County at large, as has heretofore been the Custom in all Businesses relating to the whole County; and therefore this Court doth refeind, annihilate, and make void, the said Order, appointing Mr. Poftlethwaite Treasurer as aforesaid, and also the said Rolls lb ligned as aforesaid, and doth direct that the same shall not be ifl'ued, nor the said One thousand Pounds be raised, collected, levied, or paid, as therein mentioned; and the said. George PojUethwaiteis accordingly, by this Court, re-

moved and discharged from the said Office and Trufi of Treasurer.

Taylor, Dep.

This Court, in pursuance of the Statute in such same made and provided, doth nominate and appoint Thomas Myers, of the Town of Preston, in the said County, Gentleman, Treasurer of the said County, in the place and stead of William Butterfield, Esquire, the late Treasurer, deceased; and doth order that tire said Thomas Myers shall execute the said Office and Trufi lawfully and faithfully, and shall be accountable to, and render his Accounts to the General Quarter Session to be holden by Adjournment for this (among other Purposes) next after Easter Yearly, and shall also immediately give Se-

curity to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, in a good Bond, with Two substantial Sureties, in the Pe-

3-8 Geo. III. 25° Aprilis. 499

nalty of Five thousand Pounds, for the legal and faithful Execution of his Office, and for the true Performance of the Trust in him reposed; and it is ordered that he shall be allowed for his Salary after the Rate of Twenty Pounds by the Year;

Taylor, Dep.

It is ordered by this Court, That the Executors or AdministratOrs of William Butterfield, Esquire, late Treasurer of the said County, shall immediately pay the Balance remaining in the Hands of the said late Treasurer, at the Time of his Death, unto Thomas Gentleman, Treasurer of the said County, in Trust, to disburse the same to the Use of the County, for doing which, this shall be a Warrant and Authority to the said Executors or Administrators.

Taylor, Dep.

The Reverend William Cold ton. Clerk, having in open Court produced and surrendered up the Accounts and Vouchers of tire late William Butterfield, Esquire, Treasurer of the said County, and paid the several Balances in his Hands; viz. on his general Account the Sum of Two hundred and Nineteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, and on the Lancaster Bridge Account the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence, into the Hands of Thomas Myers, Gentleman, Treasurer of the said County,

in Trust for the Use of the said County, and the Rectitude of the said Accounts having been verified upon Oath by William Fftier, Gentleman; This Court, in pursuance of the Statute in such same made, doth discharge the legal Representatives of the said William Butterfield from the said Trust of the said Office, and from the Money so paid as aforesaid; and doth order, that the Bond, given by the said William Butterfield for the faithful discharging of his Duty, shall be surrendered and given up.

Taylor, Dep. &c.

It is the unanimous Sentiments of this Court, That a General Court of Quarter Sessions shall, in future, be holden in and for the County of Lancaster, and that an Adjournment of the Rafter Session shall Yearly be made to Preston(a central Fiace in the said County) there to be holden on the Full Wednesday in July, at Eleven o'Clock in the Morning, for the special Purpose of transacting all Business relating to the County at large.

Taylor, Dep. &c.

Preston Sessions, 26th April 1792. 11 Justices.

Resolved, That, after due Consideration of the Circumstances of the County, This Court fully approves of the Conduct of the Magistrates, at the last Rafter Sessions at Preston, in issuing out a Roll for-raising One thousand Pounds for the defraying the necessary Expenditures of the County: And that this Annual Session:, being an Adjournment of the Rafter Sessions from Mancliefter, at which all the Magistrates for the County are,- by public Advertisement, particularly desired to attend, is moll competent to transact all the general Business of the County, which requires Publicity and general Communication, such as the Audit of the Treasurei's Accounts, the Calculation of future Expences, the ordering of the Annual Rolls, the Election of Public Officers, the Improvement to the Public Works, See.

Taylor, Dep. Sec.

Preston Sessions, 23d April 1794. 5 Justices.

Resolved, That it is the unanimous Opinion of this Court, That an Adjournment of the Quarter. Sessions for the Tran faction of County Business, to be held as heretofore, before Rfiler Sessions, at is highly

Vol. 53.

necessary and proper, and conducive to the Interests of the County at large, and that this Court requests the Attendance of the rest of the Magistrates of the said County.

Taylor, Dep.

Lancaster Sessions, 29th April 1794. 5 Justices.

Upon hearing the Orders and Resolutions of the Adjourned Sessions, held at Preston, on tire Twenty-third Day of April instant, read by the Clerk of the Peace, This Court, apprehensive of the dangerous Tendency of Innovation under the specious Pretext of Reform, cannot avoid repeating its Dislent to the Propriety of reluming the recently adopted, and afterwards discontinued Annual Adjournments of the Quarter Sessions recommended therein; it being the Opinion of this Court, that the same would be injurious even if not illegal; and that all Measures necessary for the general Good of the County ought as heretofore to originate in the Sessions first holden, pursuant to Royal Patent and judicial Confirmation, at Lancaster, and to be from thence circulated through the other Parts of the County, by Reference to the usual Adjourned Courts, holden within the other Hundreds; and that if a General Annual or Quarterly Meeting of the Magistrates resident within the different Hundreds of the County should seem expedient, the same may be best . effected by their appearing at the Opening Sessions at Lancaster, to which this Court does accordingly invite them; this Court at the same Time doth certify its Opinion, that lpccial Adjournments of the Quarter Sessions may with Propriety take place pursuant to ancient Practice, when and as often as the Necessity for them shall occur, of which the Purport ought to be explicitly stated and published in the London or Provincial Newspapers.

Taylor, Dep. See.

Preston Sessions, tft May 1794. 3 Justices.

The Order made at Lancaster, respecting the Annual Adjournment of the Quarter Sessions, being read by the Clerk of the Peace, This Court declines making any Order in consequence thereof.

Taylor, Dep. See.

Ormskirk Sessions, 5th 1794. 5 Justices.

The Orders made at Lancaster and Preston, respetfting the Annual Adjournment of the Quarter Sessions, being read by the Clerk of the Peace, the same was taken into Consideration, and this Court is unanimously of Opinion, That an Annual Meeting of the County Magistrates hath been, and will continue to be, of very essential Benefit to the County at large, and that Preston is the most central and convenient Place in the County for such Annual Meeting, and that this Court doth approve of all the Oiders made at the last General Meeting, held by Adjournment from Manclufter, at Preston, on the Twenty-third Day of April last.

Taylor, Dep. &c.

Manchester Sessions, 7th 1794. 5 Justices.

The Orders made at Lancaster, Preston, and Ormskirk, vefpefling the Annual Adjournment of the Sessions, being read by the Clerk of the Peace, This Court fully agrees with the Resolution of the Bench at Ormskirk.

Taylor, Dep.

Preston Sessions, 20th A 1794. 9 Justices.

A Letter having been presented and read, signed, " J. F. Cawthorne, Tho' Bateman, R. Fletcher, and

" John Bradftunv," addivflld to the Chairman of the Adjourned Sessions at Preston-, It is ordered, that the Deputy Clerk of the Peace lend to each of the ahovj-

numed

500 250 Aprili 1798.

named Gentlemen a Chpy of the Orders made this Day.

Dep. &c.

Lancaster Sessions, 14th April 1795. 6 Justices.

This Court doth order that Thomas Gentle-

man, Treasurer of the County Stock, be, and he is hereby accordingly removed from his Office of Treasurer of the said County.

Dep. &c.

It is ordered by the Court, That Richard of.

Lancaster, in the said County, Gentleman, be, and he is hereby nominated and appointed the Treasurer of the County Stock, in the room and (lead of Thomas Myers, Gentleman, the said Richard Johnson having first given fu icient Security in such Sum as was ap-

?roved of by the Magistrates assembled, or the greater art of them, to be accountable for the several and respective Sums of Money which shall be respectively paid to him in pursuance of the Statute, and also to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be ordered to bef paid by the Justices in their General or Quarter Sessions, and for the due and faithful Execution of the Trulls reposed in him.

Dep'. &c.

Wigan Sessions, 18th May 1795. 22justices.

Th is Court having read and taken into Consideration the Proceedings of the General Court of Quarter Sessions held at Lancaster, in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in April lad, respecting the Difmilfal of Mr. ers from his Office of Treasurer of the said County, and the Appointment of Mr. Johnson, as his Successor, is unanimously of Opinion, and adjudge, order, and resolve, as follows; to wit;

That upon having Recourse to the Records of the Court of Quarter Sessions, kept at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace in and for the said County, it will appear, that in ancient Times, and down to a very late Period, the Magistrates of the County have been accustomed to aflemtye at the General Session of Assize held at Lancaster, at a Meeting convened by the Sheriff, called the Sheriff's Board, for the special Purpose of communing together, and transafling all Business relating to the County at large, and particularly that of nominating Public Officers, and where, with the Advice and Assistance of the Gentlemen of the Grand Jqry, and others of the County, they have almost invariably been nominated, so long as such Meetings continued to be held;

That from the Increase of the Business of the Assizes, and of the Affairs of the County, it some Years ago became difficult, during the Hurry of an Assizes, to apportion sufficient Time to the above Purposes, and the Sheriff's Board was very ill attended, and at last so totally neglected, that it has for some Years been discontinued:

That in consequence of the several Acts of Parliament made, requiring the Amendments of the Gaols, Houses of Correction, and Penitentiary Houses, with the heavy Burthen of several large County Bridges, and other incidental Circumstances, the Rates of the County advanced so considerably, and the Business concerning the same became so great and important, it was found impossible to inveliigate the same during the Time of transacting the Business of the General Quarter Sessions, and expedient and necessary for the Magistrates of the County to alienable together, at some convenient Time of the Year, in a central Part of the County, for the special Purpose of hearing, investigating, arranging, and settling, all Accounts, Matters, and Things, concerning the County at large, and to give Efficacy to such Proceedings, that the General Court of Quarter Sef-4

lions should be adjourned for the Purpose; and it was accordingly, at a very large general public Meeting of the Magistrates, moved and agreed, that the Epiphany Sessions should Annually be adjourned to V rest on, a central Place in the County, and-Notice given in the public Provincial Papers of the Time and Place of holding the said Adjourned Sessions for those Purposes, that all the Magistrates of the County and Persons interested might assemble, and the same have been held accordingly:

That the said Adjourned General Court of Quarter Sessions, so Annually holden at Preston aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, with a very few Exceptions, hath met with the unanimous Approbation of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, and Inhabitants of the County, and by their communing together, the County hath derived many Advantages which they mull otherwise have been deprived of:

That the Treasurer of the County being resident in a central Part of the County is a great Convenience to Persons who have Occasion to apply to his Office, and the Business of the County is transacted with much greater Facility than it otherwise would be:

That the Concerns of the Inhabitants dependant on the County Rates are become considerable, and of the utmost Importance to their Estates and interests, and the Office of Treasurer moll responsible:

That it is acknowledged that the ordinary Business of the General Court of Quarter Sessions, held in and for the County at large, at the Four usual Feasts and Times of the Year, at the several Places following; (that is to say) at Lancaster, Preston, in the Summer in the

Winter Wigan, and at Mancheftfor the Purposes of accommodating the several Hundreds or Divisions, is attended with great Convenience, and Justice is by this Means distributed with more Facility and better than it could be by any other Mode; and whatever may be the Authority of any of the Courts of Adjournments to interfere with the Judgment of the Court at,

or one Adjournment with that of another, it would be highly improper, big with much Mischief, and in such Cases has not been done; but in respeifl of the Business of nominating Public Officers, of auditing the Treasurer's Accounts, and of transatling all other Matters concerning the Inhabitants of the County at large, it is infilled upon, the same is better done at a General Annual Assembly of the Magistrates, holden at a central Place, for the special Purposes, where they commune together for the general Good of the Whole, than it can be at any other Time:

That the Appointment of a Treasurer in an opulent County like the County of Lancaster, is of such general Concern to its Inhabitants, that it ought always to have the Approbation of the Magistrates of the whole County:

That it is the unanimous Opinion of the Magistrates, That the Appointment of Mr. Johnson at the lall Quarter Sessions at Lancaster, under all the Circumstances of the Cafe, without any previous Examination of the late Treasurer, Mr. Myers, or Communication with the rest of the Magistrates of the County, was highly improper, and its Legality also questionable, and not pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; nevertheless, that the Magistrates present think it most prudent and conciliatory to defer the rei'einding the Appointment of Mr. Johnson to the Office of Treasurer, until the Sentiments of Lord Hand Lord Kenyon. on this Subject shall be known:

That it is the Opinion of this Court, founded in Experience, that the Annual General Court of Quarter Session has been of great Public Utility within the County, that it every Day becomes more necessary, and has in its Consequences such beneficial Advantages

to

\ .

38 GEO. III. 25 Aprilis,501

to the Inh&bit&hts of the County, that it ought to be Continued, and if the Laws for this Purpose are inadequate to effect the desirable Purposes of it, that Application ought to be made to Parliament for proper Relief:

That they have to lament, that the Anntial General Quarter Setfion herein mentioned does not meet with the Approbation of all the Magistrates of the County, but is opposed by some of the Magistrates in the Hundred of Lonsdale only: And it is believed from none of the others throughout the County.

It is ordered by the Court, That a same be stated by the Deputy Clerk of the Peace, of the Proceedings had respecting the Dismissal of Mr. the Treasurer of the County, and the Appointment of Mr.

Johnson, and that he lay the same before the Attorney General of the County; and for so doing this shall be the said Deputy Clerk of the Peace's Authority.

Taylor, Dep. &c.

Preston Sessions, o.zd February 1797. 10 Justices.

This Court having recognized the several Proceedings heretofore had concerning the holding an Annual General Session of the Peace in and for the said County, for the Purpose of transacting all Matters of Business relating to the Concerns of the County at large, declare, That in the Judgment of this Court, the same has been productive of many Advantages to this County, but as they are likely to be disturbed, it is become necessary to have the same sanctioned by Parliament, and if an Act is obtained for these Purposes, it will be attended with Public Utility.

Taylor, Dep. &c.

Appendix, N° 2.

Lattcaster Sessions, 13th January, 24th . 1784.

It appears to this Court, That the Business respecting. Page 3. the State of the Gaols, Houses of Correction, and Prisons, within the County Palatine of Lancaster, is of such Magnitude and Importance to the Inhabitants of the: said'County, that no Measures should be takeh regarding the fame, without the fullest Investigation and Enquiry into the State and Condition thereof, and until the Senl'e of the County has been taken; therefore, being satisfied that, however great the Necessity of a speedy Remedy may be with Regard to the Houses of Correction, it is evident no Steps should be taken without the general Approbation (as none can be effectual without the actual Concurrence) of the Persons of principal landed Property in the same County, and therefore it is the unanimous Opinion and Wilh of this Court, that the same Steps which were taken in consequence of the Fourth Resolution of the Grand Jury, at the last Gloucester Assizes, should be takeil in this County; to wit; That the High Sheriff of the said County of Lancaster shall be requested to call a Meeting of the Nobility, Gentry, and Clergy, of the same County, to take the above Business into Consideration, and to adopt the most effectual Means for putting the said Gaols, Houses of Correction, and Prisons, into proper State and Condition: And this Court is of Opinion, that such Meeting will be belt attended if it is appointed to be had at an Assizes at Lancaster.

Taylor, Dep. &c.

It is therefore ordered. That Application shall be made to the Right honourable the Lord Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, and they be requested to prepare and bring a Bill into Parliament, for the Purpose of authorizing the Justices of the Peace of the County to hold an Annual General Court of Session of the Peace in and for the said County, at such Time, and at some convenient central Place, for the Purpose of appointing all Officers in the County in the Nomination of the said Justices of the Peace, and who are paid out of the County Rates, and for the transacting all Matters of Business concerning the County at large, at such Session only, and hot elsewhere: The Court recommends Preston as a central convenient Place to be appointed for holding the said Sessions, and submit that the last Thursday in June would be a proper and seasonable Time.

Taylor, Dep. &c.

The Court with great Deference recommends to the Consideration of his Lord ship and the Council, the several Proceedings upon this Subject, heretofore transmitted to them by the Sessions, which the Court fub-mits, furnishes abundant Matter of Ground for the intended Application to Parliamen t.

Taylor, Dep. 8cc.

This Court thinks it a Duty to state to his Lordship and the Council, that sufficient general Powers should be given to authorize the Justices of the Peace at such SeffiotT, to make such Orders as they, in their Judgment, shall find necessary, to effect all. the Purposes of Business, concerning the County at large, and particularly the Nomination of a Treasurer, of Chaplains to the Gaols, of Keepers to the Houses of Correction, and all other public Officers, in the Nomination of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, and who are paid out of the County Rates.

Dep. &c.

Vol. 53.

Manchester Se(fi6ns, 22d January, 24th Geo. III. 1784.

Upon reading the following Order made last Lancaster 4. Sessions, held the 13th Day of this Instant; to wit- —

[vide last mentioned Order.]

This Court doth hereby signify its Concurrence and 4» Approbation of the Measures recommended by the above Order; and having taken into Consideration the present State of the Gaols and Houses of Correction within the said County, and having in Contemplation the Insufficiency thereof (particularly the Houses of Correction) which are now crowded with very great Numbers of unhappy Wretches, many of whom are dan-#gerously lick of a Putrid Fever, of which the late Gaoler of Lancaster, and several Prisoners, have lately died; which Circumstances prove the great Necessity of an immediate Enquiry into this Business, in order that the most speedy and effectual Means may be taken to effectuate the laudable Purposes of making the said Gaols and Houses of Correction complete for every Purpose of humane Confinement, wife Correction, ana exemplary Punishment, and that they may be construdied so as to prevent the dreadful Public Calamities which may be occasioned by the Increase of the said Distemper among the poor Prisoners, and from them spreading itself abroad; This Court doth hereby order,

That the Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the said County, shall represent their Proceedings to the High Sheriff of the said County, and requell him to call a Meeting agreeable to the above Order, and the Resolution therein mentioned; and this Court doth earnestly request the Attention, Attendance, and Assistance, of the Nobility, Gentry, and Clergy, of the said County on this Occasion; and it is ordered, that the said De-» puty Clerk of the Peace shall publish this Order Three Times in the Liverpool and Manchester Papers, and circulate the same in Hand Bills.

Taylor, Dep. 8cc.

V

6 M

P sr s-

5-

6.

50 a

56 Aprils.

A. 1798;

Lmttajler Sheriff's Board, 25th March 1784. Prefen t,

William Banks, Esquire, High Sheriff *

Sir Thomas Egerton, Baronet.

-Rickard Town

Lawrence Ra,

Doming Rashotham, Roger Dcwhurst

James Bradshaw

Samuel Cloze ss,

Robinson Shutt

John Rigby,

Thomas Lyon,

Edward Falk

Thomas Clayton,

Joseph Pickford, J

.H

'5

tii

Thomas Goligh

Joseph Fielding, Edmund Rigby,

Nathan Hyde,

James Makon

William Hesketh, William Allen,

Joseph Hornby,

John Grimfhaw, and

Richard Scales, Clerk.

V

VS

/.cr

3

w

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Board, That the Gaols in the County of are inadequate to

contain, with Propriety, the Number of Prisoners Annually confined in them.

Resolved, That a Committee shall be appointed to inspect the Gaols and Prisons in the County of Lancaster, and to report their Opinions thereon to the High Sheriff' and the Gentlemen assembled at the Sheriff 's Board, at the next Summer Assizes at ,such

Committee to consist of Gentlemen to be appointed at the next General Court of Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County; at Latt-taster, Three Gentlemen for the Hundred of Lonsdale-, at Preston, Three Gentlemen for the Hundred of ness; and Three Gentlemen for the Hundred of Blackburn; at Ormskirk, Three Gentlemen for the Hundred of West

andThree Gentlemen for the Hundred of and at Manchester, Three Gentlemen for the Hundred of Salford; that a convenient Time and Place shall be appointed by the said Session for such Meeting; that each Gentleman so to be appointed shall have Notice given to him by the Deputy, Clerk of the Peace for the said County, signifying such Nomination, and the Time appointed for the Meeting of the Committee.

Taylor, Dep. &c.

Manchester Sessions, 29th April,24th Geo. III. 1784.

This Court, in compliance with the Resolutions made Pase 6-at the Sheriff's Board held at the last Assizes, doth hereby nominate and appoint James Fenton, Esquire,'

Robert Fletcher, Clerk, and Edmund Rigby, Esquire, a‘ Committee on the Part of the Hundred of Lonsdale, with the other Gentlemen of the County appointed for 1 this Purpose, to inspect the Gaols and Prisons in the County of Lancaster, and to report their Opinions thereon to the High Sheriff and Gentlemen assembled at the Sheriff's Board, at the next Summer Assizes at Lancaster. Taylor, Dep. &c.

This Court, in Compliance with the Resolutions made at the Sheriff 's Board held at the last Assizes, doth hereby nominate and appoint Thomas Bay-

ley, Roger Dewhurst, and Doming Rashotham, Esquires, a Committee on the Part of the Hundred of Salford, with the other Gentlemen of the County appointed for this Purpose, to inspeift the Gaols and Prisons in the County of Lancaster, and to report their Opinions thereon to the High Sheriff' and Gentlemen aifembkd at the Sheriff's Board, at the next Summer Assizes at Lancaster', and this Court doth also appoint a Meeting of the said Committee to be held on ThursJay, the Thirteenth Day of May next, at Eleven o'Clock in the Morning, at the '

House of Mr. Cooper, in Preston, to which Time and Place this Session is intended to be adjournedi

Taylor, Dep. &Ci

Preston Adjourned Sessions, 4th July, 27th Geo. IIL.

1787.

Alexander Butler, Esquire, Chairman,

Robert Andrews, Esquire, Doming Rafbotham,

Thomas Butterworth Bay ley, Esquire,. 1

Esquire, Edmund Rigby, Esquire,

James Bradshaw, Esquire, Robinson James Barton, Clerk, Esquire,

Roger Dewhurst, Esquire, JamWhalley, Esquire,

Sir Ashton Lever, Knight, Th Clerk. Robert Master, Doctor in

Divinity,

Preston Sessions, 22d April, 24th Geo. III. 1784.

This Court, in compliance with the Resolutions made at the Sheriff's Board held at the last Assizes, doth hereby nominate and appoint Alexander Butler, William Cunliffe Shawe, Esquires, and Thomas Whitehead, Clerk,

a Committee on the Part of the Hundred of Amounder-ness; and James Whalley, Robinson Shuttleworth, and Thomas Clayton, Esquires, a Committee on the Part of the Hundred of Blackburn, with the other Gentlemen of the County appointed for this Purpose, to inspeift the Gaols and Prisons in the County of and

to report (heir Opinions thereon to the High Sheriff and Gentlemen assembled at the Sheriff's Board, at the next Summer Assizes at Lancaster. Taylor, Dep. &c.

Ormskirk Sessions, 26th April, 24th Geo. III. 1784.

This Court, in compliance with the Resolutions made at the Sheriff's Board held at the last Assizes, doth hereby nominate and appoint Thomas Seel, Robert Moss, and Edward Falkner, Esquires, a Committee on the Part of the Hundred of West Derby-, and Robert Master, Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Baldwin, and Thomas White-head, Clerks, a Committee on the Part of the Hundred of Leyland, with the other Gentlemen of the County

appointed for this Purpose, to inspect the Gaols and Prisons in the County of Lancaster, and to report their Opinion thereon to the High Sheriff and Gentlemen assembled at the Sheriff's Board, at the next Summer Assizes at Lancaster.

Taylor, Dep. &c.

This Court doth nominate and appoint the Reverend 10. Thomas Baldwin, James Barton, Clerks, Thomas Butter- . worth Bayley, Wi/fon Braddyll, James Reginald

Braithwaite, Alexander Butler, Thomas , Roger

Dewhnrft, James Fenton, William Esquires, Sir ton Lever, Knight, Thomas Lyon, Esquire, Robert Master, Doctor in Divinity, Miles North, Doming Rashotham, Edmund Rigby, Robinson Shuttleworth, James Whatley, Esquires, the Reverend Thomas Whitehead, Clerk, a Committee to tranlaft the Business relative to the , Alterations and Amendments intended to be done at the said Cattle of Lancaster as above agreed upon, and they, or any Three of them, ar& hereby authorized and empowered to proceed and take such Measures to carry the above Orders and Resolutions into Execution, as they, or any Three of them, shall in their Discretion think proper: The Meetings of the Committee to be , at Preston, and Reports of the Progress to be made to the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, Annually to be holden for traftfafting the Business of the County at large, and the First Meeting of the fait} Committee to be holden at Mr. Cooper's, on the Seventeenth Day of August next, at Eleven o'Clock in thfr Morning.

Preston Adjourned Sessions, 9th July, 28th Geo. III.

1788.

Ordered, That the Sum of £.5,117, the Expence the above Work is estimated to cost, exclusive ol what has already been done, shall be raised by Rolls, to be figr.ed at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be from Time to Time holden at Preston, in such Proportions, , and payable at such Times, anti to such Persons, as the

Page >7 *

38 Geo. III.

25

said Committee shall direct, pursuant to and in the Manner provided by the Statute, in such same made.

Dep. &c.

Lancaster Sessions, 14th January, 34th Geo. III. 1794.

Ordered, That the several Magistrates acting within the Hundred of Lonsdale, be added to the Committee for inspeding the Works of Lancaster Castle, and they are hereby appointed of the said Committee accordingly. Dep. &c.

Appendix, N® 3.

At the General Session of Assizes holden at the Castle of Lancaster, in and for the County Palatine of

Lancaster, on Saturday the 15th Day of in the

Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, 1795:

Grand Jury:

Daniel Wilson, of Dalham Esquire, Foreman,

James Ackers, of Lark Hil

Jonas Bold, of Liverpool,

Joseph Brooks, of Everton,

Peter Drinkwater, of Irwell

John Entwijlle, of Foxholes

Bold Fleetwood Hesketh, of

John Fowden Hindle, of B

John Kearjley, of Manchester

John Leaf, of fame, Esquires.

Robert Peel, of Bury,

Thomas Parke, of Highfield

John Ridings, of Storks,

Edmund Rigby, of Ellell,

Thomas Richardson, of Manchester,

Thomas Starkie, of Frenchwoo

John Trafford, of Trafford

Joseph Thackeray, of Manchester,

Ralph Wright, of Flixton,

Resolved, That it appears to the Grand Jury, that an Annual General Court of Quarter Session of the Peace holden it a central Place in the said County, for the especial Purpose of transading all Matters relating to , the County at large, is necessary, and would be attended with great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said County. - Daniel Wilson.

Appendix, N 4.

Lancaster Lent Assizes,

25th March 1797.

The Names of the Grand Jurors, assembled and sworn:

1. Sir Henry Philip Hoghton, Baronet,

2. Richard Atherton, Esquire,

3. William Atherton, Esquire,

4. Joseph Brooks, Esquire,

5. Edward Buckley, Esquire,

6. John Dalton, Esquire, <

7. John France, Esquire,

8. Charles Gibson, Esquire,

9. Geoffrey Hornby, Esquire,

10. William Hill, Esquire,

11. Joseph Hornby, Esquire,

12. Robert Hesketh, Esquire,

13. William Langton, Esquire,

14. Richard Grimjhaw Lomax, Esquire,

15. Thomas Parke, Esquire,

16. Lawrence Rawforne, Esquire,

17. Abraham Rawlinfoti, Esquire,

18. Edward Rijhton, Esquire,

19. Joseph Starky, Esquire,

20. James Whalley, Esquire,

21. Daniel Wilson, Esquire.

The Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the said County, Vol. 53.

5°3

having produced to us a Copy of the Resolution made by the Grand Jury, assembled and sworn at the Al- -sizes holden at this Place, in August 1795, signifying that in their Opinion an Annual General Court of Session of the Peace, holden at a central Place in the 1 said County, for the special Purpose of transacting all Matters relating to the County at large, is necessary, and would be attended with great Advantage to the County at large; having also stated to us, that a Petition to the Commons House of Parliament, signed by Thirfy-six Magistrates acting in the said County, hath been prepared and transmitted to the Members of the said County, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill to effectuate the above Purpose; and having also read to us a Letter, dated 20th March 1797, signed Thomas Stanley and John Blackburne, expressive of their Delicacy in acting where large Bodies of their Constituents disagree in their Sentiments on any Subject, and desiring the Sentiments of the Grand Jury herein:

We, the Grand Jury here assembled, having taken this Business into our Consideration, do unanimously resolve, That we concur in the Sentiments expressed by the Grand Jury in the said Resolution, and that we think it a Measure highly proper and expedient, and likely to be productive of great Use to the Inhabitants of the said County: We do therefore, with all Relped, intreat the Attention and Support of the Members for the said County to the said Petition and Bill when brought into Parliament; and we do also in like Manner recommend the same to the respective Members of the several Boroughs within the said County, and request their Attention and Support on this Oc-. casion.

H. Hoghton, '

RichJ Atherton,

"Atherton,

Joseph Brooks,

Edward Buckley,

John Dalton,

L John France,

Charles Gibson,

Geoff. Hornby, Senior,

Robt. Hejketh,

j . Jos. Hornby,

"Langton,

R. G. Lomax,

Tho. Parke,

Law.

Abm Rawlinson,

EdwJ Rijhton,

Joseph Starky,

J. Whalley,

Dart Wilson.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Lancaster Sef-obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding or *

of the Adjournments of the General Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, and the Lord Hawkesbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The Lont Walker: haveagrertto

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for en» Act for declaring the Validity of Two Orders in Coun- Tim" of ap-cil, dated the Sixth Day of AugujlOne thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four, and the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Caul'es; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such

Time

pealing in Prize causet.

S°4 25°

Time shall ha# tlapsed, in such (pedal Causes as His Majesty by any Order m Council shall authorize; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth; without any Amendment. . ' .

And then the Messengers withdrew.

SwifsProperty Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the reporte . TQommj{tee of tj,e wh0ie House, to whom the Bill to, prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act}i made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government; and for preventing the Transfer of Stock by virtue of any Power of Attorney from Persons residing in France, The United Provinces, or Switzerland, or any of the Territories belonging to, or dependent on, either of them, without Licence from One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, was committed, the Amendmentswhich the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Stirling and Dumbarton, &c. Road Bill.

Edinburgh The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Two Pennies Reading of the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by fcrredf de" an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act; -

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Bill to amend The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Aa concern- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon kc. deferred the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act " concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other " Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather;" Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevfcn-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

/ )

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Jamaica, &c. Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Ad, pallid, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and " Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar,

" tego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, " in the Port of Saint George in the Kland of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau, in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Kland of New Providence, " One of the Bahama [(lands, under certain Regulations " and Restrict ions," was read the Third Time.

6

mils'. 1798.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 15. To leave Out "any."

1. 16. To leave out the first," of" and to leave out " said."

1. 26. To leave out from "And" to the End of I.32.

1. 37. To leave out " said."

Fr. 3. 1. 4. To leave out frorti "into" to "any"

inl-5 i

And the said Amendments were, lupon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled " An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the " Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego " and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port " of Saint George in the Kland of Grenada, in the Port " of Roseau in the Kland of Dominica, and in the Port of " Nassau in the Kland of New Providence, one of the " Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions."

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and " the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the " Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, cmployed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at " the End of the Fifiling Season," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Excess beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament towards defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of thfe House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have beenorlhall be printed by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts at Home, at the Places, and in the Periods therein mentioned, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year .1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Che/fea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1798, be referred' to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Cohimittee.

Ordered,

Act for Encouragement of Fill leries, to be conii dered.

Committee of Supply.

Accounts &c. referred: Printingjour-nals, &c. of the House of Common.

Money issued out ot Civil lilt.

Convicts.

Chelsea Hof-pitul.

D«. f

Widows Pen-' {ions.

Scotch Roads, See.

Supplemen-kiry Militia.

Provisional

Cavalry.

Volunteer

Corps.

Barrack Department.

Foreign

Corps.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Particulars of E It i mates ordered: Barrack Department.

Provisional

Cavalry.

Volunteer

Corps.

Foreign

Corps,

Motion for

Particulars of Army Extra-ordinaries: Withdrawn.

38 Geo. III.

250 — 26° Jprilis.

5°5

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Supplementary Militia in the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered', That' the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Provisional Cavalry in Great Britain in the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Volunteer Corps in Great Britafor the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Expences incurred, or expected to be incurred, in the Barrack Master General's Department, in the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great , for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Ch ir.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dire<5l-ed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow 'Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Particulars of the Estimate of the Charge of the Expences incurred, or expected to be incurred, in the Barrack Matter General's Department, in the Year 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Particulars of the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Provisional Cavalry in Great Britain, in the Year 1.798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Particulars' of the Estimate of the Charge of the Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, for the Year 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Particulars of the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Gr Britain, for the Year 1798.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That there be laid before this House, the Particulars of the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay-master General cf His Majesty's Forces, in the Year (Vol. 53.

ending the 24th of December 1797, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Par- Supplemeh-

ticulars of the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied 1217

Supplementary Militia in the Year 1798.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Militia Regu-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better dividing the Militia into Regiments', Battalions, and Companies, for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other -Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia and Supplementary Militia;

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Read- B‘n to regu ing of the ingrafted Bill to abolish certain Offices, and th *

to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs, and Customs, de-for applying the Fees which have been received from fcrmi vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jopis, 26° die Ap;

Anno 38 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1798.

Pray ers. ->

A BILL for coritihuing the Term, and enlarging Dudley Hill and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Bill, edmmit-George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth ted *

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley , through Beckwithfhaw, to Killing hall, and from

to the South West Corner of H in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry.

Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Rockbome doling, the Open and Common Fields, and other xncl Ure TT Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of P:.fled. Rockbome, in the County of Southampton, and bury, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands ami Grounds within the Parishes of Rockbome, in the County of Southampton, and Wiclibuin the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Owners and Masters of Trows, Petitions from Barges, and other Vessels, of th'e Borough of xrows of

in the County of Worcester, navigating on the River Bewdleyand Severn, to and from the Port of and to and from the Borough of Bezcdleyaforesaid: And also, in Ship Own-

A Petition of the Persons thereunder-signed, resident e s Bi in the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, and the Borough of Teivkefbiiry, in the County of Gloucester, Owners- of Trows and Barges navigated on the River Severn, to and from the Port of and

to and from Evesham and Tezckesbury, respectively; Were severally presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners learn, by 6 N the

STD to amend Warboys Inclosure A&, presented.

Petition in favour of Lan-«after Sessioms Bill.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to incorporate the Call Plate Glass Manufacturers, with Amendments.

Linlithgow and Lanerk Roads Bill, reported.

50 6 <i(y Aprilis A. 1798.

the Votes, that a Bill is now depending for the Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels navigated upon the High Seas only, from the Rel'ponfibiiity they are now subject to as common Carriers: And, being informed the Bill will also relieve the Owners and Mailers of such Ships and Vessels in the Tideway of Rivers, and in Ports, and all other Places, as well as Upon the High Seas, the Petitioners pray. That the like Relief may be extended to the Owners and Mailers of all Ships and Vessels navigated in the Tideway of Rivers only, and also in those Ports and Places where Ships from Sea will be protected by the intended Bill, although the said Vessels might not have been upon the High Seas: That the Petitioners and their Families are chiefly supported by the Interest they have in Vessels navigated in the Tideway of Rivers, and, as hitherto neither Law nor Custom has made any Distinction between the Seas and the Tideway of Rivers, they pray to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, on the Equity of their Claim to be included in the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships is committed.

t

Lord Viscount Hinckingbrook presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Common " Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste " Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish " of War boys, in the County of ," as relates

to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out and allotted in lieu of Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Merchants, Manufacturers, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Bury, in the County Palatine of,

contributing to the County Rate for the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for the Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournment of the General Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of cajier, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said- Petition do lie upon the Table.

k

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pop/iam and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with ptoper Powers for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

/ t

Mr. M'Dowall reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-fifth'Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 8

making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinbwgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his PJace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corpo-

rate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondenc# with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government; and for preventing the Transfer of Stock by virtue of any Power of Attorney from Persons residing in France, The United Provinces, or zerland, pr any of the Territories belonging to, or dependent on, either of them, without Licence from one of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to any of the Governments in or any Bo-

dies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Britain

and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland; and alto the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, any Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, to The United Provinces, and to , and to the

Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the

lullices

SwifsPronmf Bill, paired.

Lancaster fions Bill, presented.

38 Geo. Hi,

a6° Jp,

Answer to Address on King's Meffcge.

Leith Harbour Bill,

passed *

Bill for regulating the Clipping of Slaves, deferred.

Committee on Militia Regulation Bill.

reported

Bast India Company's Revenue Accounts, or tiered.

Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tiitte upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Douglas reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (to return His Majesty the humble Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message, and to afiure His Majesty that this House will, without Delay, proceed to the Confederation of the interesting Subjects, therein mentioned, with all the Attention which their Importance to the Safety of these Kingdoms require) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleated to receive the same very graciously.

An ingrafted Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better dividing the Militia into Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia and Supplementary Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Lie of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Court of Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, the several Accounts enumerated in the 126th Claul'e of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the " F.af India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with " their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for

Vo 1.. 53.

SOI

" establishing further Regulations for the Government " of the said Territories, and the better Administration " of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order " and Government of the Towns of Madras,

and Bombayv"

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeih; viz.

Resolved, That it N the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Sixteen/ thousand One hundred and Sixty-leven Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Five hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Hospital,

and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year

1798-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand and Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three hundred and Fifteen thousand Seven hundred and Eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Supplementary Militia, in the Year

1798-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Provisional Cavalry in Great Britain, in the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Twenty thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Expences incurred, or expedled to be incurred, in the Barrack Master General's Department, in the Year

1798 *

Resolved, That it-is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twenty-six thousand and Eighty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Britain, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 179S.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, be granted

to

Report Siip-ply.

Chelsea Hof-pittl.

D».

Widows Pensions.

Scotch Road , &c.

Supplementary Militia.

Provisional Cavalry. (

Volunteer

Corps.

Barrack Department.

Foreign

Ccrps.

Extraordinary Services.

Loan to Ireland.

v ooeie

508

26° Apritis.

A. 179S.

to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Remittances, from Time to Time, to be applied to His Service in Ireland, in such Manner as shall be approved by the Parliament of that Kingdom, on Provision being made, by the said Parliament, for defraying the interest and Charges of a Lcarnto that Amount.

Printingjour- ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, tuis,&c. 1797. That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Sixty Pounds and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, being the Excess beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Charge of printing the Journals- of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been or shall be printed by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1797.

Conyifts, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 797 That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, being the Excess beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts at Home, for the Year 1797.

Somerset Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

place. That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds and

One Shilling, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued to Mr. Robert Jupp, and other Architects, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for making a Survey at Somerset Place, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Kind's House Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, at Wmchdter. That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-eight Pounds and Nineteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make ' good the like Sum, which has been issued to Mr. John

Soane, Architect, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expences of Journies to Winchester, to examine the State of the King's House there, and for making Estimates and Drawings of the necessary Repairs, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Report Ways Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards -delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seventeen Millions be raised by Annuities.

Terms of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Contributor to the said Sum of Seventeen Millions shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1798, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there:

That every Contributor shall also be entitled to the

Loan.

Loon.

further Principal Sum of Fifty Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate ot Three Pounds Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1798, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, which were reduced Irqm Four Pounds to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there:

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to an Annuity of Four Shillings and Eleven Pence per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1798, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-one Years and Three Quarters, and jhen to cease, over and above the Principal Sums of One hundred and Fifty Pounds, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Fifty Pounds after the like Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of every One hundred Pounds to be contributed and paid towards raising the said Sum of Seventeen Millions, which Annuity of Four Shillings and Eleven Pence per Centum, lo to continue for Sixty-one Years and Three Quarters, shall be added to, and madeOneJoint Stock with, the Annuities payable at the Bank of England, which, by several Acts, were granted for the respective Terms therein mentioned, and were, by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities, so consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are payable, and transferrable at the said Bank of England: That the several Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, Three Pounds per Centum, and Four Shillings and Eleycn Pence per Centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund: That every Contributor shall, on or before the 30th Day of this Instant April, make a Deposit of Ten Pounds per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe, towards raising the said Sum of Seventeen Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say;

£.1 $ per Centum on or before the 23d Day of May next;

£.15 per Centum on or before the 2 2d Day of June next;

£. 13 per Centum on or before the 20 th Day of July next;- '

£. 13 per Centum on or before the 23d Day of August next; .

£.10 per Centum on or before the 21st Day of September next;

£.10 per Centum on or before the 23d Day of October next;and

£.10 per Centum on or before the 23d Day of November next:

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of Seventeen Millions at any Tune on or before the 22c! Day of October 179S, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so advanced

3 8 Geo. III. i6a Aprilis. 509

vanced for completing his or her Contribution respect Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, AtViiienal tively, to be computed from the Day of completing the That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Dut>'«« same to the 23d Day of November 1798. jesty; an additional Duty of Five Shillings be charged for

Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt which, from and Duty on Salt. That> towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- after the 25th Day of April 1798, shall be imported fromajesty, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings be charged for Scotland into England, accompanied with a Certificate, every Bushel of Salt, not being the Product or Manufac- from the proper Officer, that it hath paid the Duty now tureof Great Britain, which shall be imported into Great payable on Salt imported from Scotland to and

Britain after the 25th Day of April 1798, and after which shall not have been charged with the said addi-v that Rate for any greater or less Quantity. tional Duty, and after the same Rate for any greater or

D . Reftdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, less Quantity.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Drawback

jesty, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings be charged for That a Drawback of the additional Duty be granted tation every Bushel of Salt, not being of the Product or Manu- upon the Exportation of all Salt made in Great facture of Great Britain, which shall have been imported Rock Salt only excepted.

into Great Britain, and which, after the 25th Day of That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional

April 1798, shall be found in any Ship or Vessel in That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Duty«" rta-which the same shall have been imported, or in any jesty, an additional Excile Duty of Five Pounds Lighter, or other Vessel, after the Unshipping 2nd be- be laid upon all 7'ea of the Price of Two Shillings and fore the Landing thereof, or upon any Quay or Wharf Six Pence per Pound Weight, or upwards, which shall upon the First Landing thereof, or which, after the said be sold by the United Company of Merchants of Eng-25th Day of April 1798, shall be in any Cellar or Ware- land trading to the East , after the 25th Day of house in which the same shall have been put, subject and 1798, or which, having been so fold, shall be

according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictians, and found in any Warehouse, belonging to the said United Provisions, contained and provided in any Act or Acts Company, after the said 25th Day of April 1798, to - of Parliament, concerning the Cellaring or Warehous- be computed upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea ing of Foreign or imported Salt, and which shall not shall be, or shall have been, fold.

have been charged with the said additional Duty, and That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Drawback on

after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity. That a Drawback of the Duty be granted upon the' Te4‘

D«. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exportation of all such Tea sold by the said United That, towards raising the Supply granted tb His Ma- Company, and exported to any Place where a Draw-jesty, an additional Duty of Five Shillings be charged for back of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law.

every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt which, from and after Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed Certificates

the 25th Day of April 1798, shall be made at any Salt That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Bearing!,?' Work, or taken out of any Salt Pit or Pits, in Great jesty, every Person who shall use 01 wear any Armorial Britain, and after that Rate for any greater or less Bearing or Ensign, by whatever Name the same shall Quantity. be called, or shall be possessed of, and use, any Car-

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, riage, or Seal, or Plate, or other Article, on which

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- the same shall be painted, marked, engraved, or affixed, jesty, an additional Duty of Five Shillings be charged for shall previously enter his or her Name, and Annually every Bushel of Salt and Rock Salt which shall have take out a Certificate thereof, in a Manner to be pre-been made at any Salt Work, or taken out of any Salt feribed.

Pit or Pits, in Great Britain, and which, from and after Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on D». the 25th Day of April 1798, shall be fold, delivered, or That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-sent out of or from any Cellar, Warehouse, Storehouse, jesty, a Stamp Duty of Two Pounds and Two Sliil-or other Place, belonging to, or occupied by, the Pro- lings be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parch-. prietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers, of any meat, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Salt Work or Salt Pit or Pits, or whiph shall be fold, such Certificate shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, delivered, or sent out of or from any Cellar, Ware- which shall be issued to any Person keeping any Coach, house, Storehouse, or other Place, in which the same or other Carriage, upon which any Duty, under the . shall have been put before the Duty now payable there- Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of on shall have been paid, and which shall not have been Taxes, is chargeable, and on which such Armorial charged with the said additional Duty, and after the Bearing or Ensign shall be painted, marked, or aflame Rate for any greater or less Quantity. fixed.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, E°-

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Twenty Shil&igs be charged jesty, a Stamp Duty of One Pound and One Shilling for every Hundred Weight of Salts, known or called by be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, which, from and or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any such after the 25th Day of April 1798, shall be made in Great Certificate shall be ingrossed, written, or printed,

Britain, and after that Rate for any greater or less which shall be issued to any Person not keeping any,

Quantity. Coach, or other Carriage, upon which any Duty, under

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- of Taxes, is chargeable, who shall be charged to the jesty, an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings be charged Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on . for every Hundred Weight of Salts, known or called by Floufes, Windows, or Lights, by any Act to be passed the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, which shall have in the present Session of Parliament, been made in Great Britain, and which, from and after Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the 25th Day of April 1798, shall be fold, delivered, or That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-sent out of or from any Cellar, Warehouse, Storehouse, jesty, a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence or other Place, belonging to, or occupied by, the Pro- shall be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parch-prietor or Proprietors, or Occupier or Occupiers, of any ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any such Salt Work, and which shall not have been charged with Certificate shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, the said additional Duty, and after the faipe Rate for any which shall be issued to any Person not keeping any greater or less Quantity. Coach, or other Carriage, upon which any Duty, un-

' Vol. 53. 6 0 dvr '

Barticnlar of ' E&nu&es pre-k-ttfod --Barrack De-

pJultiUOlt.

Provisirnal

Civoiry.

Volunteer

Corps.

Supplemen-v torjr Miiitu.

Minutes of Committee on General Turnpike A£fcs, presented.

Reports in

1796, to be jrinted.

Southern Whale Bifiie-rie Bill, deterred.

51 O' a6° — 27° Aprilis. .1798.

dei the Management of the Commissioners for the An ingrafted Bill for. repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Car-Affairs of Taxes, is chargeable, nor being charged to Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for es bTu the Duties on Inhabited Houses, or to the Duties on granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu rewt the Third Houses, Windows, or Lights, by any Act to be passed thereof, was, according to Order, read the Third Time ' in the present Session of Parliament. Time.

The laid Itesolutions being severally read a Second An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting Persons who upon, agreed to by the House. furnish Horses in the Volunteer Cavalry.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon And the said Clause was.Thrice read; and, upon the the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Towii/hcnd, Mr. be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for appointing Collectors.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. in the Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, Saint Mary

le Bone, and Pancras.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- A£d the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the fuanfc to their Order ‘ Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

Particulars of the Estimate of the Charge and Ex- mad? Fart of the Bilb by Way of Ryder, pences incurred, or expected to be incurred, in the Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to Barrack Matter General's Department, in the Year the Bill, by W ay of Ryder, directing that the Duties 1798: And also, in Scotland shall be paid Half Yearly.

Particulars of the Estimate of the Embodied Pro- And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the visional Cavalry, in Great Britain, in the Year 1798: Quezon put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to

And also he made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Particulars of the Estimate of the Charge of the Another ingrossed Clause being offered to be added Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, for the Year 1798: to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that this Act

And also, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act of this

Particulars of the Estimate of the Charge of the Session;

Embodied Supplementary Militia in the Year 1798. _ A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

And the Tittes of the said Papers were read. That the said Clause be brought up.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, And Notice being taken that Forty Members were to be perused by the Members of the House. not Prelent; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Forty Members not being present, and it being then Papers of this Session. Four of the Clock;

Mr. Alderman Lushington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Minutes of the Committee appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being for regulating the Turnpike Laws in that " Part ,of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes and also, an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act, so far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional' Term of Five Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Minutes be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Reports, referred to the said Committee, which, upon the 27th Day of April, and the 3d £)ay of May 1796, were made from the Committee appointed to take into Consideration Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries;

Rtjolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the skid Committee.

5

; House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerts, 270 die Apr; Anno 38 Georgii III" Regis, 1798.

Prayers. _

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to petition for whom the Petition of the Persons, whose Names urin Cops are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Com- de' 'i scuip-mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, ture, reported and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Benjamin West, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Art t»f Sculpture, which is confcfledly the Foundation of every Thing elegant and ornamental in Arts and Manufactures, has not hitherto experienced from the Legislature of this Country that Protection to which it is so eminently entitled; that the ingenious Artists, who have applied themselves to the Study of Sculpture, have, to their great Mortification and Injury, found that their Works have been pirated, whereby the Fruits of their Labours have been loft to themselves and their Families, and the Art itself has been degraded, and many have been thereby discouraged from Attempts, to which their Genius may have prompted them, and others have been afraid to put forth the Works which they may have executed.

And the Witness further said. That the Art of Engraving has been manifestly advanced to its present State

of

Gkftonbury Inclo sure Bill, committed.

Newark upon

Trent Paving Bill, reported.

Thurcafton inclosiire Bill, committed.

Swithland Tn-

cloPire Biii, committed.

Lords

Amendments to Bill to incorporate the Call Plate Glass Manu facturers,. Agreed to.

38 Geo. III. Aprilis

of Perfect ion by the Protection afforded to it by several Acts of Parliament, pafl'ed during the Reigns of his late Majesty and the present King, in consequence of which Laws the Arts in general have received elsential Benefit, and the Commerce of this Country has been Very widely extended.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts, and other Things therein mentioned: And that Mr. John Pitt and the Lord do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of Queen, or Little Sedgmoor, in the Parish of Saint John

the Baptist, in Glastonbury, and also certain Parcels of Waste Land in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint Benedifl, in Glastonbury, all in the County of So-

merfety was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. - > forty Mr. Bur don, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mark Wood reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing, of the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in the Town of Newark upon Treaty in the County of Nottingham, and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town, and for regulating the said Market, and for repealing an Act, made . in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Acte for the

" Pavinge of Newarke upon Trentin the Countie of

" Nottingham," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feyerally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Thurcafton,' in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time,

Refdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin,

Sir IVill ram Lemon, &cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and 'inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish and Lordship, or Liberties, of Swithland, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to'Mr. Pochin,

Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with'proper Powers for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which is now expired.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. i. After " therein" insert w and has Vol. 53.

511

" been duly paid to them respectively, except the Sum of One " thousand Eight hundred and " Sixty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence, which " is ready to be paid when called " for."

16. Leave out from " Stock" to " And" in Press 34. Line 29.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Or- Ken (worth der, a Bill for dividing and allotting, with Powers to spresented. inclose, the Open and Common Fields, Common Paf-tures. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Kensworth, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Petitlonsfrom of the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Taking tices, &c.of Notice of the Bill for obviating and1 removing Doubts respe«5ling the holding of the Adjournments of the effter Session General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and Bill, for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That the same would, if passed into a Law, invalidate and destroy several valuable and ancient Grants, Charters, Immunities, and Privileges, made, given, and confirmed, to the Petitioners, by several of the Monarchs of this Kingdom; and that the Four General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the said County, have, in consequence and by virtue of a Charter of King Edward the Third, originated at Lancaster for upwards of Four Centuries past, and have been adjourned from thence to IVigan, Or ms-

kirk, and Manchester, for the general Ease and Conve-

nience of the County at large; and that, by Reason of the Quarter Sessions having been held at Lancaster aforesaid, from such a remote Period of Time, great Emoluments have accrued to the Petitioners, and the other Owners of Property in the Town and Vicinity of Lancaster, which will be greatly diminished, should the said Bill pass into a Law; and that, in the Preamble of the said Bill, it is alledged that the Legality of the said Adjournment hath been attempted to be called in question, which Allegation the Petitioners contend to be unfounded; and that the Mode of holding the Sessions, and transacting the Business of the County, as proposed by the said Bill, is confused, expensive, and lo novel, as to be without a Precedent, and the Petitioners are confident it is a Measure not called for by any existing Cix-cumstances, and likely to produce much Mischief and Inconvenience: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against the fame, at the Bar of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Justices of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Gentlemen, Clergymen, or Freeholders, within the said County Palatine, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Laws now in Force authorize and direct the Justices of the Peace to hold all such Courts of Session as are necessary or expedient to be holden within the said County Palatine; and that, in confe-' quence of a Charter granted by King Edward the Third,

at

513 37 Aprilis.A. 1798.

at the Request of the then Duke of Lancaster, and afterwards confirmed by Eight succeeding Sovereigns, by the Usage of more than Four Centuries, and by a solemn legal Decision, the Town of Lancaster has been,

' and is, the Place appointed for holding such Courts, and at Lancaster Four Courts of Quarter Sessions, being Courts of General Session for the County, are regularly holden pursuant to the said Laws, and in conformity to the said Charter, which last mentioned Courts are, and long have been, for the greater Convenience' and Accommodation of all Parts of the County, adjourned to Preston, Ormskirk, Wigan, and; and that

the taking away any of the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Courts of Quarter Sessions, and the Substitution at Prejlonor any other supposed central Place within the Palatinate, of a novel and unprecedented Court of Annual Sessions, would not only be an Innovation upon ancient Laws, Rights, and Usages, under which the County has prospered, but be highly inconvenient to many of the Magistrates, and detrimental to the greater Part of the Inhabitants of the County, and particularly so to Persons residing North of ter Sands, who, if such Annual Sessions were established

at Preston, would thereby be virtually excluded from any Participation in the general Affairs of the County, whilst called upon to contribute very largely to case the Burthens of it; and that many other Objects of the Bill would, if the same were carried into Effect, be highly prejudicial to l y far the greater Part of the Inhabitants of the said County, without affording any material Benefit or Accommodation to any particular Place or Persons: And therefore praying. That, they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a . Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then

heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if , they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Order of The House was moved. That the Order, made upon

LeaveforTet- the 3d Day of this Instant April, "That Leave be MaLeflniry, " given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and &c. Roads " enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth flurged" Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Tetbury, in the County of to and through

" Malmesbury, to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of

" Wilts, and from Malmej to the Turnpike Road at " or near Jackaments Bottom, in the said County of " Gloucester, and also the Road from Farringdon to " Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the

" Turnpike Road at A El on and also from

" Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath," and for repairing and widening several other Roads communicating the rewith," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. read T c House was also moved, That the Petition of the

and S' Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in mitied. the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through bury, to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jack-aments Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also, the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at A El on

ville, and also, from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to which was presented to

the House upon the 21st Day of February last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition, and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, which was presented to the House upon the 2 2d Day of February last, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Report as relates to the First-mentioned Petition be re- committed.

Ordered, That the same be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petitions were referred.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Poultry Poultry Compter, in the City of London, was presented Peti-

tothe House,-and read; Complaining of their Distress, tion. and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Alderman Combe reported from the Committee, Ft.Sepulchre to whom the Bill for re-building the Workhouse of the re'

Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, and p a for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had diretfled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom wiiharHon the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- sported!B' ' mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wilbarston, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, so far as relate to the Open and Common Fields, but that Notices were not given respecting the other Lands intended to be inclosed; and it appeared to the Committee, that all the Parties interested, both in the Fields and other Lands, had consented to the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

m

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pophctm and Mr. The Lord Walker: 'have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Reydon in-Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, cloiure BJl1 Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Reydon, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rennet a"ni

0 AO. Avon Canal

Bill, with an Amendment.

Gifleham and Pakefield Inclosure Bill with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Twifleton's Divorce Bill *

Accounts from Chamberlain's Office, pre-

Motion rt~ fpodting/ Mr. Palmer's Agreement, dropped.

38 Geo. III. 270 Aprilis. 513

Act to vary the Line of the Kennet and Canal, authorized to be made by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirt-y-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend, the said Acts; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this floufe: And alfp,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Gifleham and Pakefield, in the County of Suffolk', with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for difiolving the Marriage of the Honourable and Reverend Thomas James Twifieton with Charlotte Anne,

his now Wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; tp which the "Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of attended at the Door} he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th of July 1797: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City' of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City, from the 29th September 1796 to the' 29th September 1797: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating on the River Thames, from the 31st December 1796 to the 31st December 1797: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of Lin pursuance of an Act for improving tire Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, and for making a more commodious Street or Pail ago at' Snow Hillfrom the 31st December 1796 to the 3ill December 1797: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New Bridge Street, B/ackfriars, in the said City, from the 31st December 1796 to the 31st December 1797: And also,

An Account of Money received and , paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, Blackfriars Bridge, from the 29th September 1796 to the 29th September 1797: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chifwell Street, towards the East, into Bishopf-

gate Street, &c. from the 29th September 179610 the 29th September 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 13th Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of the Agreement made with Mr. , for V01. 53.

the Reform and Improvement of the Poll Office and its Revenue, and who were empowered to enquire into -the Causes of his Suspension from the Office of Comptroller General of the Post Office; and who were in-strufted to report to the House the Evidence which should have been received by them, respecting the several Matters referred to their Consideration, plight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Agreement made with Mr. Palma, for the Reform and Improvement of the Post Office and its Revenue}

And it having been stated to the House, that the said Proceeding was for the Purpose of a Grant of Money for the Public Service; and the same not being recommended by the Crown;

The said Question was not proposed from the Chair.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the Hobfe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, upon the Bill to empower certain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Order be dil'charged }

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^: 44-

Tellers for the Noes, f Mr

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordaed, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Secretary of State shall take Security for every Licence granted to Alien Emigrant French.

And the said Clause was read the First Time} and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring. That Persons having a Passport shall use due Diligence in making use of it.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordaed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King the Third,

6 P intituled.

Motion to discharge the Order for referring Misdemeanors Bill to a Committee:

Neg *

Report of Bill respe&ine Aliens, nir-ther considered.

Committee on re-committed Bill to amend Act for preventing Ex-,p nce at Election *

\tfciton Tur-viUelnclosure Bill, committed. *

Edlaburgh v Two Pennies Scots Bill, committed.

Bill forcalling out Part of the ScotcUMilitia, committed.

Tveedmouth

Inclosure Bill,

presented.

514 tf-ab0

intituled, An Act for preventing Charge and Expence " in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee. And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

m 1

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 28 die;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

ABILL for dividing and inclosing the Open- and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Weston Tur-ville, in the County of Buckingh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bur Jon, &c. a And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that the Brewers of the City of Edinburgh and its Environs, who petitioned this House upon the 8 th Day of March last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Twen-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint ot Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas , Mr. Secretary Drndas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise and embody a " Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of " Britain called Scotland," was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bur don prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a Moor, or Traft of Waste Ground, called Tzveedmouthand Spittal Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Chapelryof iuoit/h, and County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved-, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aprilis. A, 1798.

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Sloops and Vessels navigated in the Tideway of the Rivers,

5 Trent, and Ouze, to and from the Port of was

' presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is now depending the rein, declaring, that no Owner or Mailer of any Ship or Vessel usually employed, of about to be employed,' in the Navigation of the High Seas should be liable for any Loss which should happen in the Cargoes of such Ships or Vessels, except in certain Cafes, whether such Loss should happen on the High Seas, or in the Tideway of any River, or in any other Place whatever; and that the Sloops and Vessels of the Petitioners, notwithstanding the utmost Care of the Mailer and Crew are, as well as Ships, liable to many Accidents besides those occasioned by the Act of God, and the King's Enemies; and that the Petitioners apprehend, although they are subject to the like Responsibility for Losses as the Owners and Mailers of Ships, yet they will not, as the Bill now Hands, be entitled to any Protection from Losses which shall happen to the Cargoes on Board their Vessels, notwithstanding such Losses shall happen from the very same Caule as shall occkfion any Loss in the Cargo of any Ship, and even in the same Place, and at the same Time: And therefore praying. That the Benefits, intended by the said Bill to the Owners and Mailers of Ships, may be extended to the Petitioners, and that they may not be answerable for any Loss which shall happen to the Cargoes of Sloops and Vessels while such Sloops and Vessels shall be in any Place frequented by Ships navigating the High Seas, and where the Owners and Mailers of such Ships would not be liable to Loss, and that such other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for " preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament."

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions by Way of Annuities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for grapting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tea: A.nd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

.Ordered., That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs " on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into,

" exported

Petition of Owners of SI(>ops in the Humber, &c. to be included in Ship Owners Bill.

Bill to amend Att for preventing Expence at Elections, defer red.

Loan Bill, presented.

Salt Duty Bill, presented.

Tea DutyBili *

presented.

Part of Customs Duty A a oflait Session relating to Tea, to be confide red.

Bill relating to Qualification of Commi flioners of Land Tax, deferred.

Militia Pay Bill, deferred.

Committee Oil At\ for Encouragement of Fisheries, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, defer-, red.

Servants, Carriages, &c. Unties Bill, deferred.

Houses, &c. Duties Bill, deterred.

Bill to regulate certain Oilices in the Customs, deferred.

38 Geo. III.

" exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise " within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, " when brought or carried Coastwise; and for applying "the Money to arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " Reduction of the Drawbacks and Bounties how allowed on the Exportation of Sugar," towards defraying the increased Charge occasioried by any Ldan " granted, or Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed " in the last Session of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole, House, to consider osso much of the said Act as chaises a Duty on Tea imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great; for the

" Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight," as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners.

515

The House being informed that Mr. Cooke, from the Account of Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; he was BU? outT } called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- standing, pre-fuapt to their Order, ... fented.

An Account of Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 5th of April 1798; distinguishing the Dates thereof, and the Interest due on the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

„ Ordered; That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be periifed by the Members of the House.

The. laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning; Ten of the Clock;

Lund, 30 Afrilis;

Anno 38° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1798. Pr At Eks.

280 — 30'

Resolved, That this House will; upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven", hundred and Ninety-eight *

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to' Bill foren- \ Order, a Bill for encouraging the Art of making aukr? n®ft 'e new Models and Calls of Bulls; and other Things there- Models, Buds, in mentioned: And the same was received; and read kc- Prel«med-the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secohd Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom s ndy Inclo-; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and sure iU>re Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and p°It whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Fif- other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- of Sandy, in the County of Bedford, was committed; tituled, " An Act for the Encouragement of the Fishe- That the Committee had examined, and found that the " ries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills oflnclo British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee " Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, em- had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found " ployed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned " the End of the Fishing Season." - had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole unto, which they had directed him to report to the House, to consider further of the Supply granted to House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after *

His Majesty wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once Resolved, That this House will', upon Monday Morn- «ad throughout; and then a Second Time, One by ing next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole °nei and> upon the Question severally put thereupon, '

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif- were agreed to by the House.

ing the Supply granted to His Majesty. . Order That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, proceed further upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horles, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, proceed further upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs; and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant ♦Offices towards a Superannuation Fund.

Vol. 53.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from The May , in the " Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common to the Town " of Brighthelmjion, and from Poynings Common aforesaid,

" to High Cross, in the Parish of Albourne, and from " thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road " or Lane leading towards , and from the

" Marie Pit, neat the Bottom of Hill, in

" the Parish of Neivtimber, to the Marie Pit fronting " Neivtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Sussex," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted 4>y the House on the ift Day of March last. Notices have been given in The Suffix Weekly Adverti-xer, Three different Days, in the Months of March and April, and at the last Quarter' Sessions of the Peace for the County of Sussex, of an Application having been

made

Petition relative to Notice for Henfield and Bright helmfton Roads kill.

Abingdon Roads Bill, committed.

CarVifle and Renrith Roads Bill, reported.

Newark upon Trent Paving Ball, passed.

30° Jprilis. 1798.

made to Parliament for Leave to brin® in a Bill for repairing the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards unto Her-

rings Clappers, in the Parish of Twineham, in the County of Sussex, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills for making Turnpike Roads: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, and that the same may be put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two fcve-ral Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the fteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a. Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombehill-gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to the Abingdon Di ft rift of the said Roads th'erein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, Mr. Vansittart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

Sir Henry Fletcher reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth. Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and -

land, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing, of the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages ana Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town, and for regulating the said Market, and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, " An Acte for the " Pavinge of Neivarke upon Trent, in the Countie of " Nottinghamwas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing, of the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town, and for regulating the said Market, and for repealing an Act, made in the

Vi

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Acte for the Pavinge " of Newarke upon Trent, in the Countie of Nottingham''

Ordered, That Mr. Mark Wood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of the Honourable and Reverend Thomas James Twijleton with Charlotte Anne Frances, his now Wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances Wat-tell, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir John Mordaunt,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '

A Bill for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, " Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands,

" within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County " of Huntingdon," as relates to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out and allotted in lieu of Tythes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, Mr. M&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for regulating the depasturing of Commons and uninclosed Lands with Sheep, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lemon, ftlr. Gregor, &c.: And they ace to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker' Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Money paid by Receivers General of the Land Tax to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, in pursuance of the Act 37 Geo. III. for railing Men for the Army and Navy.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported " from, or brought and carried Coastwise within Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when brought " or carried Coastwise } and for applying the Money to " arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Reduction of the " Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, ' towards defraying the increased " Charge occafiened by any Loan granted, or Stock " created, by ahy Act or Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament," as charges a Duty on Tea imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

scad

TwifletonV Divorce B03, read.

Birmingham Inclosurtr Bii committed.

Bill to amend

Warboys Ia-closure Act, committed.

Bill for regulating the de« pafhiring of Commons, committed *

Account of Money paid for railing Men for the Army and Navy, ordered.

Committee on Customs Duty Act of last Session relating to Tea.

Loan BUI, onunitted.

Day appointed for considering Lords Amendment toKennet and Avon Canal $ilL

Lancaster Sessions Bill, committed.

Particulars of Estimate of Foreign Corps, predated.

Salt Duty Bill, committed.

Bill forcalling out Part of the Scotch Militia, deferred.

38 Geo. III. 30 " April517

bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raisipg the Sum of Seventeen Millions by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hoyfe will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vary the Line of the Kennet and Avon Canal, authorized to be made by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and t amend, the said Acts, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for thfe Second Reading of the Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the' Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon Friday last, praying to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, See.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Paper, intituled, " Particulars " of the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1798.",

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

Vol. 53.

land, and to amend an Act, made in the hft Session of Parliament,' intituled, "An Act to raise and embody " a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tea, be now read.

And the said Order1 being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee'of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill. 1

And the ingrossed Clause before offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for returning a List to Parliament, of Persons placed on the Superannuation Fund, was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byWay of Ryder, for the like Purpose.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better dividing the Militia into Regiments, Battalions, and Companies, for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia and Supplementary Militia, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

6 Q Ordered,

TeaD uty Bill, committed.

Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Customs, pasted.

Militia Regulation Bilh re-committecL

conlldered.

518 306 Aprilis.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further

A. 1798;

Servant , Car-

Dimes Bill, Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed

puled. ' Bill for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Clause before offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that , this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act of this Seflaon, be brought up.

And the said Clause was accordingly brought up, and Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. 1. 14. After " granted" to insert " in that

" Part of Great Britain called Eng-"

Pr. 7. I; 21. To leave out from " Gelding" to for" in 1. 22.

1. 25. To leave out from " Gelding" to " for" in 1. 26.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 7. 1. 27. by inserting, after the Word " aforesaid," the Words " or who shall furnish a Mare " or Gelding for the Services required by Two Acts of M the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, to be cmbodied in same of Neceftity for the Defence of these " Kingdoms."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j }

Tellers for the Noes, [ul}

14.

32 *

So it passed in the Negative.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

To leave out " any of."

To leave out " Twentieth" and insert " Thirtieth" instead thereof, and to leave out " and insert

" June" instead thereof.

To leave out " before" and insert " in such Lift" instead thereof.

To leave out "distinguishing" and insert "describing" instead thereof. To leave out from " Fifth" to " of" in 1. 39. and insert " Day" instead thereof.

After " April" to insert " and the " Thirtieth Day of May."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 17. 1. 33. by inserting, after the Word " Pounds," the Words " Provided always, that all " Persons who shall have returned the Blank Lifts de-M livered to them by the Parish Assessors, filled up according to the Directions of this Act, with the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and " Dogs, retained by them, or by Persons lodging in H their Houses, shall not be liable to prepare and deliver " in the Lifts above mentioned ;"

' 3

Pr. 7. 1. 29 L

& 30. J

1. 40.

Pr. 10. 1. 28.

Pr. 12. 1. 1.

Pr. 13. 1. 38.

39-

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out from the Words " liable to" to the End of the Question, in order to insert the Words " any of " the Penalties of this Act." >

And the said last-proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said first-proposed Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 26. 1. 32. After. " Provided" to insert " and " for every Coach or Diligence, " with Four Wheels, which shall ' . " be kept and employed as a Pub- lie Stage Coach, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for " Hire to and from difi'erent Places " within this Kingdom, and which " shall be duly entered as such " with the said last mentioned " Commissioners."

Pr. 28. 1. 27. After " used" to insert " nor for " any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, " of any Person duly licensed to " keep a Public Stage Coach or " Diligence, used and employed " solely by such Person in drawing such Stage Coach or Diligence."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties thereon in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to jnake Provision in the said Bill to limit the Number of Slaves to be shipped and carried on Board Ships or Vessels on or from the Coast o in proportion to the superficial Contents of the Deck, or to the cubical Contents between Decks, in such VefT fels, and not according to their Tonnage.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 eut,

letters for the leas, . q

18.

34;

'2 General Ear let on: . }

Tellers for the Noes, j J,

So it pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill to limit the Number of Slaves to be shipped and carried on Board Ships or Vessels on- or from the Coast of Africa, in proportion to the superficial Contents of the Deck, or to the cubical Contents between Decks, in such Vessels, and not according to their Tonnage.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refolye itself into the said Committee.

The

Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves, deferred.

InJlniStiottb,

38 Geo. III.

30® Aprilis. — 1°

519

Committee on Bill for Payment of Expencesin Cafes of Prosecutions for Misdemean-on.

Bill to amend Act for preventing Exigence at Elections, deferred.

Bill for incorporating the Commissioners for Northern Light-houses. deferred".

Bill respecting Aliens, deferred.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower certain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Mil'demeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was' directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furthe of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve " in Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be read a Second Time upon 'Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrafted) to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in

-it -r £ k

<( this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wediuflay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for repealing the Duties on Houses, Window's, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, be fead the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Afleit, from the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he w'as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of Money paid by Receivers General of the Land Tax to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, in pursuance of the Act 37 Geo. III. for raising Men for the Army and Navy.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Bank of England,

30th 1798.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Money paid by Receivers General of the Land Tax to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, in pursuance of the Act 37th Geo. III. for raising Men for the Army and Navy.

£62,7 55. 10.

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

kishop of London's and Grand Junction Canal Agreement Petition, reported.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon thd Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mar its, i° die Matt,

Anno 38° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1798.

Praters.

MR. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Beilby Lord Bishop of,

and the humble Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the Vol. 53.

House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon, was read: And,

John White, Esquire, being examined, said, That, by virtue of the said Act, a Treaty and Agreement hath been entered into between the said Lord Bishop of Londojt and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands at Paddington, of the one Part, and the

Militia Pay B;ll, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Wrys and Meuns, deferred.

Houses, eyre. Duties Bill, deferred.

Account of

Monty paid for raising Men for the Army and Navy, presented *

G.oogie

Harfton In-dosure Bill, paired.

520

T Ma

jlf I 798.

the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, of the other Part, for granting a Lease to the said Company of Proprietors' of certain Lands and Premisses in the Parish of Paddington aforesaid; and the said Company of Proprietors require the Aid of Parliament, with a Power for borrowing a further Sum, to enable them to carry such Treaty and Agreement into Effect on their Parts, \

And the Witness added. That if the said Treaty and Agreement was fully performed, and carried into complete Execution, it would be for the mutual Benefit of the Petitioners, and of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Beil by Lord Bishop of LondonThomas Wood, Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and Arthur,

Esquire, Sir John Morjhead, Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert ,' Esquire, and

Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand JunElion Canaland for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Praed and the Earl Temple do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for allotting and dividing tire Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying within the several Parishes of Harston and Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Red Dean

Field, and Pejfills Field, and Part of a certain Moor

called Little Shelford Moor, within Harston and Hauxton 'aforesaid, and the Parishes of Little Shelford and Newton, some or one of them, all in the County of Cambridge, was reac( the Third Time.

1 he Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 34. 1. 19. To-leave out " Dean and Chapter." 1. 27. After " Field" to insert " and to the " said Dean and Chapter, and " their Successors, for the Great " Tythes due to them from so " much of the said Field called

* Mount Fi and

" PeJJills Field, as shall be deemed " by the said Commissioners to " lie in Harston aforesaid."

After " called" to insert " Mount " Field, Red Dean Field, PeJJills " Field."

After " called " to insert " Mount " Field, Red Dean Field, Pejfills Field."

After " Impropriators " to insert " and, " and to leave out from " Vicars" to " in," in 1.11.

1. 19. After " aforesaid" to insert "and to " the said Dean and Chapter, for " their Right of Tythe, from so much of the said Fields called " Mount Field, Red Dean Field, " and PeJJills Field, as shall be " deemed as aforesaid to lie within " the said Parish of Harston."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allotting and dividing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying within the several Parishes of Harston and Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Pejflli Field, and Part of a certain Moor called Little Shelford Moor, within Harston and Hauxton aforesaid.

P t.38. I. a.

Pr. 39. 1. 15.

Pr. 42. I. 2.

and the Parishes of Little Shelford and some

or one of them, all in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whefe Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the Town and Parish of in the County of Berks, and within the several Parishes, Towns, and Villages, of Little Coxzvell, Fernham, Uffing-ton, Woo/stone, Compton, Ashbury, Idstone, Great Cox-

zvell, Longcot, Watchfield, Sh Bourton, BiJ/'wp-

stone, Swindon, and Wootton in the said County,

and the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Faringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of in the County of Wilts, and to other Places therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed for executing the said Acts, have caused a Turnpike Gate to be erected, and Tolls taken, at the End of a Street called Coxwell Lane, situate within the Town of Fatingdon aforesaid, whereby Persons passing on certain Parts of the Road are subject to the Payment of the full Toll authorized by the said Acts, although they pass on the said Road only Four hundred and Twenty-five Yards; and that the taking of the said Toll is a great Grievance and Ilardship on the Petitioners and others, and is prejudicial to the Markets held in the said Town of Faringdon: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Coun> lei, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for restraining the Trustees, appointed, or to be appointed, for executing the said Acts, from continuing the said Turnpike Gate at the Spot above described, or erecting any other Toll Gate on any Part of the Road leading from Faringdon towards Shrivenham aforesaid, and taking Tolls thereat, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Traders, and Ship Owners, residing in the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vary the Line of the Kennet and Avon Canal, authorized to be made by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to extend the Powers of, and to amend, the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 9.. Leave out from " Clerk" to " And," in Press 14. Line 13.

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time,

was,

Petition from Faringdon: again it the Application for Tetbury ami Malnui-bury, Sec. Road Bill.

Petitfcn in favour of Ship Owners Bill.

Lords

Amendment to Kennet and Avon Canal Bill, agreed t<x

38 Geo. III. i° M. 521

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords} and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Carlifleand An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and al-Penriih Road tering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made '1)411 in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Cariijle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and land, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Cariijle to the Town of

rith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Fletcher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Boddington' -An ingossed' Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce Bill, to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Boddington, Esquire, committed. w|th Grace Ashburner, his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry' again, and for other Purposes therein men-. . tioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That tfyp Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill,

‘ if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Mr. Scaly's' Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to Petition re- whom the Petition of Edward Scaly, of Bridgewater, DlLVfWm6 n the County of SomerJ'et, Merchant, was referred; Bark in the and who were directed to report their Opinion to the Deatherf re- House upon the Matter contained in the said Petition; poi-ted.' That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is ascertained, by the Judgment of some of the moll: considerable and moll eminent Persons in the I eather Trade, that good, durable, and firm, Leather may be tanned with Elm Bark only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the legalizing of the Use of Elm Bark will be of great National Benefit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Advantage to be derived,/from the Use of Elm Bark in Tanning, has been ascertained by Experiments made under the Direction of Mr. Scaly, to whom the said Patent was duly assigned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Person interested in the said Patent is deserving of Remuneration', and that his Rights, under

Vol. 53.

the said Patent, ought in Justice to be secured him, and rendered effectual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That th£ Chairman be directed to move the House, that it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made lin the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers,

" Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the " cutting of Leather," is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for lccuring to Edward Scaly, of Bridgewater, in the County of horn erfet, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the full Use and Benefit of the Discovery and Invention of a Method of Tanning Leather with Elm Bark instead of Oak Bark, during the Term now to come in a Patent granted to George Hawkes, of Long-fleet, in the County of Dorset, for that Purpose, in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by him duly assigned to the said Edward and also, that it be an lpstruction to the said Committee,

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for restraining the said Edward Sealy, his Executors, Ad--ministrators, and Assigns, from demanding or taking more than the Sum of Ten Pounds and Ten Shillings for a Licence to use the said Discovery and Invention for the Term of One Year.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

N.B. This Report is entered on the 7th Day of this . Instant May, when reported from the Committee to whom the fan. s was re-committed.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to Catcot Divi-whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture and Turbary Lands, and for ex- reported, changing and allotting the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and for stinting and regulating the flocking and depasturing certain Droves, in the Village or Hamlet of Catcot, within the Parjlh of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied-with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Two Common Rights in the Open and Commonable Pasture and Turbary Lands, one of whom could not be met with, and the other, who is a Quaker, declined interfering in the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 33 Acres, or thereabouts, in the Open and Commonable Lands, who did not chuse to lign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole Number of Common Rights, interested in the Bill, are 41, and the Open and Commonable Arable Lands consist of 270 Acres, and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- . wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,-One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Petition rr ti-

the Petition of the several Trustees, whof Names are f-')vre/|' t!|jCS thereunto subscribed, for carrying into Execution an and Rright-Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of kelmiton His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing reported.'' *

" and widening the Road leading from The May Pole,

6 R " in

Bill ordered.

Petition relative to Notices for paving >Vmcan;on.

522 i° Mail. A. 1798 *

" in the Town of Haifa!d, over Common to the

" Town of Brighthelmfon, and from Common

" aforesaid, to High CroJ's ,in the Parish of AI bourns,

" and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs " of the Road or Lane leading towards and from the Marie Pit, near the Bottom of " Hill, in the Parish of New, to the Marie Pit " fronting'Newtimber Broad , in the same Parish,

" in the County of Suf'ex," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three printed Newspapers, called The Weekly

tifer, of the -2.6th of March and the 9th and 16th Days of April last, were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twinehamunto Herrings in

the Parish of Twiueham, in the County of are

inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House Upon the ill Day of March lait: And,

Mr. John Gates informed your Committee, That, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the Door of the Seffioris H>u;c, at the last General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the ill Day of March, last, was made from the Committee to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the -Road leading from The May Pole, in the Towrrof Henfeldy over Poynings Common, to the Town of and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the Parish of Albottme, and from thence for the Distance

of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, and from the Marie Pit, near the Bottom of Saddlcfcombe Hill, in the Parish of to

the Marie Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the said County of Suf 'ex, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The May Pole, in the Town of HenfielJ, over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brightand from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the Parish of Al-bourne, and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards and from the Marie Pit, near the Bottom of -fcombe Hill, in the Parish of Newtimber, to the Marie Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Sufex, and also for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twiueham unto Herrings Clappers, in the Parish of Twinch am, in the said County: Anti that-JVlr. John Pitt and Mr. Baldwin do prepare, end bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of IVin-can ton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 15th Day of March last, Notices have been given at the Easier Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the said

County, and also in the Newspaper called The Bath Chronicle, that, Application having been made to Parliament for a Bill for paving the Footways within the Town of Wincanton, in the said County, a further Application was intended to be made, for Provision being made in the said Bill for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, within the said Town, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances,-and Obstructions therein, and otherwise improving the same, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House of Applications intended to be made relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving, any City or Town: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and pubfic Passages, within the Town of Wincanton, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, an l Obstructions, within the said Town, and otherwise improving the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr.

Jon, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power tc fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was'presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 4th Day of April last. Notice of the Application to Parliament for repairing the Branch of Road leading from Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to Black heath, in the Parish of Rowley, in the County of Stafford, and also the Branch of Road leading from Dudley to Bumble-hole, in the Parish of Dudley, in the said County of Worcester, was given at the Jail Eafer Sessions holden for the said Counties of Worcester and Stafford, Three Times in the Newspaper called The and Staf-

fordshire Advertizer, in the Month of last: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for repairing the said Branches of Road,1 under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nitfe of

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Earl of Carysfort reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Turn Acts, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn, in the said County, and for repairing and w idening the Road from the North End of the Bridge to a Gate called Scot Gate, in Stamford, and from the d ermiir.ition of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Bourn, to the Market Cross in Bourn, w>as referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied wfith; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

>y

Petition relative to Notices for additional Provision in , Ted more and Holly Hall Roads Bill.

Wansford Bridge and Stamford Roads Petition, reported.

Petition from Owners of Sloops of Lincoln, to be included in Skip Owners Bill.

Tetbitry and

Mai im (bury, &c. Roads recommitted Petition, re-- ported.

38 Geo. III.

Mail.

5 3

it in at the Clerk's Table i Where the Tame was read; and is as followeth; viz. *

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Wyche being examined, said, -That, pursuant to the Directions and under the Authority of the said Acts, a Progress hath been made in amending the ltoads

,0 _ O

therein described; and that a considerable Debt hath been contrafted, which still remains charged on the Tolls, and the same cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from I Fans ford Bridgein the County of North-

ampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Croi's, in the Town of Bourn, in the same County, and from the North End of the Bridge to Scot Gate, both in Stamford aforesaid: And that the Earl of Carysfort, General Leland, and Sir William Low I her, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Masters of Sloops and Vessels navigating in the Tideway of the Rivers Humber, 'Trent, Ouze, and Dunn, to and from the City of,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, declaring that no Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel usually employed, or about to be employed, in the Navigation' of the High Seas, should be liable for any Lois which should happen in the Cargoes of such Ships or Vessels, except in certain Cafes, whether such Loss should happen on the High, Seas or in the Tideway of any River, or in any other Place whatever; and that the Sloops and Vessels of the Petitioners, notwithstanding the utmost Care of the Master and Crew, are, as well as Ships, liable to many Accidents besides those occasioned by the Act of God and the King's Enemies; and the Petitioners apprehend, although they are subject to the like Responsibility fdr Lolfes as the Owners and Mailers of Ships, yet they will not, as the said Bill now Hands, be entitled to any Protection from Lolfes which shall happen to the Cargoes on Board their Vessels, notwithstanding such Lolfes shall happen from the very same Caule as shall occasion any Lois in the Cargo of any Ship, and in the same Place; And that the Petitioners, conceiving such Distinction would be unjust, therefore pray. That the Benefits intended by the said Bill to the Owners and Mailers of Ships may be extended to the Petitioners, and that they may not be answerable for any Lois which shall happen to the Cargoes of Sloops and Vessels, while such Sloops and Vessels shall be in any Place frequented by Ships navigating the High Seas, and where the Owners and Mailers of such Ships would not be liable to Loss, and that such other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committ.ee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships is committed.

Mr. Ff court reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from , in the County of

Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wiltsand from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Bottom, in the

laid County of Gloucester, and also, the Road from Fa-

Vol. 53.

ringdon to Cricklade, from thence to and

to the Turnpike Road at Acton Turville, and also, from Sheif one to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; and also, the Petition of the several Peri'crts, whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, were several I y referred, lo far as the said Report relates to the First-mentioned Petition; That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In further Proof of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. James being examined,

said. That it would be beneficial to the Roads, and more convenient to the Trustees appointed by the said Act, if the same was repealed, and new Powers granted for amending, widening, and repairing, all the Roads described in the said first-mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Tetbury, in the County of to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Malmesbwy to the Turnpike Road at or near Jacliaments Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and all'o the Road from Faringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at ASlon Turville, and also from Sherfone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath, and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving, several other Roads communicating the rewith: And that Mr. Ef court, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penruddocke Wyndliam, and the Lofd Porchefer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " Ait " Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of " certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports " of Kingson, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa " Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of " George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of RoJ'eau " in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of " in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama " Island s, under certain Regulations and Restrictions;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bradford Peverell, in the County of Dorset; without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a new Road or Street from Fret Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and from thence, through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Li/liput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey; and for enlarging, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-licond Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty, for making a new Road from Street, in Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for repairing the lame, and other Roads adjoining; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Ground?, within the Parishes of Rockborne, in the County of Southampton, and Wichbury, in the County without any Amendment: And also, ,|<

7 The

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to amend Jamaica, &c. Lrec Ports Act.

Bradford Peverell Inclosure Bill.

Son th waile Roads Bill.

Rorkhorne and\V icl.hury' Iucioilire Bill.

Huddersfield and Pen It one Road Bid.

El van foot Ruud Bill.

The Lords have pailed Sir John Hollywood's

Eibte Bill.

Bill read.

Standing Order relative to Applications resetting Patents.

Committee on Bill relating to Qualification of Commissioners of Land Tax.

C ommittee cn Bill forcalling out Part of tin Scotch Kliiitia.

524 i° Mail. A. 1798.

T!>e Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Hin the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, l'o far as relates to the- Road from dersfeld to Pi 'uistone; without any Amendment: And ailo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Road from near Dinwoodie Green, in the County of Dumfries, to or near Flvaifo'ot, in the County of Lanark: without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain undivided Moieties of several Messuages. Lands, "and Hereditaments, in Suffix, Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Hollywood, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mcfl'engers withdrew.

.. And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ttfoIved, That, before any Petition be presented to this -House for confirming or prolonging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His Majesty to any Person or Persons, on account of any Invention, Notice of such intended Application shall be inserted Three Times in The London Gazette (and also Three Times in One of the Edinburgh Papers where the Letters Patent extend to- Scotland) in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made; and that such Notice shall have prefixed £0 it, in Capital Letters, the Name by which the Invention is usually distinguished, and shall contain a distinct Description of the Invention for which such Letters Patent have been obtained, and also an Account of the Term of their Duration; and that the Chairman of the Committee, to whom the Petition for confirming or prolonging the Term of such Letters Patent, is referred, do report to the House how far the Order contained in the said Resolution has been complied with.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a Standing Order of this House.

upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raile and embody " a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great.

" Britain called Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. 1

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the J ePort °" Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- of\saft *

ferred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the SeUion, reiat-last Session- of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for-instoTta *

" granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried Coastwise within " Great Britain, except Wine, and except Coals, when " brought or carried Coastwise; and for applying the " Money to arise by virtue of an Act, passed in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Reduc-

" tion of the Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on " the Exportation of Sugar," towards defraying the increaled Charge occasioned by any Loan granted, or " Stock created, by any Act or Acts passed in the last " Session of Parliament," as charges a Duty on Tea imported into this Kingdom, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient that so much of the said Act, as charges a Duty on Tea imported into this Kingdom, should be repealed. '

The said Resolution being read'a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tea, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, palfed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a f‘ Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight," as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the! Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an venting Ex-Adl, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King pence at Elec-William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Uons *

" Charge and Expence, in Elections of Members to " serve in Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bili; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for That this House will, upon Friday Sevennight, the pnnginto nth Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a spe ti the Committee of the whole House, to take into Con- Negotiation

f.Oration

Neg.

Committee on Xoan Bill.

&ltT>uty Bill, deferred.

Militia Regulation re-committed Bill, reported.

National Debt Bill, ordered.

38 Geo. lit.

l° Mail

5 5

sideration the Proceedings held as to the Negotiation citor General; Mr. Rose, and &lr. Long, do prepare, entered into between Major General IValpolt, and the and bring in, the lame.

Maroons of Trelawney Town, in the Island of Jamaica,

in the Month of December 17951 The House dividedi The Yeas went forthi

Tellers For the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

34-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they upon the Bill for the further encouraging the Southern

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Whale Fisheries;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Eicife on Tea, be now read.

And the said Ordef being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Alorning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Committee oil Tea Duty Bill.

Southern Whale Fife rie Bill, deferred.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to continue and amend

Ordmd, That tire Order of the Day, for the House " Aa>rin ‘he f ‘he ®eg?/

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "" Pre['n< Majesty, intituled, "An Act for elUbltftt-upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional " Kegnlattons respea.ng Aliens arming in tins Duties on Salt, be now rek ' " Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Bill respect-iHe Aliens, deferred.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

axuu uiL \yiuv.i uvaUig i au avvviuiiigijr y np

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Morning.

we, resolve itself into the said Committee. . j ...n a

* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

» . < . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House *

Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from Upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Cloathino- of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

for better dividing the Militia into Regiments, Bat-

talions, and Companies, for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia and Supplementary Militia, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight;

And the House being informed that the Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1798, which was reported to the House upon the 16 th Day of February last, and upon which the said Bill is founded, is inaccurate;

Ordered, That the said Order be dil'charged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed

Order For going into th Committee oa Militia Par Bill, discharged.

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and by One; and, upon the Questton severally put there- Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1798, be re

upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time . Tomorrow Alorning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

vived.

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the said Committee, be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-Committed to the said Committee.

Bill, withdrawn.

Committee on Militia Estimate, revived.

Report, recommitted.

The House was moved. That the Fourth of the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

Add the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Two Hundred Thou-11 sand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be ifi'ued " and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank " of England, to be by them placed to the Account " of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Towtishend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybrts, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Soli-Vol. 53.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing the House , &c. Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And theh the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

8 Mtrcvrii,

Dewsbury and Eatand Road Bill, reported.

Golden Farmer Hill and Basingstoke, &c. Roads Petition, reported.

526 i° Mali.1798 *

tending to Hertford and from thence com

tinued to forms a Part of the great Weltern

Road leading from London towards Exeter, and other large Towns and Places, to The Land's End, in Cornwall, and that a ready Communica-/ tion might be opened from a certain Part of the said Road, as described in the said Petition, so as to unite with the Turnpike Road leading from Reading to singstoke, at or near a certain Place called The Bull Inn,

MR. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee; in the Parish of Swa tlowfield, which would form a direct to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and Communication from , Reading, and other inter-enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty- mediate Towns, to Gosport and; but that the

second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Highway leading from Nor t invarnborough to Heckfield and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty'; for (being in Extent Eight Miles, or thereabouts) isfoun-repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to derous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be ef-Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of was fedually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the 'committed; That the Committee had examined the ordinary Course of Law: And the Witness added, That Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; he has surveyed the said Road, and knows it is pradi-and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and cable to make it a good Road: Then, made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Mr. Green being again examined, said, That it would directed him to report to the House; and he read the be of great Convenience to the several Trustees acting Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, under the said recited Acts, as well as of peculiar Ad-wit h t he Amendments, ih at the Clerk's Table: Where vantage to the Public, if the said Two hrft-mentioned the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Roads were consolidated, and the said last mentioned then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- Branch of Road was extended, from its Termination at tion Lcveraiiy. put thereupon, were agreed to by the the End of to the Turnpike

House. Road leading from Reading to Basingstoke, and Powers

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be given to the Trustees appointed by the said recited ingrossed. Acts, to repair and widen the fame, and for raising

Money to defray the Expences thereof, and securing Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom the Re-payment of the fame, the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for thereunto subscribed, residing near and adjacent to the continuing, and rendering more effectual, several Acts Road leading from The Golden Farmer Hill, near Bag- for repairing the Road from The Golden Farmer, near Shot, in the County of Surrey, to Basingstoke, in the Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge County of Southampton, and also from Odiham, in the Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to said County of Southampton, to the Parish of Heckfield, Basingstoke and Odiham, both in the said County of in the said County, was referred; That the Committee Southampton, and for repairing and widening the Road had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of from the Southern Extremity of 'Northwarnborough the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com- near Odiham aforesaid, over Northwarnborough Common, plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to Parishes of Rotherwicke, and Heckfield, to a

report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; Place called The Bull in the Par:lh of and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Read-livered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was ing, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid:. read; and is as followeth; viz. And that Mr. Chute, Sir Heathcote, and Mr.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Shaw do prepare, and bring in, the liime.

Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to w'hom Sj"wtonldr in the Thirteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of His pre- the Bill for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the reported. ' sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Common Hill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, Places, within the Parish of in the County of

in the County of Southampton, were read. Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

Also Two other Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of plied with; and that the Committee had examined the His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from a Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Place called The Golden Farmer Hill, near Bagshot, in and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent the County of Surrey, to, Hertford Bridge Hill, in the to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (ex-County of Southampton, were read: And, cept the Proprietors whole Property is of the Annual

' William Green, EsqtfTre, being examined, said. That Value of £. 200, or thereabouts, who refuted to lign Two several Sums of £.2,000 and £.1,000 have been the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property intended advanced to the Trustees appointed by the said recited to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of 923, or Acts, upon the Credit of the Tolls to be collected by thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the virtue of the Powers therein contained, which Sums, Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Commit-together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in re- t?e had gone through the Bill, and made several pairing, making, and improving, the said Roads, and Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him for such other Purposes as by the said Acts are directed, to report to the House; and he read the Report in his yet the said Roads (being together upwards of Twenty- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bili, with the one Miles in Length) cannot be elfcdually repaired. Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the nor the said several Sums discharged, unless the Term Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a and Powers granted by the said Acts are further conti- Second Time, One by One; and, u on the Question nued and enlarged: Then, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Mr. William Terry, a Surveyor, being examined, said. Ordered, That the Bill,- with the Amendments, be That the said Road, from The Golden Farmer Hill, ex- ingrossed.

6 Ordered,

- . ' ' t c -

Mercurii) 2 die Maii\

i"

Anno 38 . Georgii III. U Regis; 1798. Pray e ss.

Member a tilled to bring in Sutton Veny Division and Allotment Bill.

Hill presented.

Bishop of , London's and »rand Junction Canal Agreement Bill, pre-icmed.

Eoncaster Road Petition, reported.

pedmore and Holly Hall Road Petition, reported.

3 8 Geo. III. 2°

Ordered, That Mn Goddard be added to the Gentle men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the most Honourable ‘Thomas Marquis of Bath, and the humble Petition of the several other Persone, whose Names arc thereuntofubferibed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Veny-, in the County of Wilts, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Veny, in the County of Wills: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill b« read a Second Time.

J

Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Beilby Lord Bishop of , Thomas Wt.lod,

Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope, Esquire, Sir John Morjhead, Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Thijllethwayte, Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietor? of The Grand JunSlion Canal, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike Road Which leads from Bawlryto Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been Complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Broderick, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which still remains due; that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of and And that Mr. Ellison, Sir Gilbert and Mr.

Vynet, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' Mr. LygoH reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worccfer, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter

Vol. 53.

of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: WThere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three printed Newspapers, called The Herald; and

also. Three others, called The

of the 14th, 2ill, and 28th Days of April lait, were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, for repairing the Branch of Road leading from Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to Blackhcath, in the Parish of Rowley, in the County of Stafford-, and also, the Branch of Road leading from Dixon's Green, in the Parish of Dudley, to or qear a Place called Bumb/ehole, in the said Parish of Dudley, arc inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House, upon the 4th Day of last And,

Mr. James Bourne and Mr. Joseph Harris informed your Committee, That, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notices of Application had been affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses, at the last General Quarter Sessions of the-Peace, for the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 4th Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution so much of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to repairing the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, in the County of Worceff ter, called " Tiie Pedmore and Holly Hall District," and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road, leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties oi Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Hully Hall, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Andrew Foley do prepare, and bring in, f he fame!.

A Message from the Lords; by Mr. and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers, of an1 Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Whift/e Bridge, in the Parish of Barwick, in the County of to the

Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the County of Dorset-, from the Cross in the Town of Maiden Newton to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of Dorset-, from Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of Broadwiitfto Lenham's Water,

in the Parish of Beaminster; from Bugler's Corner, in the Towm of Beaminster, to the Dorsetftdre Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe; and from the Town of to the

Western Turnpike Road near. in the said

County of Dorset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for velling certain settled Estates of Tony Elfton, late of Holbeach Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, Grazier, but now of WisbeachSaint Peter's, in the lile of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, Merchant, and Elizabeth his Wife,

The Lords have agreed to

Whittle Bridge and Charminster See. Roads BUh

The Lords have paired

E ill on's Estate Bill.

5 8 i? Mail. A. 1 798.

Wife, situate at Conner by, dnd in

the said County of Lin, in Trustees, in Tnift, to coftVey. the same to the Right honourable Lord Btpvmlow\ and for laying out the Purchase Money

in the Pufchafe of ot '.er Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Con currence of this House.

And then the MessengerS withdrew;

Bill f-»reaV'in _ Ordered, That Mr. William Dundasdo make the

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to reported. whom thd Bill, to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act to raise and embody " a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotlandwas committed *

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with -the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Quorum of Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Com-

Committoeon mittee appointed to examine the Matters contained in kriw.h the several Papers, which were presented to the House,

upon the 21st Day of February last, relative to the Distilleries indifferent Parts of Scotland.

BUI to pre- A Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limit-inche' nea c< ' an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign furement of of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses Coals ia Lon- in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Mea-don, commit- sure> withJn the City of , and the Liberties

thereof, and between 'Tower Dock and Limehouse in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

i Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aider-

man Curtis, the Lord Mayor of , &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Report on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into General further Consideration the Report which, upon the 24th Act !Pfiirther Day of April last, was made from the Committee, who coniukued. were appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain,

" amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the " general Laws, now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called " England, and for other Purposes;" and also an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act, so far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of Five Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Eight First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That this House doth agree with the Committee'in t,he said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth *

{Mr. Alderman 1 -

ington, > 41;

Mr; Alderman Combe: J

Tellers for ttie Noes, j "2 7' }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr.

Alderman Combe, and Mr Maiiiwaring, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Lom Bill, m Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for t>ortwl" railing the Sum of Seventeen Millions by Way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in grolfed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition from Rochdale Canal, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, in 1793, a Number of Persons panyfor

associated together, and entered into a Subscription,

for the Purpose of making a Navigable Canal from the tion.

Colder Navigation, near Halifax, in the County of York, to the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal near Matt-chester, in the County of Lancaster, and thereby effect ing a Navigable Communication between the East and West Seas, which it was conceived would be a Work of great Public Utility, and would prove an important National' Advantage; and that previous to applying to Parliament for an Act for granting the necessary Powers for carrying the said Design into Execution, the said Subscribers, in order to obviate the Opposition which might otherwise have been made thereto, on Account of the private Interests of the Individuals whose Lands were intended to be cut through, caused Treaties to be entered into with several of such Proprietors of Lands for the Purchase of the Lands which would be required to be taken, and that, amongst others, Application was made to Robert Parker, late-of Halifax aforesaid, Gentleman (since deceased), the Owner of an Estate through which the Canal was intended to pass, who was unwilling to fell such Part . of his Land as was wanted for the making of the said Canal, but, to accommodate the Concern, he consented to fell the whole Estate, and, as it was apprehended that the said Robert Parker's Opposition would be materially detrimental to the Undertaking, it was judged expedient on the Part of the Subscribers to accede to his Proposals, and a Contraft was accordingly entered into for the Purchase of the whole Estate, it being intended to fell again such Part thereof, as would not be wanted for the Purposes of making the said Canal; and that, in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was passed, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the-Calder Navigation, at or near Sozverby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County v of York, to join the Canal of the Duke of in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of

38 Geo. III. 2° Mali. c2

Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal, whereby it was eha&ed, that certain Persons therein named, and others, who should thereafter be possessed of Shares in the said Navigation, should be united into a Company, for the Purpose of making the said Canal and Cuts according to the Directions therein mentioned, and should be and becorpe a Body Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of " the Rochdale Canal," and by that Name should have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common Seal, and by that Name should sue and be sued, and ihpuld have Power and Authority to purchase Lands, and other Hereditaments, to them, their Supcessors, and Assigns, for making the said Canal and Cuts, and the several Works thereby authorized to be made, without incurring any of the Penalties or forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, and divers Powers and Authorities were thereby given to the Petitioners for effecting the Purposes aforesaid; and that they have undertaken the Execution of the Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said Act, and have made great Progress in the making of the said Canal; and that the Petitioners considered it incumbent on them to fulfil the ContraCl made with the said Robert , for the Purchase of the said Estate, and caused the stipulated Purchase Money to be paid to him; and, because they doubted the Propriety of taking a Conveyance, to tjhemselves as a Corporate Body, it was judged proper, that the Conveyance should be made to Two of their Members on their Behalf; and that accordingly, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the 24th and 25th Days of June 1795, the Release made between the said Robert Parker and Mary his Wife (also since deceased) of the one Part, and the Reverend George Travis, Archdeacon of the Archdeaconry of the Diocese of Chester, and John Hamer, of Rochdale aforesaid. Gen-

tleman, of the other Part, the said Robert , in consideration of the Sum of £. 7,035 to him therein mentioned to be paid by the said George Travis and John Hamer, granted and released to the said George Travis and John Hamer, their Heirs and Assigns, the Capital Messuage and Tenement, called Upper Rrearly Hall, ©therwife Bryerly Hall, and sundry other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein particularly mentioned, situate in the Parish of Halifax aforesaid, with the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to hold the same unto the said George Travis and John Hamer, their Heirs and Assigns, to the only proper- Ule and Behoof of the kid'George Travis and John Hamer, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, and that the said Sum of £. 7 035, the Consideration Money paid for the said Purchase, was the 'proper Money of the Petitioners, and the said Conveyance was made to the said George and John Hamer, as Trustees for, and on Behalf ofy 1 the Petitioners, although such Trull was not declared; and that the said George Travis. is since dead; and that it never was the Intention of the Petitioners to keep the Whole of the Ellate, so purchased of the said Robert Parker, but only to take so much thereof as was required for making the said Canal, and thenecessary Works and Conveniences thereof, in and through the said Estate, and to sell and dispose of the Remainder, to the Intent that the Money arising thereby might be applied towards -the completing of the said Canal, and that the said Canal hath nearly been made through the said Estate, and the Petitioners are now desirous of felling such Part of the said Estate as hath not, and shall not, be used or appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid, but Doubts have arisen, whether such Part of the said Estate as was not necessary for the making of the said Canal, and other Works and Conveniences authorized by the said ASt to be made, is not now become forfeited to the Crown by virtue of the Statutes or Laws of Mortmain; and that His Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify His Intention of waving all Benefit of the said Forfeiture, and all Claims in respect thereof, but it is Vot. 53.

doubted whether this can be effectually done, and whe-. ther such, and so much, of the said Lands and Hereditaments so purchased and conveyed as aforesaid as have, or hath not, been used, or shall not be used or appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid, can be fold and disposed of without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that the Petitioners are aware that the Time limited for presenting Petitions for bringing in Bills of a private Nature is elapsed, but that, the Matters Hated by the Petitioners having been for some Time under the Consideration of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Petitioners have been thereby prevented from complying with the Rules of the House with respect to the Time of presenting of Petitions of the Nature aforesaid; and that the Petitioners would incur great Loss, and be put to great Inconvenience, were their Application to the House to be deferred till the next Session: And therefore praying. That, on, Account of the special Circumstances of the Cafe, Leave may be given to the Petitioners now to present a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon certain Trulls therein to be declared, discharged from all Claims of the Crown, in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular , Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal,

Then a Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's' Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees,

and their Heirs, upon certain Trulls therein to be de. dared, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;' And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, >to the House; ,

- And it is referred: to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Black barne of Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power 40 fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

",) ' \

' Mr. Hobart, according to Order,'reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excile on Tea, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofleejt

kT The

Leave given *

Rochdale Canal Corn pany's Petition.

Tea DutyBilJ, reporttd,

Lofds

Amendment to Gifleham and Paketield Inciolure Bill, considered.

king's Content signified.

Amendment agreed to *

Committee oA Bill for making the Land Tax perpetual.

reported.

Committee of W ,> s and M ns.

530 2° Mai 1798.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Gijleham and Pakefieldt in the County of Suffolk.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 18. After " Lands" insert " And whereas " Charles Garneys, Esquire, is Lord " of the Manor of the said Pari flies:

" And whereas the King's Most " Excellent Majesty, in Right of " His Crown, is Patron of the " Rectory of and the

" Reverend George Clerk,

" is the present Incumbent thereof; and Robert Esquire,

" and George Ef-

" quire, are Patrons of the Rectory of and the Re-

" verend George Clerk,

" is Incumbent thereof."

And it appearing, by the said Amendment, that His Majesty's Interest is concerned therein;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed thereof, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House niay do therein as they shall think fit.

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendment made by the Lords, a'nd gave their Consent to the said Alteration;

The said Amendment was read a Second Time; and Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual, Ibbjeft to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobatt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.. . - .

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

5

Ordered, That the Account of Money paid by Re- ccountof ceivers General of the Land Tax to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England» on Account of the Men for the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, in pursuance of the Act 37 Geo. III. for railing Men for the red.

Army and Navy, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, tha>t they may' have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the: Third Billrefpeaiof Reading of the ingrafted Bill to continue and amend ens,p"a an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establish-

ing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this *

" Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the First Day of Augitff One thousand Eight hundred, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre-. font Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom,

" or resident therein, in certain Cafes."

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill . , to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for better dividing paired, the Militia into Regiments, Battalions, and Companies for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia and Supplementary Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; . j ~ The said Bill was read the Third Time,

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vit.

Pr. 4. 1. 13. After ‘♦who" to insert "may have accepted erf."

1. 15. After "Commission" to insert "or " Appointment."

I. 17. After "Commission" to insert "or " Appointment."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third House , Sc~. Reading of the ingrpfted Bill for repealing the Duties B, H *

on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on inhabited Houses,

and

3 8 Geo. III.

2 — 3

and on Clocks and Watches, and for gracing to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for Hopping up Windows in the Roofs of Houses.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for appointing Collectors within the Bills of Mortality. , '

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Commissioners, in Matters of Doubt, to fend Cafes to the Judges.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to‘be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. . ' ' ‘

The Amepdments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1, 26. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " no" in 1. 27.

1. 29. After " Light," to insert " which " shall be Hopped up after the passing of this Act," after " whereof to insert. that Part of," and x after "House" to insert "in which " such Window or Light shall "be"

I.36. After "consist" to insert "within " the Meaning of this Act."

Pr. 22. 1. 22. After " Authority" to insert " except it the Suit of the Landlord " for Rent."

Pr. 24. 1. 27. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " And" in 1. 33.

Pr. 29. 1. 16. After " Barons".to insert " or in any " of the Courts of , or

" in the Court of Sieflion, or Court , "of Exchequer in Scotland."

I.17. After " shall" to insert "at‘the Re-.

" quell of the Appellant or Ap-; " pellants." .

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the Hqule; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title' be. An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Win-, dows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on In-' habited Houses, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

\ .....

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, " and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of " Leather;"

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee. '

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

s lt Duty Bill. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, VOL. 53. ‘ ' ' ‘ ‘ '

Mail

531

Bill to amend Act concerning Tanners, See. deferred.

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act. " for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried- on " from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions " in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and Others, employed in the said Fisheries, " to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duty payable on Melasses imported into the Island of Newfoundland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions,; which they had directed him to report, when the will please to re-

ceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ' /

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a Moor, or Ttaft of Waste Ground, called ‘tweed-mouth and Spittal Common, and all other the Commonable

Lands and Grounds In the Chapelry of and County of 'Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. /:

" Ordered,' That the Report, which was Yesterday made

from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Seaiy, of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset,

Merchant, was referred, be taken into further Consideration To-morrow- Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. 1

yovts,30 Maii;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798. Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Confederation the Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire, and also, the Petition of George Vaughan, Warnef, and

Thomas Waring, On Behalf of themselves and others,

Electors

Committee on Act for En- . courageflbent of Fimcries.

Instruction *

TweedmoutF Inclosure Bill, committed *

Supply, deferred *

Further Confident ion of Report on Mr. Seoly's Petition, de« ferred.

Tewkesbury Election Petition conQdtty ed.

53$ 3° M 1798.

Electors of the Borough of Tewkesbury, complaining That the said Report be re-committed,

of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed, to being come; the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the Mf. John Pitt presented to the House, according to said Petitions. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and re- His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business Road leading from The May Pole, in the Town of of the House. . field, over Poynings Common, to the Townof

And he went accordingly. and from Poynitigs Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in

And being returned; the Parish of and from thence, for the Dif-

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One tance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading hundred and Eight Members being present; towards Twine ham, and from the Marie Pit near the

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar. Bottom of Saddlefcombe Hill, in the Parish of Newtim-And the Door of the House being locked; , to the Marie Pit fronting Broad Lane,

The Orders of the Day, for taking the said Peti- in the same Parish, in the County of Snfi'ex, and also tions into Consideration, were read. , for repairing and widening the Road from the End of

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading to the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glades, and wards unto Herrings in the Parish of

drawn and read in the usual Manner. Twineham, in the said County: And the same was re-

.And the Names of Ten Members, then present, were ceived; and read the FirltTime. drawn, who were not objected to That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And the.Name of Napier Chrjfiie Burton, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for Afl ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve-not serving on the said Committee, That, being a Major ral Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, General upon the Staff at Yarmouth, he conceived it Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and would be attended with material inconvenience to the Grounds, in the Parish of Sandy, in the County of Public Service if he was obliged to serve on the said Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Committee; and the Subllance of what was fb alledged Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title by him being taken down by the Clerk, and he having be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Pa-from serving on the said Committee. . rish of Sandy, in the County of Bedford.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Were drawn, who were not objected to Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And the Name of James Rooke, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving Mr. Wyndham reported from the Com-

on the said Committee, That, being a Lieutenant Ge- mittee, to whom the Bill to continue Two Acts, the one, neral on the Staff, commanding the Severn District, he ' passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his , conceived it would be attended With material Incon- late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An

venience to the Public Service if he was obliged to serve " Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was " from Lobcombe in the Parish of Winterfiow, to

so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and " Harnham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from he having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, u the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street, in the City of the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he " New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, was excused from serving on the said Committee. " and from thence to and aforesaid.

And the Names of Thirty-four other 'Members, " through Ower and Tefiwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in then present, were drawn, who were not objected to " the County of ," and the other, passed

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Names, the Names of Nine other Members, jesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of then present, were drawn, and set aside; Five the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, from the Romsey and Turnpike Road, near the

or upwards (before sworn); and‘Four on. Ac- House of Francis Fry, to and from a Place

count of having, in this Session, served on‘a called Hampton Ford, to Lamb's in the said

Select Committee. County of Southampton, and for repairing the Footways

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being within the said City, was committed; That the Corn-complete; mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Daniel found the same to be true; and that the Committee Parker Coke, Esquire; aind the Counsel for the Sitting had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Member nominated Charles Bragge, Esquire, to serve ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report on the said Committee. . ' to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being'delivered afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were and the Counsel and Agents withdrew. Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

by One; and, upon the Question severally put therer Report on Ordered, That the Order of, the Day, for taking into upon, were agreed to by the House.

Pttiti u re further Consideration the Report which, upon Tuesday . Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

lpecting the last, was made from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed.

Barkfre-com- Pet'tlon of Edward Sealy, of Bridgewater, in the

nutted. County of Somerset, Merchant, was referred, be' now - Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to read. Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

_ ' And the said Order being read accordingly; enlarging the Powers, of Two Afrs, of the Second and

And the House being informed that some further Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for amend-

Enquiry was necessary to be had, touching the Matter ing and widening the Road leading from Colley Gate, in

' of the said Petition; and from to Holly Hall, and other

Roads

1

Henfieltl and Brighthelmston R6ads Bill, present-cd.

Sandy InckK lure Bill, passed.

Lobcombe Corner and Harnham Bridge Road Bill, reported.

Pedmore and Holly Hall Roads Bill, presented

Loan Bill, passed.

Tea Duty Bill, passed.

Rochdale Ca-

pal Com-' pany's Petition, reported,

/ t

38 Geo. III. 30 Mail 533

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Parker's Opposition would be materially detrimental to Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road the Undertaking, it was judged expedient on the Part leading from Pedmoreto Holly Hall-, and for repairing of the Subscribers to accede to his Proposal ;and a Con-several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and tract was accordingly entered into for the Purchase of Stafford,: And the same was received; and read the the whole Estate, it being intended to fell again such

First Time. , Part thereof as would not be wanted for the Purposes

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of making the said Canal: Then,

An Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Reading of the Bill (now ingroli'ed) for raising the Sum " and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the of Seventeen Millions by Way of Annuities, be now " Navigation, at or near Bridge Wharf, in the

read. " Pari 111 of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County

And the said Order being read accordingly; " of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of

The said Bill was read the Third Time. te Bridgewater, in the Parish of Alan defer, in the County

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title , " Palatine of and also certain Cuts from the

be, An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions " said intended Canal,", was read; whereby it ap-by Way of Annuities. peared, that certain Persons therein named, and others,

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the who should thereafter be possessed of Shares in the said

Lords, and desire their Concurrence, Navigation, should be united into a Company for the

Purpose of making the said Canal and Cuts according Ordered, That the Order of the Pay, for the Third to the Diractions therein mentioned, and should be Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for granting to His and become a Body Corporate, by the Name of " The Majesty an additional Duty of Excite on Tea, be now " Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal," and read, , by that Name should have perpetual Succession, and

And the said Order being read accordingly; should have a Common Seal, and by that Name should

The said Bill was read the Third Time. sue and be sued, and lhoald have Power and Authority

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title topurchale Lands and other Hereditaments, to them, be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional their Successors, and Assigns, for making the said Canal Duty of Excise upon Tea, and for repealing so much and Cuts, and the several Works thereby authorized to of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as be made, without incurring any of the Penalties or For-charges a Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon Tea feitures of the Statutes of Mortmain: And, imported into, or fold in, Great Britain. The'Witness being further examined, said. That the

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Company have undertaken the Execution of the Powers Lords, and desire their Concurrence, and Authorities vested in them by the said Act, and

t ' have made great Progress in the making of the said Ca-

Mr. Blackbnme, of Lane of ire, reported from the Com- nal: That the Company considered it incumbent on mittee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Pro- them to fulfil the Contract made with prietots of the Rochdale Canal, was referred; That the for the Purchase of the said Estate, and caused the fli-Committee had examined, and found that the said Pcti- pulated Purchase Money to be paid to him; and be-tion is not within the Standing Orders of the House, cause they doubted the Propriety of taking a Convey-relative to Navigation Bins, it not being intended to ance to themselves as a Corporate Body, it was judged give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, proper that the Conveyance should be made to Tiyo of Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; their Members on their Behalf,

and that the Committee had examined the Matter of And it appeared, by certain Indentures of Lease and the said Petition, and had drafted him to report the Rekafe, produced to your Committee, bearing Date fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hotife; and fie respectively the 24th and 25th Days of 1795, the read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Release made between the said Robert Parker and Mary it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; his Wife (also since dead) of the one Part, and the and is as followeth; viz. Reverend George Travis, Archdeacon of the Arch-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. deaconry of the Diocete of Cinfer, and Hamer, ot John Elliott being examined, said, That in the Year 1793, Rochdale aforesaid, Gentleman, of the other Part, the aNumber of Persons act'oeiated together, wnd entered into said Robert Parker, in consideration of the Sum of a Subscription for the Purpose of making a Navigable £. 7,035, to be paid to him by the said George Travis Canal from the Calder Navigation near Halifax, in the and John Hamer, granted and released to the said George

County of York, to his Grace the Duke of Bridge- and their Heirs and Assigns, the ie-

nvatet'sGanal near Jelanchcfer, in the County of Lan- veral Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

cafer, and thereby effecting a Navigable Communication therein particularly mentioned and described, to hold between the East and West Seas; which, it uras conceiv- the same unto the said George Travis and John,

ed would be a Work of great Public Utility, and prove their Heirs and Assigns, to the only proper Use and Bean important National Advantage: That, previous to hoof of the said George Travis and John , they-applying to Parliament for an Act for granting the ne- Heirs and Assigns for ever: Then, ceflary Powers for carrying the said Detign into Execu- The Witness being further examined, said. That tlio tion, the said Subscribers, in order to obviate the Op- said Sum of £. 7,033, the Copsideration Money paid for position which might otherwise have been made thereto the said Purchase, w'as the proper Money of the said on Account of the private Interests of the Individuals Company, and that the said Conveyance was made whose Lands were intended to be cut through, caused to the said George Travis and Joint llamer, as Trustees Treaties to be entered into with several of such Propri- for the said Company, although such Trust was not etors of Lands, for the Purchase of the Lands w'hich declared; and that the said George Travis is fines Would be required to be taken; and that, amongst dead,

others, Application was made to Robert Parker, late of And being further examined, the Witness said. That Halifax aforesaid, Gentleman (since deceased) the Owner it never was the Intention of the said Company to keep of an Estate through which the Canal was intended to the Whole of the Estate fojpurchafed of the said _

pass, who was unwilling to fell such Part of his Land as Parker, but only to take lo much thereof as was re-was wanted for making the said Canal, but to accom- quired for the making of the said Canal, and the n,cef-modate the Concern, he consented to fell the whole Ef- fary Works and Conveniences thereof, in and through tate; and as it was apprehended that the said Robert the same Estate, and to fell the Remainder, to the In, vol. 53, $ y t&in

534 3 Mal 1798.

tent that the Money arifiDg thereby might be applied towards the completing of the said Canal.

And the Witness added, That the Company are now ' desirous of felling such Part of the said Ellate as hath not, and shall not, be used or appropriated for the Purposes of the said Canal; but Doubts have arisen whether such Part of the said Ellate as was not necessary for the making of the said Canal, and other Works authorized by the said Act to be made, is not now become forfeited to the Crown by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain.

Ordered, That the said Report he referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Hartington Mr. George Walpole presented to the House, accord- efcnte 11, 'n8 to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Har-tington, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Chilton Tri- Mr. Gore Langton presented to ,the House, according

don'&c!"!)! -- to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Com-vision and Al- . mons or Moors, called Chilton , otherwise Wild

wefauof Marsh, Pury Green, and Harp Common, and also for divid-

ing, regulating, and improving, certain Common Fields or G rounds, called Chilton Moor and Pury Moor, all situate . within the several Parishes of Chilton'trinity, Wemb-dott, Durley, and Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for calling Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ScotchMiUtia| Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable His Mapped. jesty to c .11 out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part " of the Kingdom of Great Britain called ," be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was re d the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise and embody a " Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland."

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Linlithgow An ingrossed Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-P iieU. ' fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieflon, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein, was read the Third Time,

The Amendment following was prdposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. I.28. After "Place" to insert " on the " Line of the Road hereinbefore " described."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

be, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-lecondand Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Mtycfty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieflon, in the County of , and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein.

Ordered, That Mr. salt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do make the Report from ReportonAa the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was {rafcment uf referred to consider of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Fisheries.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British " Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of " the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the " said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the " Fishing Season;" and who were instructed to consider of the Duty payable on Melasses imported into the Island of Newfoundland. '

Mr. Ryder accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had <lirested to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the fiime were read; and are as followeth; viz,.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum, or other Spirits, imported into the Island of Newfoundland, from any British Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum, or other Spirits, imported into the said Island, from any British Colony or Plantation in the West Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Melasses, the Produce or Manufacture of any of the British Colonies or Plantations, be permitted to be imported into the said Island without Payment of Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and " the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the " Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at " the End of the Fishing Season."

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions; And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Hobart dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the 9alt Duty BUI, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported, granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Report Ways and Means.

Railing Men for the Army and Navy.

The Lords. have agreed to

Leith Harbour

pill.

The Lofds have passed

Woodmafon's Pivorce $ill.

Baily's Ellate ?ilL

Tewkesbury Elect ion Committee appointed.

38 Geo. Ill,

3 °M

535

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read the Third X‘me , Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in grofled.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways' and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Sixty-two thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five Pounds and Ten Shillings, being the Amount of Money paid by the Receivers General of the Land Tax to (he Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, in pursuance of an A&>of the last Session of Parliament, for raising Men for the Army and Navy,

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. '

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of James Esquire,

with Mary Magdelain, his now Wife, late Mary Mag-delain Gdville, and for enabling him to marry again,' and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Ellate of Edward Seymour Baily, Esquire, and Phillis his Wife, in the County of , in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies thence arising in Discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the llefidue, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

1

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which Uft-mentioned Lift the Names of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and Charles Bra Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Lord Huntingfield, Sir John Dashwood King, baronet, Bryan Cooke, Esquire, Lord John Thyme, Sir Edward IVinningion, Baronet, Sir Robert Williams, Baronet, John Calvert, Juniqr, Esquire, the Honourable Andrew Foley, Francis Glanville, Esquire, George Sutton, Esquire, Inigo Freeman Thomas, Esquire, the Honourable Frederick Stuart, Henry Penniddocke Wyndham, Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, Charles Bragge, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire, and the Petition of George Vaughan, William Warner, and Thomas Waring, on Be-

Yot. 53:

half of themselves and others, Electors of the Borough of Tewkesbury, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Eiedlicns. '

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by ReP°crt' &c't His Majesty's Command, '; \ToulZ?

The Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry for the piueme<(.

Isle of Man, 1792: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Observations by Mr. one " of the Commissioners of Enquiry for the Isle of " A fan?

And the Titles of the said Report and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Report and Paper be referred Referred to c\ to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole CuIun‘"nee‘ House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report and Paper.

The said Report and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to Petition reia-whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ' *

are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of v lr.canton, Wincanton, in the County of Somerset, was referred; rePortc‘ That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three ' printed Newspapers,' called The Bath Chronicle, of the 29th of March and the 5th and 12th of April last, , were produced to your Committee; wherein Notices that an Application to Parliament having been rn de, for a Bill for paving (he footways within the Town of Winfanton, in the County of Somerset, a further Application was intended to be rpade foe Provision being made in the said Bill, for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages within the said Town of Wincanton, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions within the said Town, apd otherwise improving the same, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House upon the 15th Day of March last: Aqd,

Mr, George MeJfiter informed your Committee, That agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like No tice of Application had been affixed on the Poor of the Sessions House, at the last General Quarter JSessions of the Peace for the County of Somerset.

The House was movpd. That the Report which, upon the 14th Day of March last, was made from the Corpmittee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, (o whoip (he Petitions of the several Persons, whose Namefc are thereunto subscribed, relative to the Roads ne r the Town of Wincanton, and the paving of the Footways within the said Town, were referred, might be. agaiq read. 1 '

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill fqr paving the Footways within the Town of Winfant on, in the County of Somerset, That they do make Provision in the said' Bill for lighting and cleansing the Streets.

Lanes, and public Passages, within the said Town; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions within, and otherwise improving, the said Town.

Wn

Lu\ rc

in Proiccu-tions for Mif-d tin manors de-fcrrcd.

Northern

Li-jhthouses Bill, deterred.

Bill for encouraging the making of Models, Bulls, &c. committed.

Kensworth Inclosure Bill, committed.

Petition of Mellrs. Knipe and Edwards, against Alton bury Hill and Wansford Bridge, &c. Hoads Bi 1.

536 30 — 40 Mail. A. 1798.

The other Orders of the Day being read; land Owners and others under the Powers in the said

Resolved, That this House will, To-incrrow Morn- former Acts; and that very considerable Damage has ing, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, been done to the said Estate in Water in which

to consider further of the Bill to empower certain Courts the Petitioners are interested as aforesaid, and their to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Mif- Claims on the Trustees of the said Roads for such Da-demcanors, to be paid out of the County Stock. mages, to a great Amount, remain unsatisfied: And Ordered, That the Rill for incorporating the Com- therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them-millioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in selves, their Counsel, Solicitors, or Agents, before the the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be read a Second Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, and

Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V1 etieris, 40 die Maii;

Anno 3S0 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A BILL for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Calls of Bulls, and other Things therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir Henry Punlit Saint John Mildmay &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and allotting, with Powers to inclose, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Kensworth, in the County of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Pitt, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Edward Knipe, of in the County of Surrey, Esquire, and Samuel Edwards, of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, Gentleman, together with a certain printed Paper thereunto annexed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the " Term and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing " and amending that Part of the Iload leading from a " certain Place called The White on " in the County of Huntingdon, to Bridge, in

" the said County, called The North Division of the " North Road, and for repairing the Road leading from " Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City " of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton," and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, Eel-ward Knipe, is the Owner or Proprietor of the Lordship of Wat erNewton, in the County of Huntingdon,

and alto entitled to the Advowson of the Rectory; and the Petitioner, Samuel Edwards, is the Lessee of the said Lordship lor the Remainder of a long Term of Years; and that the Lid Bill is in many Rclpecfts defective, and more particularly in the Remedy given to the Land Owners and other Persons aggrieved by the Means of carrying the said Bill (when passed into a Law) into Execution, inasmuch as the said Bill, as /tow framed, is for the Repeal of all the former Acts relating to the said Road?, and confines the Remedy lor Damages done in lcarching for and getting Materials for the Repairs of the said Roads, merely from the Time of puffing the said Bill into a Law, and docs not provide any Remedy for Damages done to the 9

be allowed to insert such Clauses in the said Bill, and to make such Alterations and Amendments therein, as the Committee shall approve, and as will enable the Petitioners to obtain Satisfaction for the Damages they have sustained.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InHruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. 1

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Etlates entitled to Right of Common on Tweedm and Spittle Common, in the Parish of 'Tweedmouth, and County Palatine of Durham, or otherwise intcrelled in the said Common, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a Moor, or Traci of Waste Ground, called mouth and Spittal Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Chapelry of Tweedmouth, and County of Durham-, and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Provisions, and particularly a Clause respecting Encroachments made on the said Common, which are highly objectionable, and, if carried into Effect, would be prejudicial to the Rights and Intcrelts of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be hcaid, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an initruction to the said Committee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of certain Insolvent Debtors confined in His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Diltrcls, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Commoaable Pasture and Turbary Lands, and for exchanging and allotting the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and for Hinting and regulating the Hocking and depaHuring certain Droves, in the Village or Hamlet of Calcott, within the Parish of in

the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 23. After " Drove" to insert " Broad " Drove"

1. 23. After " have" to insert " or claim - "to have."

Pr. 5.

Petition of Owners of Estates against Tweedmouth. Incloi'ure Bill,

Fleet Debtors

Petition.

Catcott Division and Allotment BilJp passed.

38 Geo. Ill, 40 M " 537

Pr. 5. I.22. After Arbitrator" to insert - or " Umpire."

1. 34. To leave out " or." i. 35. After " Arbitrator" to insert " or " Umpire."

Pr. 6. 1. 10. , To leave out and."

1. 11. After " Arbitrator" to insert " and Umpire."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Pasture and Turbary Lands, and for exchanging, allotting, and fencing, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and for stinting and regulating the flocking and depasturing certain Droves, in the Village or Hamlet, of Catcowithin the Parish of -linch, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition for Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom Line of the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

6taintbrthand forth and KeadbyCanal Navigation was referred; That KeadbyCanal, the Committee had examined, and found that such reported. Part of the said Petition as comes within the Standing' Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, will not be proceeded upon, and that the other Part of the said Petition, on which it was intended to proceed, was not within the said Standing Orders, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re-. port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

and he read the Report. in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable (ianal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of

and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorny, in the said West Riding, was read: And,

George Broadrick, Esquire, Agent for the said Company, being examined, said. That the Company have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made great Progress in the said Canal and Cut, and other Works thereby directed to be performed, in which they have expended nearly the Whole of the Sum authorized by the said Act to be raised by Subscription amongst themselves, and- that by an Estimate lately made of the Expence of finishing and completing the said Canal and Cut, and the other necessary Works, it appears that a miich larger Sum will be wanted than they are empowered to raise by Mortgage, and that Doubts have ariien whether the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertaking can be compelled to contribute amongst themselves the Sum so wanted, according to their respective Shares and Proportions; and that some other Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act: And

Michael Pilley, an Engineer, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for , amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Ca-, nal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River , at or VoL. 53.

near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Col- < lateral Cut from the said Canal, to join the said River Dunn,'in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding: And that Mr. Ellison, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry and Mr. Piefrepont, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ellison presented to the House, according to Or- Doncaster der, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, pr° nfc'j' made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ‘ amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Done after to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the -First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to continue Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Hamham late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An Bridge Roads " Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading Bill, palled‘

" from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish of fVinterflow, to " Hamham Bridge, in the County of and from the West Corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the City of " New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook,

" and from thence to Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Teftwood, to Ealing aforesaid,

" in the County of Southampton;" and the other, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near

the House of Francis Pry, to Lvndhurst, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Cq/rner, in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing the Footways within the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the Parish " of Winterftow, to Hamham Bridge, in the County of

* Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Anne's Street,

" in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Land ford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing, and from " Land ford aforesaid, through Ower and Teftwood, to " Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton-," and the other, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis Fry, to, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing the Footways within the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting, in Seve- slircwton in-ralty, the Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, cl Je Bill» Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Com- pa c ' monable Places, within the Parish of Shrew ten, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be. An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the

Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Shrewton, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard to carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Mavis F.mier-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, j )In‘ ure the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and ic„uU.

6 X Other

TctbuiV and Malmt-mury &c. Roads Bill, presented.

Jfcoport on

Birmingham and Wo reciter -Canal Bill, further confi-' dered#

Ship Owners Bill, reported.

538 46 M 1798.

other ComfnOhaBle Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis Enderby, in the County of Lincoln: And the

Time was received; and read the First Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through , to

ham Bridge, in the County of , and from

bury to the Turnpike Road at or near Bottom,

in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to bury, and to the Turnpike Road at Turville, and also from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from ‘Tetburyto Bath, and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving, several other Roads communicating the rewith: And the fan)e was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion being made. That the Report, which, upon the 19th Day of AprilXiA, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, A An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable " Canal from, or from nfcar to, the Town of M ham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate " with the River Severn near to the City of was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the If ouse being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 23d Day of Aprillaft, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May i?94i

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being l'everally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several or them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Lushington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Masters of Ships, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Rickard Butler, Hieronimus Bur me. ster, and Cornelius Butler, of the City of London, Merchants and Partners, under the Firm of Richard Buller and Company; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Masters of Sloops and Vessels navigated in the Tideway of the Rivers Humber, Trent, and Ouze, to and from the Port of Hull; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Masters of Trows and Vessels re-liding at and near Stourport, in the Port of Gloucester, and navigating in the Tideway of the River Severn to and from the Port of Bristol; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Masters of Trows and Vessels residing at or near the Port of Gloucester, and navigating in the Tideway of the River Severn to and from the Ports of Gloucester, Bristol, Chepstow, &C,; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Masters of Trows and Vessels at or near the City of Worcester, and navigating in the Tideway of the River Severn to and from the Ports of Gloucester, Bristol, Chepstow, &c.; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, ami Shippers, of Goods, and others interested in the Exports and

7

Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of Warrington; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Shippers, of Goods, and others interested in the Exports and Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stock; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Shippers, of Goods, and others interested in the Exports and Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of Rochdale; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Shippers, of Goods, and others interested in the Exports and Imports of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Masters of Trows, Barges, and other Vessels, of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, navigating on the River Severn to and from the Port of Bristol, and to and from the Borough of Bewdley aforesaid; and also, the Petition of the Perl'ons there-undersigned, resident in the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, and the Borough of bury, in the County of Gloucester, Owners of Trows and Barges navigated on the River Severn, to and from the Port of Bristol, and to and from Evesham and Tewkesbury respectively; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Masters of Sloops and Vessels navigated in the Tideway of the Rivers Humber, Trent, and Ouze, to "and from the Port of Hull; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Masters of Sloops and Vessels navigating in the Tideway of the Rivers Humber, Trent, Ouze, and Dunn, to and from the City of Lincoln, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had heard Counsel in Support of the First, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth-mentioned Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered \he Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

1

Mr. Alderman Lushington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, " amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the " general Laws, now in being, for regulating the " Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called " England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Weights thereby limited to be carried or drawn on Turnpike Roads in Waggons and Carts having the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches and Nine Inches, and for the better regulating of Weighing Engines erected on the different Turnpike Roads within a certain Distance of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of tham Bridge and Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were empowered to build a Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northbm, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and to make Roads to communicate therewith; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but find it expedient and necessary that the same should be altered and amended,

to

Bill to amend

General Turnpike Act, presented.

Petition for Leave to present a Petition to amend Northam Bridge Act,

t

Xeave given.

Northam Bridge Petition.

"Wincanton Taving Bill, prei'ented.

Committee on Report of Rochdale Canal Company's Petition.

reported.

38 Geo. III.

40 Mali.

539

to enable them effectually to carry Into Execution the beneficial Purposes thereby intended; and that the Petitioners, not having a Common Seal then prepared, directed their Clerk to prepare a Petition to the House, and to sign the same in their Name, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, but the said Petition, being offered to be prei'ented to the House on the 22d Day of February last, could not be received, as it had not the Seal of the Company affixed thereto; and that the Petitioners have, since that Time, caused a Common Seal to be provided, pursuant to the Power given them by the said Act, but which could not be done before the Period fixed by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills had elapsed; and that it is of great Consequence to the Public, as well as to the Petitioners, that the said Bridge should be built, and the said lioads completed, as soon as possible: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition, in the present Session, for Leave to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner as to the House Ih ll appear necessary and expedient.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Company of Proprietors of Northam Bridge and Roads.

Then a Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Northam Bridge and Roads was prei'ented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall appear necessary and expedient. \

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Henry Mr.

Amy at t, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

y 1

Mr. Gore Langton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving the Footways, and for deanfing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of IVincanlon, in the County of Somerset, and for re-

moving and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House rel'olved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That he ,was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee, to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees and their Heirs, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned, dii'ei.arged from all Claims of the Crown, in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the

VOL. 53.

Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain.

And Mr. John Smyth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. B/ackburne, of and

Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring In, the fame.

Bill ordered.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, Report on

to whom the several Papers, which were presented to p bn-the House upon the 21st Day of March last, by Mr. ers of War. fVhitehead, from the Transport Board, and by Mr.

Stewart, from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, respecting the Treatment of Prisoners of War, were referred, and who were directed to examine the Matters thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined'accordingly, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in atYhe Clerk's Table;

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;'

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments, following were severally propefed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 24. After " of" to insert " or Dealers

Salt Duty Bill, passed.

" in."

1. 31. After " Makers" to insert " or Dealers."

And the said Amendments were, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the

" due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and " Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates " to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the " City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within " the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles " of The Royal Exchange," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and 'within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and, within Ten Miles of The Royal Exchange; And that the Lord Mayor of London,

Mr,

Bill to amend Act for making Bread in London, ordered.

540

Man.

A. 1798.

Mr. Alderman Comity Mr. Alderman and

Mr. Alderman Curtis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Acccferrt of The House being informed that Mr. Hunter, from i g'Airessed' e 0®" for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door j Taxes, pre- he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the iented. House, pursuant to their Order,

x An Account of the Names of Persons paying Aflef-

,fed Taxes, in Clafies.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bir. to amend Mr . John'Smyth, according to Order, reported from

veruing the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill pence at Elec- to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh dons, report- Year of Vhe Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament," was recommitted, th£ Amendments which the Committee hid made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were OnCe read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally.pnt thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Ordered That the said Bill be read the Third Tim! upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members being then found to be present;

Resolved-, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The, House being informed that' Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at indkCom-the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented p»ny's to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of &c" Presente<l Parliament,

Annual Account made up to the ill Day of March 1798, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great , under

the several Heads thereof, together with an Estimate of the fajne for the Current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contraft Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of the Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the >

Company in Great Britain, and afloat.

Mr. Owen also-presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, "Information submitted to the " Honourable House of Commons relative to their " Order of the 26th of April 1798."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

House re-" Resolved, That this Hoilfe will, at the Riling of the joumtoMon ou e Day adjourn till Monday Morhingnext.

day.

Committee on A Motion being made. That Leave be given to Motion for bring in a Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the the TratHiig Coast of Africa, within certain Limits; for slaves. Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately-, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Simeon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Simeon reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, repoirnl- Mr. Simeon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move . the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits.

And Mr. Simeon moved the House accordingly. b:u ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits: And that Mr. Simeon, Mr.

Thor, non, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. William Smith, do

prepare; and bring in, the fame.

iiTtor u" The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regu-°tlating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in Si.ivts. Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolbeu took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gen- Member add-tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, wansford3 m a Bill for continuing and amending Three Acts, passed Bridge and in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the "l.°p;il Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross, in the Town of Bourn, in the same County, and front! the North End of the Bridge to Scot Gate, both in Stamford aforesaid.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for continuing and amending Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross, in the Town of Bourn, in the same County, and from the North End of the Bridge to Scot Gate, both in Stamford aforesaid: And the same was re- ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Air. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next,

Ten of the Clock.

I.un,

Kochdale Canal Company i Bill, presented.

Bishop of London's and Grand Junction Canal Agreement Bill, committed.

Pedmore and Holly Hail Roads Bill, ' committed.

38 Geo. III. . f Mail

54i

Lunce, 7" Mait\

Anno 38 Georgii III"' Regis, 1798. . Prayers.

MR. B'ac-kbnrne, of Lan, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Truiiees, and their Heirs, upon certain Trulls therein mentioned, dif-cl arged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secopd Time.

A Bill for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Beilby Lord Bishop ol Thomas Wood,

Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope, Esquire, Sir John Morjhe Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robe Esquire,

and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand JunflionCanal, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Titne.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, Mr. Bur don, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.'

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore to holly and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same reiate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly hall-, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hufjey, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Henfield amt passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His Jto'f Road" present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Bill, commit, leading from The May Pole, in the Town of Henfield, ud-over Poynings Common, to the Town of

and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, iii the Parish of AI bourne, and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, and from the Marie Pit near the Bottom of Saddlefcombe Hill, in the Parish of ber, to the Marie Pit fronting Hen:timber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of and also for

repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham unto Herrings Clappers, in the Parish of Twine-ham, in the said County, was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr John Pitt, Mr . Dickinson,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Rep ort on the 24th Day of April ialt, was made from the Com- ®‘eath°Cj mittee, to whom the Bill for extending the Neath Ca- Act. an nal Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to he upon the Table, be now taken into further Conlkleration; .

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were de- ' livered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 26th Day of April last, pursuant' to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded, to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being feyerally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hartington A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and committed'11' Pcn Fields, Melne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Lord George AugufiusHorry See.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gentle-it.Aibai" m men> who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Rates Bill. to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, to raise Money, by Rates, or otherwise, for the better and more effectual discharging Annuities heretofore granted to certain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Bill presented. Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers of the J oor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of in

the County of Hertford, to raise Money, by Rates, or otherwise, for the better and more effectual discharging Annuities heretofore granted to certainPerlons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tima *

VoL.,53.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the wilbirrton Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- paald? mon Pallures, Commonable Lands, and Waile Grounds, in the Parish of Wilbarfton, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing tile Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wilbarflon, in the County of Northampton.;

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, Petition from Commissioners of Supply, and other Proprietors of the "aTaxupou County of Dumbarton, was presented to the House, and Rea) ami Fur-read j Setting forth, That, at a Period when our Country fonal i-itates, is threatened with Invasion by an inveterate Enemy, it is with peculiar Satisfaction the Petitioners have cb-served the many generous Efforts, in every Corner of the Kingdom, to llrengthen the Hands of Government by Voluntary Contributions; but, as these mull necessarily be very uncertain in their Extent, and liable to many Disadvantages, from which a regular Tax impoleJ by the Legislature is free, the Petitioners are decidedly of Opinion, that a 'mbre efficient Measure should be . adopted-at the present Juncture, in order to raile in future, as far as practicable, the necessary Supplies within the Year, without any Loan: Such Exertion would convince our Enemies of the Dil, Wealth, and liefources of Great Britain, and how unfounded is

6 Y their

542 7 Maii. . A. 1798.

their vam Boast of Conquering her by the Increase of of March One thousand seven hundred and Ninety-Public Debt; and that, owing to the Uncertainty of eight, and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Income in a Commercial and Manufacturing Country, Causes; and for permitting Appeals tobe prosecutedafter a direct Tax upon every Kind of Property or Stock, Real such Time shall have elapsed, in such special Causes as and Peribnal, appears to the Petitioners the onlyMeafure His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize; which can be rel'orted to for accomplishing, with Effect An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-tend Equality, so desirable an Object; and the Petitioners seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, hclitate not to say, that a very small Rate thereon " An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation (which, considered merely as a Premium of Insurance " of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the for securing the Remainder, could not be deemed griev- Ports of Kingston, Savannah la , Montego Bay, and ous or oppressive) would, raise the requisite Sum with 11 Santa Lucea, in the liland of Jamaica, in the Port of more Ease to Individuals, Corporations, or other Socie- Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of ‘ties, possessed of Property, than any other Mode which u Rofean in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of can be devised: The Petitioners are aware that many NaJJiau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Objections and Difficulties may occur, and some In- " Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Reconveniences be felt, in carrying into Effect a Plan of " strictions:"

this Nature — But this is no Time for such secondary An Act to vary the Line of the Kemet and Avon Considerations to have much Weight, the Petitioners Canal, authorized to be made by Two Acts, passed in mutt feel such Inconveniences, in common with their the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign Fellow Subjects, and they are prepared to meet them,' of His present Majesty, and also to ext6nd the Powers and even much greater, with that Firmness and Forti- of, and to amend, the said Acts: tude, so essential to a high-spirited, a great, and a braife An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Nation, when its Independence, and every Thing valu- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging able in Life, is at stake; The Petitioners do therefore and improving the Harbour of Leith: ' ,

earnestly pray the House, to take their Petition into fe- An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, fious Conlkleration, and that a Bill may be brought in- and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Pur-to Parliament to impole a direct Tax, equal to the new pose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, ori-Exigencies of the Country, upon Real and Personal Ef- ginally established under an Act, passed in the Thir-tate, of whatever Kind, within Great Britain, and to con- teenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which i» tinue the same in Force, if necessary, during the Exist- now expired:

ence of the present War with Fiance, and to come in An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and Jieu of the new Also tied Taxes. from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta- Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two ble. Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first Years

of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and rc-The Lord A Message from the L-ords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. pairing the Road from the City of by Muir-

have agreed to Graves. kirk, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and other

Mr.Speaker, Roads communicating the rewith,' and the Road from

Loan Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Village of and New Bridge of Glasgow, by

for raffing the Sum of Seventeen Millions by Way of the Chapel of till it joins the Road from

Annuities; without any Amendment. Hamilton, by Eurobank, towards in the Coun-

And then the Meffongers withdrew. ty of Renfrew, and for building a Bridge over the River

at or

Royal A (Tent A Message by Sir Francis Molyneuxs Gentleman An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads

toBUU. Ulher of the Black Rod: in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth:

Mr. Speaker, An Act for making a new Road or Street from Free *

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's school Street, Southwark, to Dockkead, and from thence, Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several through Hickman's Court, otherwise Rose Court, to Lilli-Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imrue- put Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey; and for enlarging, for1 the diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up and Powers of Three Acts, piaffed in the Twenty-second to the House of Peers. Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and

And being returned; in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of His present

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's. Southwark, to and through the several Places therein Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of mentioned, and for repairing the fame, and other Roads Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was adjoining:

read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and to the several Public and Private Bills therein men- from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-tioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the liament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of fork. Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the of Canterbury, the lx)rd High Chancellor of Great Britain, West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop Road from Huddersfield to Penifione: of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Britain, and the Earl of Chesterfield, named also in the near Dinwoodi/Green, in the County of to or

said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the near in the County of Lanark:

Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as fol- An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from loweth; viz. thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

An Act for raffing the Sum of Seventeen Millions ment, the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, by Way of Annuities: passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-

An Act for declaring the Validity of Two Orders in font Majesty, for repairing the Roads from fVhifile Council, dated the Sixth Day of August One thousand Bridge, in the Parish of Barwtck, in the County of Seven hundred and Ninety-four, and the Thirtieth Day to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of

5 mtnfiesTj,

38 Geo. III.

78 Mail

543

minster, in the county of ; from the Cross in the

Town of Maiden Newton to a Stream of Water in the Parish of South Perrott, in the County of from

Furze Moor Gate, in the Parish of

ham's Water, in the Parish of Beaminster-, from Bugler's Corner, in the Town of Beaminster, to the Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe-, and from the Town of Frampton to the Western Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said County of Dorset:

An Act to enable George , Esquire, a Lunatic, or his Committee, to execute Conveyances, Surren-' dels, and Assignments, of such of the Estates devised by the Will of William Pejcod, Esquire, deceased, in Trust, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, as are, or shall be, fold under the Decree of the High Court of Chancery:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stanton, in the County of Suffolk: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes of Medstead and Bentworth, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Reydon, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bradford Peyer ell, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Rockbome, in the County of Southampton, and IVichbury, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Gijleham and in the County, of

Suffolk.

Bill for mak- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into TMtper d frtfther Consideration the Report from the Committee tual, deMned. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein Rated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon We Morning next.

Mr. Dhkinson reported from the Committee, to whom Rc-commiN the Report Was re-committed, which was made from Mr. sSys°a the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Petition, r -Sealy, of Bridgewater, in the County of Pone<i *

Merchant, was referred; That the Committee had further examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re-

£»rt in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the lerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Patent granted to George Hawkes, of Long Fleet, in the County of Dorset, Tanner, bearing Date the 2d Day of June 1795, for the Term of Fourteen Years from the Date thereof, for the sole Use and Benefit of his Discovery or Invention of Tanning Leather with Elm Bark, and also the Specification and Description thereof, and also the Assignment thereof to the Petitioner, were severally produced, and read:

And,

Mr. Joseph Gutheridge being examined, said. That prior to such Assignment, and in consequence of an Intercourse between, the Petitioner and certain Persons of Eminence in the Tanning Trade, numerous Experiments were made, with the Consent and under the Direction of the Petitioner, to enable them to determine with Certainty how far Elm Bark might prove a Substitute for Oak Bark.

Mr. Samuel Beddome then confirmed the above Evidence of Mr. Gutheridge.

Mr. James Warne being then examined, said, That from the Result of the said Experiments, the Persons who made them convened a General Meeting of the Tanners, submitted Parts of the Leather so tanned, with a particular Account of the Experiments, to their , Examination, stated it to be their Opinion, that the Leather so tanned with Elm Bark was nearly, equal in Gobdness to what was theretofore tanned with Oak Bark} and further Rated, that Elm Bark would prove a Substitute for Oak Bark, assist the Manufacturer, be the Means of preserving Oak Timber, and of increasing the Public Revenue: That the Tanners assembled at

the said Meeting were satisfied that the Leather tanned with Elm Bark was firm, durable, and good, and that great Advantages would accrue to the Public from the general Use thereof.

Mr. Samuel Purkis, Mr. Peter Duncan, Mr. Robert Wyatt, and Mr. Samuel Beddome, confirmed the fore-

iing Evidence of Mr. Gutheridge.

Bailr Eftatf RU, rod.

Chilton Trinity, Wemb-don, See. Di-vision and AW lotxnent IJill, comxxuttc

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edward Seymour Baily, Esquire, and Phillis his Wife, io the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the tyonies thence arising in Discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Commons, or Moors, called Chilton Common, otherwise Wild Marsh, Pttry Green, and Harp Common, and also for dividing, regulating, and improving, certain Common Fields or Grounds, called Chilton Moor and Pury Moor, all situate within the several Parishes of Chilton Trinity, Wembdon, Durley, and in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Jon, Mr. Gore Largton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 53.

going

Mr. Gutheridge being then further examined, he was aiked, Whether, in the Opinion he had given in Favour of Mr, Sealy's Discovery of the Use of Elm Bark in Tanning Leather, he was guided by Experiments he had made himself? he said. The Experiments were conducted under the Direction and Superintendence of Mr. Beddome and himself; in which Experiments Elm

Bark only was used, except that the first Woozes were prepared from Oak Bark, not from any Doubt of tho Success of Elm Bark in this Respect, but for Want of a sufficient Quantity: In Addition to these Experi-

ments, they tanned between Five and Six hundred Horse Hides wholly with Elm Bark, which Hides were good and serviceable Leather (a Specimen of which was produced to your Committee); but, convinced from former Experiments of the Advantages to be derived from the Use of Elm Bark, no particular Account was kept of the Weight of the Hides, or the Quantity of Bark used. Being asked. If he thought that the Use of Elm Bark will be of Advantage in Tanning ? he said. Elm Bark will be certainly advantageous in Tanning of Leather, as it will help to supply the Want of Oak Bark, which is become lcarce and dear; but he does not fey, that the Leather manufactured with Elm Bark will in every Respect be as good as that tanned with, Oak Bark; {rat it will be good, durable, and

marketable

v

544 7° Mali. A. 1798.

marketable Leather; and when, from longer Experience, its Nature and Properties will be better known, it is probable that the Leather will be further improved. Being asked. Is the Weight of the Leather, when tanned, a sufficient Criterion of its Goodness? lie laid, The Weight of the Sole Leather, when tanned, is, cruris paribus, a Criterion of its Solidity, and Solidity is the first Excellence of Sole Leather; with respect to Calf Skins, and all Upper Leather, it is an Argument in its Favour, but not to be wholly relied on. Being asked. If any Leather tanned with Elm Bark has been made into Boots or Shoes, or other Articles ? the Witness referred to Mr. and Mr:

Duncan; and Mr. IVyatt being present, produced some Leather tanned with Elm Bark, which he thinks as good as Leather wholly tanned with Oak Bark, and he should not have known whether it was so or not.

Mr. Duncan being also present, laid, That Shoemakers have, used it, and have declared that they thought it equal to that tanned with Oak Bark, and should not have known it had been tanned with Elm Bark if they had not been told of it.

Mr. Richard Norcott,a Mailer Shoemaker, who does his own Work, was asked. Whether he had worked up any of the Leather tanned with Him Bark? he said. Yes, he had made Six or Eight Pair of-Soles of it. Being asked, If it is nearly as good as that.tanned with Oak Bark ? he said. Yes, the only Fault he had found with Slices, of which the Soles were made of it, was, that the Upper Leathers, which were tanned with Oak, wore away before the Soles. Being asked. If he should have known the Difference ? he laid. No, it worked full as well. , -

Mr. Joseph Graves, also a Mailer Shoemaker, who does his own Work, was asked, Whether he had worked up any of the Leather tanned with Elm Bark? he laid, He had i'oled and heeled Shoes with it. Being asked; If it is nearly as good as that tanned with Oak Bark ? he said. Equally good. Being asked. If he should have known the Difference? he laid, Only by the Colour.

Then both the last mentioned Witnesses being lliewn a Piece of Sole Leather, tanned with Elm Bark, they were asked. Whether it was as good as it tanned with Oak Bark? to which they laid. Yes; they should never wish to work up better Leather.

Mr. Gutheridge then said. That he has tried some of the Leather tanned with Elm Bark in the W ear, and thinks it nearly equal to any other Leather; and that he having gone into his Warehouse to search for some Skins which had been tanned with Elm Bark, and which were mixed with Skins tanned with Oak, he found it impracticable to feleCl them without the Assistance of the Workman, by whom they had been marked with a private Mark.

Mr. Gutheridge being further examined, was asked. Whether he conceived the Use of Elm Bark would contribute either to lower the present Price of tanned Leather, or to prevent its rising? he said, Should the Use of Elm Bark become general, an additional Quantity of the Raw Material will be manufactured, which will probably tend to lower the.Price of Leather; the Trade can generally obtain a greater Quantity of the Raw Material than they can get Bark to manufacture. Being asked. Whether the Exportation of Leather tanned with Elm Bark might not hyrt the Reputation of the English Leather in Foreign Markets? he Paid, The Leather tanned with Elm Bark will be so nearly equal to the Leather tanned with Oak, that he conceives no Injury can arise therefrom. Being asked, What Ulc is now made of Elm Bark? he said. No Use is now made of it. Being asked, What has been the Average Price of Oak Bark for Six Years pad? he said. About 5 1 or. a Load of Match, or Two Tons and a Quarter in . W eight, delivered in London..; Being asked, ‘What Price he paid for the Elm Bark used in these, Experiments? lie said. Part of the Bark used in these Experi-

- t '

V

ments was sent for the Purpose from in

Somersetshire, by Mr. Scaly, the Patentee, and the Re-

mainder was procured at Eight Guineas a Load; but its Price in future will depend on the Demand, and on. local Situation and Circumstances. Being asked, If he made use of Sait in tanning with Oak Bark, and if so, ip what Proportion? he laid, Salt is not used in tanning with Oak Bark. Being asked, Whether he made use of Salt in the Experiments with Elm Bark, and if so, in what Proportion ? he said. All the Experiments were made by the Direction of Mr. Sealy, the Proprietor of the Patent for tanring with Elm Bark; Two Pounds were used for every Hundred Weight of thin Leather, and Four Pounds for Sole Leather, and in One of the Experiments with Elm Bark, no Salt was used. Being asked, What Quantity of Bark is uled in tanning in England, on an Average, Annually ? he said, That is estimated from the Quantity o£Leather tanned; he imagines it to be about 70,000 Tons Annually. Being asked. What Quantity of Elm Bark does he imagine might be procured? he laid, When the Value of Elm Bark becomes generally known, and the Use of it authorized by a Repeal of the Clause in the ACk of the First of King-y wer the First, it is probable that Elm Timber will in future be cut, down at the Spring of the Year, when the Bark may be stripped:. It is difficult to say what Quantity may be procured; but as in many Counties of t Kim Timber is

much more abundant than the Oak, it will doubtless furnish a very considerable Supply. It has been lug-gefted, that ltripping the Bark from- Elm may be prejudicial to the Timber, but lie has Reason to believe that this Opinion is ill founded, or at lead can only apply to the lmaller Kind of 'limber, which is used for boring for Pumps and Pipes for W aterworks. Being asked? What Quantity of Leather may'be tanned with a Ton of Oak Bark, what Quantity with a Ton of Elm Bark, and what Quantity with a Mixture of both? he said, A Ton of Oak Bark will tau from Four to Ijive hundred Weight of Leather, according to the Quality of the Bark and the Species of Leather, and by an Experiment made with about Two Thirds of Elm Bark, it appears that a Ton of Elm Bark will produce nearly the same Weight of Leather, and, however mixed, the Relult will be proportionate. Being asked, What Proportion does the Value of Bark, according to the present Price, bear to the whole Expence of manufacturing Leather? he said. According to the present Price, the Value of the Bark used in tanning of Leather in general, is about Six Tenths of the whole Expence of manufacturing. Being asked. If Bark could be had in greater Abundance, could there be procured, and would there be tanned a greater Number of Hides and Skins? he said, Unquestionably a greater Quantity of the Raw Material would be imported and tanned. Being asked, Whether a greater Importation of Raw Hides and Skins would tend to lower the Price of Leather? lie laid. As it would increase the Supply without increasing the Demand, it is reasonable to conclude that the Price would thereby be' reduced. Being asked, Whether the general Use or Elm Bark will not benefit the Leather Manufacture in Ireland ?he said, The Use of Elm Bark in this Count ry will, independent of the Quantity which Ireland itself may afford, insure a greater Supply both of Oak and Elm Bark for the Irish Market, to which a considerable Quantity of our Bark is Annually exported. Duty free, and of course the Tanners in Ireland will partake of the same Advantages as the Tanners in England. Being asked, Whether there is any Quantity or Store of Oak Bark at present in the Kingdom, more than at any former Period ? he fjid, The great Demands for Oak-Timber for the Use of the Navy, during the last Three or Four Years, and the Exportation of Bark to the North of Ireland having last Year materially decreased, owing to the Disturbances in that Part of the Country,

4 have

8 Geo. III. 70 Mail

545

have occasioned the Quantity of Bark now on Hand to be more considerable than it was a few Years ago, when Bark could scarcely be procured at any Price; yet it bears no Proportion to the Quantity formerly kept in Store by the Timber Merchant and the Manufacturer; and as the Fall of Timber this Year is expected to be rather.inconsiderable, the Stock of Bark now on Hand, together with the new Supply, will, it is feared, be inadequate to the Demand of the Manufacture. Being asked, Whether he has tried other Things besides Elm Bark ? he said. He has tried various Articles that might be used, but found nothing equal to Elm Bark. Being asked. Whether any Experiments have been made upon the Leather tanned with Elm Bark, in the common Purposes of Hamels, Saddles, or in general Wear? he laid, No Leather has been manufactured for the Purpose of Hamel's, the Experiments have only been Sole and Upper Leather.

Mr. Beddome, Mr. Warm, and Mr. confirmed

the above Evidence of Mr. G

And Mr. Duncan further said, That he is ready to give the same Price for Leather tanned with Elm Bark as with Oak Bark.

Mr. Gutheridge being further examined, was asked,

Whether the Tanning Trade in general will have any Reason to be dissatisfied with the Establishment of Mr. Hawkes's Patent? he said. If Parliament had thought fit to give the Patentee a Remuneration for introducing the Use of Elm Bark,'it appeared to him that this would have been the moll eligible Mode of Compensation, as the Use of the Article will, in his Judgment, prove of National Advantage, both as it respects the Revenue and the Public. Speaking for himself, nd for other Manufacturers, perhaps they might be justified in saying, " Give us a Benefit, and take nothing for it;' but, on the Ground of Equity, they think that no Manufacturer, who is inclined to use the Article, ought to object to paying to the Patentee a final 1 Compensation for a Licence. Being asked. What Security is there that the Patentee will grant such a Licence for a moderate Compensation ? he said, The belt of all Securities, the interest of the Patentee, which would lead him to grant a Licence for a small Sum, in order to induce a more general Use of the Article. Being asked. If the Patentee were obliged to grant a Licence for a Sum not less than One Guinea, nor more than Ten Guineas Annually, would the Security then be more complete and satisfactory to the Trade? he said, He apprehended it would. Being asked. If he thought that will afford a Prospect for a fair Remuneration to the Patentee? he said, This will depend on the Judgment the Public will form of it.

Mr. Beddome, Mr. Warm, and Mr. Purkis confirmed the above Evidence of Mr. Gutheridge.

Mr. Seafy, the Petitioner and Patentee, was then asked, For what Sum he should be willing to grant Annual Licences? he said, He should be willing to grant Licences at from One Guinea to Ten Guineas for each Licence; but he begged Leave to observe, that Three Years of the Term of the Patent is now expired, and he has'not as yet reaped any Advantage therefrom; and that, should it hereafter appear that the Advantages arising to the Public should be of great Importance, and that the Benefits derived to the Patentee should not amount to a reasonable Remuneration, he humbly hopes that the Circumstances of his then Situation will be favourably considered.

Upon the Whole, Your Committee have come to the following llesolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That good, durable, and firm Leather may be made, if tanned with Elm Bark only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the legalizing of the Use of Elm Bark will be of great National Benefit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vol. 53.

That Mr. Sealy, who is now interested in the Patent mentioned in the said Report, is deserving of a Confirmation of his Rights under the said Patent.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House,. Rill to amend according to Order, a Bill for amending an AT, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An A<fl London, &c.

" to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in Presentedthe Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and " Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same " relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be " fold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof,

" and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and " within Ten Miles of The Royal ExchangeAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Calvert, Junior, from the Scledl Committee, Tewkesbury who were appointed to try and determine the Merits Election, de-of the Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire; and also, the teimme Petition of George Vaughan, William Warner, and Tho-

ve as Waring, on Behalf of themselves and others, Elcflors of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Christopher Codrington, Esquire, is duly deified a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

And also. That the said Selefit Committee have determined,

That the Petition of Peter Moore, Esquire, didap-pear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of George Vaughan, William and Thomas Waring, on Behalf of themselves and others, Ele<5lors of the Borough of Teivkefoury, in the County of Gloucester, did appear to the said SeleA Committee to be frivolous and vexatious.

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said Clirifopher Codrington,

Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And Ihe said Determinations were ordered to be en- tered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Committee an Edimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made appointed to to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of ite ot ai-' Peace. lowances to

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. ot‘

Mr. E/ford, he.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon order for Friday last, for printing the Report, which was made printing Re-

f J, r. °, ,-, 1, post on Pa-

from the Committee, to whom the several Papers, renri.ig which were presented to the House upon the 2ill Day t Prii'oners of March lad, by Mr. Whitehead, from the Transport hud

Board, and by Mr. Stewart, from the Commissioners for Report rc-Sick and Wounded Seamen, respecting the Treatment tcm"uUvJ-

6 of

S;:t'.on Vcny Division and Allotment Kill, committed.

Bill relating to Qualification oi Commissioners of Land lax, reported.

National Debt B.li, pre-feiiUil.

Coer rah tee on l uj»»,rs rc-the

I lie ot M.»n, 4>Uir< d.

546 7° Maii, 1798.

of Prisoners of War, were referred, and who were directed to examine the Matters thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the House being informed by the Chairman of the said Committee, that it would be proper to make fume Alterations in the said Report, and some Additions thereto;

Ordered, That the Order for printing the said Report be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the said Committee.

A Bill for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Veny, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bttrdon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to alter and amend so much of an Act, palfed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Ad: for granting an Aid to " His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners, was committed, be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce Bird do make the said Report.

Air. WilbcrforceBird accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once.read throughout-, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for repealing the former Qualifications.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for declaring the new Qualifications.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of to be

by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 loufe, to consider of the several Papers which

7 '

were presented to the House upon Thurslay last by Mr. Secretary Dundas, relative to the ljle of.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w'hich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Tit at this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, ;yas presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will invalidate and destroy several valuable and ancient Grants, Charters, Immunities, and Privileges, made, given, and confirmed to the Petitioners, by several Monarchs of this Kingdom; and that the Four General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County have originated at Lancaster for upwards of Four Centuries part, and have been adjourned from thence to Preston, Wigan, Ormskirk, and for the general Ease and Convenience of the County at large; and that, by reason of the Quarter Sessions having been held at Lancaster aforesaid from such a remote Period of Time, great Emoluments have accrued to the Petitioners, and the other Owners of Property in the Town and Vicinity of Lancaster, which will be greatly diminished should the said Bill pass into a Law; and that the Mode of holding the Sessions, and transacting the Business of the County, as proposed by the said Bill, is confused, expensive, and so novel as to be without a Precedent, and the Petitioners are confident it is a Measure not called for by any existing Circumstances,-and likely to produce much Mitchicf and Inconvenience: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue " and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

‘ " Act

Committee on Southern Whale Fish -ries Bill.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Petition of the Corporation of Lan caller acrainlt Lan-casier Sessions Bill.

Bill to continue Act for Encouragement of Bri-tilii Fisheries committed.

Bill for Payment of Expences in Cales of Pro-iecufions for MilUemean-ors, deferred.

Golden Farmer and Bast nglioke Hoads Bill, presented.

Member added to bring in Swaft' bam Bui beck Inclosure Bill.

Bill presented.

Xxing Stow Inclosure Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III. j° Mail. 547

" Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the " British Fisheries," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to empower certain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock.

Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, and rendering more eft'edtual, several Acts for repairing the Road from The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of and from thence to Bafngstoke and Odiham, both in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Southern Extremity of Northzvarnborough Lane, near Odiham aforesaid, over Norlhwarnborough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Parishes of Mat-

tingley, and Heckfield, to a Place called The Bull Inn, in the Parish of Szvallowfield, on the Turnpike Road lead-

ing from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Bafngstoke aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That General Adeane be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Pari 111 of Swaffham Bulbeck, in the County of Cambridge.

General Adeane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fjelds, Common Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Swaffham Bulbeck, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other,. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Long in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 50 Acres of Land, and Two Common Rights, who refuled to sign the Bill, and that the whole Property to be inclosed consists of 1,130 Acres or thereabouts, and the whole Number of Common Rights amounts to 16; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then ' Vol. 53.

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the depasturing of Commons and uninclosed Lands with Sheep, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of TvVo Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to Wakefield, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he road the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from to

Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Town ship of Overblozv, in the

Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned" had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land, afiefled to the Land Tax at £. c. is. 8 d.per Annum, who refuled to sign the

Bill;

Bill for reflating the depart u ring o Commons, reported, and re-committed.

Bradford and Wakefield Road Bill, reported.

Dewflniry and Ealand Road Bill, patted. '

Kirkby Overblow Inclosure Bill, reported.

Sicklin shall Inclosure Bill, reported.

Bill for amending Stainiortii and Kead by Canal Act, presented.

W oorbnn Ton's Divoice Bill, read.

F.Mon F.Aate Bid, read.

548 7 Mai. 170S.

Bill; and that the tVhole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure is aflelled at the Ahnual Sum of £.34. 4 s.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wherd the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bfc ingrossed.

Mr. Henry LafeeUes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosinga certain Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Sicklinghallwith H', in the Parish of

Kirk by Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the leaving out Two of the Commissioners therein named (except the Owner of Lands rated to the Land Tax at £.3. i8x. 7 who declared himself neuter; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is rated at .91. and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in af the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut at or near , in the West

Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Treaty at or near , in the County of Lincoln, and all'o, a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for diiToiving the Marriage of James Woodmafon, Esquire, with Mary Magdelain, his now Wife, late Mary

IninGaville, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of Tony E/flon, late of Holbcaih Marshy in the County of , Grazier, but

now ol li ljbeachScant Peter's, in the of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, Merchant, and Elizabeth his Wife, situate at Conner by, Manthorpe, and , in

the said County of Lincoln, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the same to the Right honourable Lord Brownlow, and for laying out the Purchase Money

in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First: Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for difiolving the Marriage of the Honourable and Reverend Thomas James Twijleton with Charlotte Anne' Frances, his now Wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances lVai~ tell, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon To-morrotV Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counfe!, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnessbs, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witness'es.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Fane be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bacon s Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hincksey Hill to Foxcomb Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks,

so far as the same relate to The Oxford District of the said Roads therein mentioned.

Mr. Thomas Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hincksey Hill to Foxcomb Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of , so far as the same relate to The Oxford District of the said Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Taylor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Parcel of Waste Land, called Bleathwuod Common, within the Parish of Little Hereford, in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bid, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property, rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of 13. 9 8 d. who refus-

ed to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, is rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of f. 106. 16 s. 10 d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments

Twifleton't Divorce Bill, committed.

Member added to bring ia Oxford Roads Bill.

Bill presenteU.

Elcathwood Inclosure Bill, reported.

SHI to amend Act relative to the Packing of Butter, or dered.

Sir John Ho-

nywood's Estate Bill, . committed.

Northern

Ugh thou fes Bill, deferred.

Birmingham and Worcester Canal Bill, passed.

Tower Hamlets Sewer Petition, reported.

38 Geo. III. 70 — 8

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One,; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses, and Frauds in ,f the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act: And that Mr. Wilberforce Bird, Mr. Alderman Lushington, Mr. Alderman Combe, and Mr. Alderman Curtis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain undivided Moieties of several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Suffix, Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Honywood, Baronet, in Trui-tees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money anting. by Sale thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Dickinson, &c.: And they are to meet this. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 8° 'die;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Pray ers.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " A,ft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal " from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the " River Severn near to the City of Worcester,'' was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Tiiirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near " to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County " wick, to communicate with the River Severn near to " the City of

Ordered, That Mr. JervoiseClarke Jervofe do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Main-waring reported from the Committee, to ,whom the Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers acting in and for the Limits of the Tower Hamlets, exclusive of Saint Catharine's. and Bla'ckwall Marsh, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliver Vot. 53.

1 Mali. 549

ed it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, John Roliinfon, Surveyor, being examined, said, That from Time immemorial there has been, and Hill is, a Common and Public Sewer on Little within the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, called Tower Hill Sewer, and which receives the Waters from the City Sewers: That at the End of the Year 1794, the said Sewer was blown up, and that occasioned by a Defect that happened in the City Sewer, and by an additional Quantity of Waters turned therein; that the same was repaired, but very recently the like Accident has happened again; that upon Inspection, it appears from its Size, not sufficient to carry off the great Body of Water that has been recently turned therein, and which was formerly discharged in another Direction; and that a-netv Sewer is absolutely necessary to be made, sufficient for that Purpose.

And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to enable the Commissioners of Sewers to borrow a considerable Sum of Money for effecting the Purposes necessary for making the said new Sewer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a new Sewer upon Little Tower Hill, within the County of And that Mr.

Mainwaring.and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham' Bridge, in the County of Wand from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackaments Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade,.from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Aston , and also from

Skerstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath, and for making, maintaining, widening, and-improving, several other Roads communicating the rewith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, court, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons refidingor being in Great Britain from advancing Money or Effects for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to any of the Governments in Switzerland, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aicj or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland, and also the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty s Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, any Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, to The United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill> intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from

v 7 A thence

Tetbuiy an<l Malmesbury, Sec. Roads Bill, committed.

The Lords have agreed tg

Swift Property Bill,

Carl Hie and Penrith Ro&4 Bill,

Ham ham Hill Xoad Bill.

Bleathwood Inclosure Bill, passed.

Voices to Committee on Manchdter and Alhton-under-lyne Canal Bill.

W incanton Paving Bill, committed.

Petition a tinct Lan-cailer Sessions Bill, read again, and Count'd ordered.

550 8° Mali. fc- A. 1798.

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of liAng George the Second, and the Nine teeth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Car life to the Town of Penrith, in the County of land, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and West-moreland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for the Term of Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Harnham Hill, near the City of New Saturn, in the County of to an

Intrenchment on Askerwell Hill, in the County of Dor-Jet, and from the Index Poll on the Side of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called Baker's Farm

House, in the County of Wills-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossfed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Parcel of Waste Land, called Bleathwood Common, within the Parish of Little Hereford, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Parcel of Waste Land, called Bleathwood Common, within the Parish of Hereford, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. William Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from to or

near Ashton-under-lyne and Oldham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers, is committed.

A Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of ton, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obllruftions therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore Langton, Mr. EJlcourt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Mayor, Baililfs, and Commonalty, of the Town of Lau-caster, in the County Palatine of which was

Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the Holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 21. To leave out " June," and insert " Jamiary" inllead thereof.

Pr. 12. 1. 8. To leave out "One Hundred" and insert " Twenty" inllead thereof.

Pr. 16. I.23. To leave out from " railed" to " upon" in 1. 24. '

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for re-building the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to alter .-and amend so much of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting " an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised " in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeight," as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce Bird do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

1

ESTIMATE

St. Sepulchre's Poor Bill, passed.

Bill relating to Qualification of Ctm-miiiioners of Land Tax, paised.

Estimate of Allowances to Militia Officers, reported.

8° Mail.

5Si

38 Geo. III.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia;

To 300 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the present War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of £.25 per,

respectively, in Addition to the Pay usually provided for their Attendance at the Place of

Monthly Exercise - - -.....- -

To 300 Ensigns who shall have so served, an Allowance of £.20 per Annum respectively

£. s. d.

7.5oo ——

6,000 ——

c

13,500 — 7 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Re-committed Report of Militia Elti-mate.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and 'Cloathing of the Militia

for the Year 1798; That the Committee had prepared another Estimate, which they had directed him to report to the House; ana he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTI MATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1798.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men -" -

Cloathing for D° ——

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants ——

Cloathing for D° -

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers -

Cloathing for D° -

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals -

D® - - D® - - 66 Adjutants - - <- -

28 Days Pay to the l'everal Officers -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, £.50 per Annum each - - '

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at - -

D® - - - to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for Contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d.per Month for each Private Man and Drummer -Half Pay to Superannuated Adjutants " -

£. s. d.

28,784 — —

30,840 ——

18,781 ——

3,598 ——

4,690 ——

1,028 ——

,12,521 — —

7 95 ——

8,700 ——

3,500 r -

4,000 ——

10,023 ——

2,000 ——

135,660 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table /

Bill to amend Act for presenting Fx-pence at Elections, pailed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for

" preventing Charge and Expence in Election's of " Members to serve in Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 2. To leave out " proper."

1. 25. To leave out from "judicially" to " to," in 1. 26. and insert "determining upon any Petition complaining of an undue Election " or Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament," instead thereof.

Pr. 2. 1. 26. To leave out " King William"

Pr. 2. 1. 28. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " provided" in 1. 30,

1. 34. After " on" to insert " by the Committee appointed to try the " Merits of such Election, so dedared void as aforesaid; and " provided also, that the Penalties " of this Act shall not attach on " such Person or Persons as aforesaid, unless such illegal Practices " shall have been committed within Two Years of the Return of " such Person or Persons at such " future Election as aforesaid in the said Parliament."

I.36.I

& > To leave out " of King William,"

37-J

1. 40. To leave out "Eledion."

Pr. 3. 1. 2. To leave out " bound," and insert,

" requited and directed" instead

thereof.

The

JW1 to amend Act rehtiveto the Packing of Butter, pi e tented.

Measures re-

spefting Trade, to be considered. "

Order in Council respecting Coins, pre-iented.

Motion relative to Ait for Ddence of the Realm:

Meg.

Committee on Finance Reports of l ilt Sell ion, deferred.

55 — 9

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Ileign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament." .

Ordered, That Lord Viscount do carry tire

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Lushington presented to the House,

according to Older, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An " Ad to prevent Abuses, and Frauds in the Packing, " Weight, and Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain " Acts relating the retoAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Measures for the more effectual Protection of the Trade of this Country again It the Enemy, during the War.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of an Order in Council for dissolving a Committee of Council for Coins; and appointing a new Committee, to take into Consideration the State of the Coins of this Kingdom, and the present Establishment and Constitution of the Mint.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for " the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the " present War; and for indemnifying Persons who " may suffer in their Property, by such Measures as " may be necessary for that Purpose," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Manner in which the said Act has been carried into Effect in the County of Surrey; -

The House divided.

The Yeas we, nt forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { AWerm an Cmk:\ tu

Tellers for tiro Noes, } H,

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being tead, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the-whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and date the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure;

' Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

5

5Mail. A. 1798.

night, the 2 2d Day of this Indant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand founds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further encouraging the Southern jWhale Fisheries, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant May.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the " RritifhFilheries."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to empower certain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurity 90 die 'Mail;

Anno 38° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

PETITION of John Kir ton, of Gray's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, joint Lord of the Manor of War boys, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, " Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, " within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the " County of Huntingdon," as relates to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out and allotted in lieu of Tythes; and Setting forth. That there are various Provisions in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be materially injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as he conceives wiH be so injurious to him.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed j and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself.

National Debt Bill, deferred.

Southern Whale Fisheries Bill, reported.

Bill to continue Act for Encouragement of British Fisheries, deferred.

Bill for Payment of Expences in Cafes of Prosecutions for Milclemean'-ors, deferred.

Petition from Mr. ICirton, against Bill to amend War-boys Inclosure Act.

Wansford Bridge and Stamford Roads Bill, committed *

Bill to amend Meath Canal Act, passed *

Birmingham Inclosure Bill, reported.

Petition of certain Persons against the Manchef-ter and Ash-ton-under-lyne Canal Bill.

38 Geo. III. 9 '‘Mail 553

Rimself, Counsel, or Agents, before the said Commit- and also divers other Provisions and Regulations in the tee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit. said Bill contained, will, if the same should pass into a

Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion to the said Com- Law as it now Hands, be very prejudicial and oppressive mittee. That they do admit Counsel to he heard, at to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such said Petition. ' Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands, or that mittee to whom the said Bill is committed. the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pre-

mi fes as to the House shall seem meet.

A Bill for continuing and amending Three Acts, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

passed in the Twentyfsecond and Twenty-ninth Years Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard,

Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by themselves or Counsel, before the said. Committee, for repairing the Roads from Wansford Bridge, in the upon their Petition, if they think fit.

County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in Ordered, That it be an InHruction to the said Com-the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford itoreiaid to mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the the Market Cross, in the Town of Bourn, in the same same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, againH the said County, and from the North End of the Bridge to Scot Petition.

Gate, both in Stamford aforesaid, was read a Second

Time. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition reia-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John thereunto subscribed, ori Behalf of themselves and V et° °uceS Pitt, Mr. ElliJ'on, he.: And they are to meet this After- others, Inhabitants of the Borough of Malmesbury, in Malmetbuiy.

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. the County of was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave An ingtofled Bill for extending the Neath Canal granted by the House on the 3d Day of April laH,

Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Notices have been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions Thirty-firH Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of the Peace holden for the said County of Wilts, and for making the said Canal, was read the Third Time. also in the Newspaper callcdThe Salisbury and Winchester s Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Journal, published in the same County, that Application be, An Act for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, was- making to Parliament for a Bill for paving the and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-lirH Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the Streets and other public Passages and Places within ‘ the said Canal. the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts,

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the and the Avenues leading into the fame, and for remov-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Ob-

Hruftions therein, in such and the like Manner as is Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to required to be given by the Standing Orders of the whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the House, of Applications intended to be made relative to several Comfnons and WaHe Lands lying within the Bills for paving, cleansing, lighting, or improving, any Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Qity or Town: And therefore praying. That Leave Warwick, was committed; Tfyat the Committee had may be given to bring in a Bill for eftefting the Pur-examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the poses aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regu-. House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been)com- lations and lleHriftions, as to the House shall seem plied with; and that the Committee had examined the meet.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-'

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it,

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and shall appear to them, to the House:

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had And it is referred to Mr. Eftcourt, Mr. Goddard, he.:

<liredted him to report to the House; and he read the And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain SicklingM Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Common and WaHe Grounds within the Manor and p£fr«i.ure House, Township of in the Parish of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Klrkby Overblow, in the WeH Riding of the County of ingrossed. York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Com-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, mon and WaHe Grounds within the Manor and Town-residing near the Line of the Manchester, Afiton-under- ship of Sicklinghall with Woodhall, in the Parish of lyne, and Oldham Canal, was presented to the House, Kirkby Overblozv, in the WeH Riding of the County of and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enabling the York.

Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-lyneand Old- to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ham, to finish and complete the same, and the several

Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, mon and WaHe Grounds, and Commonable Lands, fureBiU, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the within the Manor and Township of Kirkby Overblow, in passed. said Company further and other Powers; and Setting the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the WeH Riding of forth, That the same contains a Clause empowering the the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title to charge certain additional Rates of Wharfage over be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and and above the Tonnage Rates granted them by the Act WaHe Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the for making their laid Canal; and that the said Clause, Manor and Township of Kirkby Overblow, in the Parish Vol. 53. 7 B of '

9

t

554

90 Mail. A. 1798.

of KinkbyOverblow, in the West Riding of the County of 2'crk.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lmcaster Sef- Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom 3ifor obviating and removing Doubts respecting the holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Pal.tine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and alfoa Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Re-, port was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Connrel or- The House was moved, That the Petition of the

Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Town of Cor|torntion Lanc.ff.er, in the County Palatine of which was

Pre‘cntccit0 the House upon Monday last, might be again ML read. _

And. the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition dojieupon the Table, until the said Report be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. '

Report on A Motion being made. That the Report which, umTe -lyme upon the 16th Day of April last, was made from the Canal Bill, Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintain-dereefr COnfl a Navigable Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the Canal to the

Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Baronet, near the

Town of Newcastle-under-lyme, and also another Branch of Cana!, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Stafford, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Talkie, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 18th Day of April last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794 i

Ordered, Thatr the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

A.nd the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrollld.

Du dley Hill Mr. Harry Lascelles reported from the Committee, h a Road,5" to wb°m the Bill for continuing the Term, and en-£11, reported, larging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through shaw, to Killinghall, and from to the

SouthWeft Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ut the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One . by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the depasturing of Com- regulating the mons and uninclosed Lands with Sheep, was re-com- depasturing mitted; That the Committee had made several other ° £ons' Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the '

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committeeon a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Divor ML Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Boddington, Esquire, with Grace Ashburner, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baldwin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Wilbrahatn Bootle reported from the Committee, Report on «-to whom the Report was re-committed, which was committed made from the Committee, to whom the several Papers rdat-

which were presented to the House, upon the 21st ingtoPriibn-Day of March last, by Mr. Whitehead from the Trans- ers of War-port Board, and by Mr. Stewart from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, respecting the Treatment of Prisoners of War, were referred} and who were directed to examine the Matters thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had made some Alterations in the said Report, and some Additions thereto, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Reftlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of Cruelty towards French Prisoners of War, which has been brought against this Country, is utterly void of Foundation, and appears to have been fabricated, and industriously Supported by the Enemy, for the double Purpose of justifying their own ill Treatment of British Prisoners, and of irritating the Minds of their Countrymen against this Nation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the British Prisoners of War, confined in France, have been treated with a Degree of Rigour and Inhumanity

38 GEO.III. $ Maii.

555

humanity unwarranted by the Usages of War among civilized Nations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the British Government has always manifested a Delirc of entering upon a Cartel of Exchange on the mostfair and liberal Terms; that it has even offered to accede to any which could be adopted confidently with what is due to Individuals, and to the Nation; and that the Obstacles to a Negotiation have arisen from the extravagant and unprecedented Demands of and from the Refusal, on our Part, to abandon the customary and acknowledged Principle of the Law of Nations, which has been grossly violated in the Person of Sir Sidney Smith.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ing BrL'cUn Riding of the Bill for amending an Act, made in the londott, he. last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to committed. ts atnend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Ma-- " jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of Bivad, and to regulate the Price

" and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall " adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so tar as the same " relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold " in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and " within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within " Ten Miles of The Royal Exchange" be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time. ' .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have pSltt naturalizing Emily De Vifme, an Infant; to which the De Virtue1 Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Kat-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ®n,en< Reading of the Bill for altering and amending an Act, Turnpike made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's commit-Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and re- teJ *

" duce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws,

" now "in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in " that Part of Great Britain called England, and for " other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Weights thereby limited to be carried or drawn on Turnpike Roads, in Waggons and Carts having the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches and Nine.

Inches, and for the better regulating of Weighing Engines erected on the different Turnpike iloads within a certain Distance of the Cities of London and and the Borough of Southwark, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Luflungton, Mr. Alderman Curtis, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second National Debt Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the cwunu-Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lords tave agreed to

Servants, Carriages, &c. Duties Bill *

Houses, &c. Duties Bill.

Bill for calling out Part of the Scotch Militia.

Tea Duty&ill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raile and embody a Militia " Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland-," without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise upon Tea, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as charges a Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon Tea imported into, or fold in Great Britai; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 53.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill respect. Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of'silve intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of ordered.

" light' Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain " the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive and continue the said Act for a Time to be limits . ed, and to suspend the coining of Silver: And that Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Douglas do pre- < .

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderof the several Papers which were presented irte ot to the House upon 'Thursday last by Mr. Secretary Dundas, relative to the Isle of Man, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dirifted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

556 9 'Mail. J. 1798.

Bill for mak- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into peqpc- 1 urt er Consideration the Report from the Committee tual, re-com- of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making permitted. pctual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein Rated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land 'lax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into fuhher Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bills

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the said Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties " in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army " and Navy," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the . " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninty-seven," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; ‘

And the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

\ Tellers for the Yeas, J124.

Teller, for the Noes, } 27 *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

coftfidered. Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.1

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. 'Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table,: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said ' Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as

shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

" der thereof beyond a certain Sum," and to suspend the coining of Silver: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving, lighting, and cleaning of the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in' the said Town, and for regulating the said Market, and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, " An Acte for the Pavinge of " Newarke upon Trent, in the Countie of Nottingham;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend " an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the " Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of and for improving the Deanry and Prebends of the said " Cathedral," and to make further Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabrick Fund thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting " of Leather."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Fefolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " continue and amend an Act, made in the Twentysixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement " of the British Fisheries."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill respefV- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the ing the coin- House, according to Order, a Bill to revive and con-

ing of bilver, . r rr,. D . .: , A_ _ , .

presented. tinue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light " Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries " into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tep-

5 J6vis>

The Lords have agreed to

Salt Duty Bill.

Newark upon Trent Paving Bill,

The Lords jbave passed

Lichfield Cartons Reliilen-tiary Bill.

Bill to amend Act concerning Tanners, &c. deterred.

Supply, de ferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Bill to continue Act for Encouragement of British Fisheries, deferred.

Weston Tur-▼illc Inclosure Bill, reported.

Dc VHme't Nat. Bill, read.

Caddington Inclosure Bill, J rcXented.

Petition in favour of Bill to amend Act relative to the Packing of Butter.

Abingdon Roads Bill, reported *

38 Geo. III.

io° M

557

Jovi\r, 10° die Mail 5

Anno 38° Georgii III. U R gis, 1798.

Prayers. ' »

MR. John Pit} reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, -Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Weflon Turvilk, in the County of Buckingham, was com-nlitted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Otders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an Estate affelied to ‘ the Land Tax at £.4. i8r. o d.per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates affelied at £.27. 35. o \d.who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.334. 3 . xof d. per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Gierk's Table:'Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Emily De Vijme, an Infant, was read thfe First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bt read a Second Time.

Sir John Honywood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names axe thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the Town of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and its Environs, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An. " Act to prevent Abuses, and Frauds in the Packing, " Weight, and Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating the retoAnd praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, the one passed in the-Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Sec. nd, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Fryar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Vol. 53.

Berks, so far as the same relate to The Abingdon Drftrift. of the said Roads therein mentioned j was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of t,he Bill, and found the same to be true;- and that the-Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, \vere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of William Hutton, of Hulton Park, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, was presented to the ar inft\uui-House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable ciieiter and the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-lyne and Old- Canal Bill, ham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers; and Setting forth. That the said Bill will, in its Operation, tend to the Establishment of unequal Rates of Tonnage, to the exclusive Advantage of the Colliery Proprietors, but to themanifeft Wrong and Injury of the Petitioner and other Owners of Mines on the different Branches of the said Canal; and that, J>y a Statement, made Part of the Proceedings of a Special Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, holden on the ioth Day of June 1795, it appears, that the Sum of £.7,943 -

would be necessary to complete a certain Branch from Taylor's Bam to Beat Bank, and the Petitioner therefore submits to the Justice of the House, that that Sum at the least ought to be specifically appropriated to the Completion thereof, and that proper and sufficiertt Clauses should be introduced, not only for that Purpose, but also to regulate the general Rates of Tonnage, so that no partial or particular Interests shall be preferred, to the Detriment of the Petitioner and other.

The Owners of Mines and Collieries in the said Navigations, and of the Public at large; and that a Clause is inserted in the said Bill to exonerate the said Company of Proprietors from the Repair and Amendment of any Part of the Roads over the Approaches to any of the Bridges over the said Canal, after such Roads shall have been first made and put into good Repair by the said Proprietors, titan which, the Petitioner submits nothing can be more unreasonable, since the Proprietors ought, on every Principle of Justice, to repair Roads which their own Schemes have rendered necessary: And therefore praying. That proper Provisions may be introduced in the said Bill to redress the Grievances complained of, and that the Petitioner may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall deem reasonable, and that, for thfe Obtainment thereof he may be heard, by himself, or his Coua-fel. . '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Shippers of Goods for Exportation, resident in and near Rochdale, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Shippers of Goods for Exportation, resident in and near Bury, in

7 C the

Petitions from Rochdale, Bury, Stockport, Manchester, and Bolton, against Ship Owners. Bill.

558

A. 1798.

the County of Lave after, whose Names ate thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Shippers of Goods for Exportation, resident in and near,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Shippers of Goods for Exportation, resident in and near chesters whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Shippers of Goods for Exportation, resident at Bolton, whose Names , are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Matters of Ships; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law, it would reduce the Refpohfibility of the Owners and Matters of Ships, at the liilk, and greatly to the Prejudice, of the Shippers of Goods on Freight, and thereby deprive such Shippers of that Security for proper Care being taken of their Goods, and for the Sufficiency and efficient Equipment of freighted Ships, and their due Navigation, which are essential to the Protection and Encouragement of Trade; and that by the Law, as it now Hands, the Shippers of Goods can protect themselves, by Insurance, against all Rilks which their Goods hre exposed to in a Sea Voyage, and for which the Owners of Ships are not responsible, whereas, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, they would, in consequence of the present Respon-libility of the Ship Owners being removed, or greatly reduced, be jexposed to Rilks against which they cannot infpre; and such Increase of Risk would tend to deter Manufacturers, and other Persons who have been accustomed to export Goods on their own Account, from engaging in such Adventures, and thereby greatly injure the Export Trade of the Kingdom: That the said Bill purports to exonerate Owners of Ships from Responsibilities to which they are now liable, upon Contracts already entered into, and thereby to operate as an ex post faElo Law, which the Petitioners' submit would be highly unjust, and the more so, as the- Bill contains no such Provision with respect to the Owners of Vessels navigating the Tideway of Rivers; and that, pending the Discussion of the said Bill before a Committee of the House, a Clause has been introduced to extend the Relief, thereby proposed to be given to the Owners and Masters of Ships, to the Owners and Masters of all Vessels employed in the Navigation of the Tideway of any River, and not employed in the Navigation of the High Seas, with respect to any Loss or Damage hap-' pening below any Port or Place in such Tideway, where Ships, or other Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade, do or shall load or discharge by Entry or Sufferance; and that whatever Relief the Owners of Ships' or Vessels navigating the High Seas may be entitled to, so as to enable them to meet with Advantage Foreign Ships in open Competition in the carrying Trade, yet it would be extremely impolitic to allow the same Relief and Protection to Vessels navigating the Tideway of Rivers in this Kingdom, inasmuch as no Competition of Foreign Vessels can be opposed to them, and it.is com-, petent to the Owners to charge such a Rate of Freight as will be an adequate Compensation for the Rilks they are exposed to: In Addition to this Consideration, the Petitioners submit, that they cannot, without great Loss, protect themselves against the Rilks from which it is proposed to

relieve Owners of Vessels navigating th<? Tideway of Rivers, as the Commission and Duties upon Policies of Insurance, for the final left possible Space, is equal to that upon an Insurance for the longest Voyage, and would in Eftect amount to a l'uinouS Tax upon the Inland Navigation of the Country, whereas, the Owners of Vessels may, by an Annual Insurance upon Property,

Committed to their Care, at a very small Expence, protect themselves against the Riik they leek to be relieved from, and' may apportion such Premium amongst their Freighters; hitherto the Petitioners have not been accustomed to insure their Goods upon Inland Navigations, as the Risk did not amoiflat to One Filth Part of the Commission and Duty on Insurances, but, if the Risk usually borne by tire Owners of Vessels is taken away, the Petitioners mull either insure at a ruinous Expence, or leave their Property unprotected, under the Care ot Persons who will not be sufficiently interested in its Protection to induce them to pay adequate Attention thereto; and that, as the Bill now stands, the Owners of all Vessels, of every Size and Description, navigating the High Seas, os the Tideway of a River, would be entitled to the same Protection, without Regard to the Size or Construe-tion of such Vessels, or their Competency to carry the Goods they take on Board with Safety; an open Boat or Barge, however small, going from one Place to another, either at Sea or in a Tide River, will be placed in tho-fame Situation as a regular decked Vessel: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the fame.

And the said Petit ions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the

7 U

said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and the Petitioners are . to be then heard, by' themselves, or Coun-

fel, against the said Bill, upon their Peti tions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Beverley, &c.

whom the Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, b h»

the Low" Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Pa- repor e " rilhes/Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley,

Sandholme, Storkhill, Mo/efcroft, Lecko

brough, Lockington, Ayke, Befwick, fVotton, Hutton Cranswick, Rotfea, Feat her holme, S kerne,

Brigham, Fishholme, Nasser ton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, Fofton, Carnaby, Fraifthorp, Burton-Agnes, Granf-

moor, Liffet, Barnfton, Ulramotherwise Skipfea,

Dringhoe, Beeford, North Froddingham,

Moor-Town, Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme, Goodhill

House, and Stymie Item Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Savage Lloyd, of Hall, in

the County of Suffolk, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Richard Savage Lloyd the younger, Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered, the said Petitions, and had examined the Alle- > -

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; . j

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 674 Acres 3 Roods 3 Perches, who refused to flgn the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 959 Acres 1 Rood '14 Perches, who are neuter; and also, except the Proprietors

' 38 Geo. III. 16° Mbit. 559

tors of 210 Acres 1 llood 31 Perches, who could not be met with; and also, except the Proprietors of 22 Acres 3 Roods, from whom no satisfailory Answers have been obtained; and also, except the Proprietor of 21 Acres and 24 Perches, who lives in; and.

that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be drained by the said Bill amounts to 11,064 Acres, or thereabouts); apd that the Committee had gone though the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Northam Mr. George Henry Rose reported from the Committee,

?nnreDorted to wh°m the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Northam Bridge and Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with; but that Notice of such intended Application was given at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions for the County of t ampton, and also for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and was also inserted in The Hampshire Chronicle, of the 16th and 23d of last, and that

Directions were given for having the same inserted in the said Newspaper on the 30th of , but the fame was omitted by Mistake of the Printer, and that Notices were also given in The Salisbury and fVinchef-ter Journal) of the 29th of , and the 5th and

12th of February last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to.report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town

and County of the Town of , and for making a

Road from the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from West End to Burley, in the County of Southampton, was read: And,

Mr. Isaac Galpine being examined, said, That the Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but find it expedient and necessary that the same should be altered and amended to enable them effectually to carry into Execution the beneficial Purposes thereby intended. . _

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And that Mr. George Henry Rose and Mr.

Amy at tdo prepare, and bring in, vthe fame.

Long Stow in-, An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-C-ff'dCcl°sing> the Open and Common Fields, Common Paf- ' tures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable

Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Cambridge, was read, the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

VOL.53.

, An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Richfield Ca-to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain and,

" amend an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,"An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons " Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, and " for improving the Deanry and Prebends of the said " Cathedral," and to make further Provision for the /

Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabrick Fund thereof, was read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Mavis Ender-Open Common Fields, Common Meadoyvs, and other BHVromtnft-Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of ted.

Mavis Enderby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Mr. John Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Richard Buller, Burmefier, Petition of

and Cornelius Buller, of the City of London, Merchants Co ag-ainst and Partners, under the Firm of Richard Buller and ship Owners Company, was presented to the House, and read; BlU *

Setting forth. That in October and November 1796, the Petitioners, as the Merchants and Correspondents of several Commercial Houses at Lif shipped sundry Goods, of the Value of £.1,825, on Board the Ship Atlas, John Christmas, Matter, consigned to the Persons at Lisbon, for whom the same were shipped; and that, in the latter End of November 1796, the said Ship failed from the Port of London on her Voyage to Lisbon, and on the 5th of December run foul of another Ship in the British Channel, in consequence of which Ihe was totally! loft with the said Goods on Board; and that the Petitioners being advised by their Counsel that, under tho Circumstances attending the Loss of the said Ship, the Owners thereof were liable to pay the Value of the said Goods to the Petitioners, for the Benefit of the Persons interested therein, the Petitioners, in the Month, of May last, commenced an Action against the said Owners, to recover the Value of the said Goods, which Action is now depending, and would have been tried - several Months since, had not the Trial been put off, at the Inllance of the said Owners, on Account ofth&

Absence of Witnesscs1; and that a Bill is now pending before the House, for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships, which, if enabled into a Law, would exonerate the Owners and Mailer, of the said Ship Atlas from their Liability to answer to the Petitioners for the Value of the said Goods, and thereby deprive the Petitioners, and their Correspondents, for whom they shipped the said Goods, of the Benefit of the Contracts they entered into with the Mailer and Owners of the said Ship, by- Bills of Lading upon the Shipment thereof, or greatly reduce the Extent and Operation of the said Contracts,- and of the Security thereby stipulated for by the Petitioners, and which, as the Law then Hood, and now Hands, the Petitioners are entitled to claim and enforce, and have commenced their said Ailion for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners submit to the House that, whatever Relief Parliament may be pleased to afford to Owners of Ships in future Cafes, the same ought not to extend to antecedent Contrails;and Trantaclions, lb as to operate as an ex post fafio Law; the Petitioners, and their Correspondents at Lisbon, at the ,|'ime the Goods above-mentioned were shipped, ailed in confidence of, and formed their Contrails agreeably to, the Law as it then flood, and they hope the House will not deprive them of the Benefit of Contrails lo entered into, nor of the " Relief

Kcwcastle under-lym Canal Bill, passed.

HoddingtonN Divorce Bill, passed.

Malmcflniry Paving Petition, reported

jtfo \o MaiL 1798.

Relief which the Law, as it now Hands, entitles them to in their said Action: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pals into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta-

ble, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Confederation; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

' An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the Newcastle-under-lyme Canal to the Cana) of

Sir Nigel Bozvyer Grejley, Baronet, near the Town of Nezvcastle-under-lyme, and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near , to certain

Coal and other Works, ail in the County of was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 38. To leave out " First" and insert " Fifteenth" instead thereof.

Pr. 63. 1. 16. To leave out " First" and insert " Fifteenth" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and ftiaintaining a Navigable (panal, or Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the Newcastle-under-ly Canal to the

Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer , Baronet, near the

Town of Newcastle-under-lyme, and also another Branch 6f Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near Ape dale, to Certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbrah Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1 An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act todiflolve the Marriage of S , Esquire, with Grace Ashburner, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House had agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. EJlcourt reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County Of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. 'Richard Robins produced to your Committee, Copy of a Notice, which he affixed, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House on the 3d Day of April last, on the Doors of the Sessions House, at the last Easter Quarter Sessions for the County of of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of , in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the fame, and for removing and preventing, Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And,

Three Newspapers, called The Salisbury and chester Journal, of the 16th, 23d, and 30th of April last, were produced, containing the like Notice of the said Application, it not being in the Power of the Parties to give the said Notice in The Loyal Salisbury and Western Public Advertizer, agreeable to the Leave of the

House, the same not being at that rime printed.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 2d Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Let bury, in the County of

Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury to Chippenham

Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackaments Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester and also, the Road from Faringdon to Crick/ade, from thence to and

to the Turnpike Road at Alton Lurville, and also, from Sherftone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath, and also the Petition of the several Persons, whoso Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Footways, and for clcanling, lighting, and regulating the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Malmesburyin the County1 of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the fame, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And that Mr. EJlcourt, Mr. n ruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, and the Lord Par chester, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, B!11 toprevent, to whom the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to dmoi be limited, an Act, pafl'cd in the Seventh Year of the ment of Coal . Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and "

Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tozver Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fafae to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Hofcfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in, at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Persons, Mer- Petition of chants employ ing Owners and Masters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, on Be- oWen Biro half of themselves, and all other Persons employing the Owners or Masters of Ships and Vessels in the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Masters of Ships; and Setting forth, That the Interest of the Petitioners, and the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, will be very materially afiefted thereby: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may be prejudicial to their Interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken

into

V

38 Geo. III. i <? 561

into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Year of the Reign of King the First, intituled.

Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. " An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at " and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Loathe same Time, in Favour of the said' Bill, against the " tker," is committed. That they have Power to make said Petition. Provision in the said Bill for confirming to Edward

Sear:, of Bridgewater, in the County of Sower Efcjuire, Bill for regu- An ingrossed Bjll for regulating the depasturing of his Executors, Admyristrators, and Assigns, the full laring the de- Commons and uninclosed Lands with Sheep, was read CTe and Benefit of the Discovery and Invention of a Cmnmons°f the Third Time. Method of Tanning Leather with Elm Bark instead of

paired. ' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Oak Bark, during the Remainder of the lerm now to

be. An Act for preventing the depasturing of Forests, come in certain Letters Patent granted for that Pur-Commons, and Open Fields, with Sheep or Lambs in- pose, in the Thirty-filth ear of the Reign of His pre-fefted with the Scab or Mangel in that Part of Great font Majesty, to George of Lougfleet, in the

Britain called England. County of and by him duly afugned to the said

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to Edward and that they also have Power to ngikc

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. , Provision in the said Bill for. reftfaining the said Edward

Tweedmouth Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure Bill, the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improv-reponed. ing, a Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called 'Tweedmouth and Spittal Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Chapelry of Tweedmouth, and County of Durham, was committed; 'and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Kamos are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Ef-tates entitled to Right of Common on Tweedmouth and Spittle Common, in the Pari fit of Tweedmouth, and County Palatine di Durham, or otherwise interested in the said Common, was reterred; That the Committee had con- fidcred the said Petition, and had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Hill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Pro- prietors entitled to Right of Commop on Tweedmouth

and Spittle Common, and also on the Threap Grounds, whose Estates are of the Annual Value of 341. 11 s.

who refuied to sign the Bill; and ado, the Proprietors whose Estates are of the Annual Value of 59, who could not be found; and that the whole Property, having Right of Common > on the said Common and Grounds, is of the Annual Vaiue of 2,653. 10J-J and also, except the Proprietors haying Right of Common on the Threap Grounds only, whose Estates are of the Annual Value of £. 509. 1 or. who refuied to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property, having Right of Common on the said Threap Grounds, is of the Annual Value of £. 1,693. and that the Committee had

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report-in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queiiion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Report on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for takinginto

Mr. Sealy's further Consideration the Report which, upon Monday ertconfi-Ur a -> was H de from the Committee, to whom the Re-dered. port was re-commilted, which was made, from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Sealy, of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, Merchant, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. inftroaion. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, V<m~ 53-

Seaiy, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from demanding or taking more than a certain Sum as a Consideration for a Licence to use the said Discovery and Invention.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- salt Duties, to ing, resolve itfell into a Committee of the whole House, be considered. to consider of the Duties payable on Sait.

Mr. Rlacklurne, of Lav r afire, reported from the Rochdale and

Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty- ported.' "fe ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village ol Heywood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land1 sEnd, in the Parish of

wich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Sehond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Ihterest is Kind's Con-concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the kid to Wef-Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and iud ureBiU. other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turville, in the County of Buckingham-, which Bill was', this Day, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed; .

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having beeh informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent,. as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. 1

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Uftier Roral Afleat of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the . House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, Went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of

7 D Peer,

io° Mali, A. 1798.

Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal

Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great and

several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afl'ent to the said Bills; and that His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of ,named also

in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additionaliDuties on Salt:

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise upon Tea, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as charges a Duty of Five Pounds per upon Tea

imported into, or fold in, Great Britain:

An Act for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks' and Watches, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof:

An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horl'es, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act to prevent, during the War, Persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing Money or EfTedls for the Purchase, or on the Credit, of Debts owing to any of the Governments in or

any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Persons therein, without Licence for that Purpose; for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, to Switzerland, and also the Provisions of an Act,

made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, any Persons resident in , being applied to the Use of the Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France, and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof, to The United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the Persons exercising the Powers of Government therein, and also to the Persons, Territories, and Places, under their Government:

An Act to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to raise and embody a " Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland:"

An Act for the better paving, lighting, and cleansing of the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, in the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, and for removing the Market for Butchers Meat in the said Town, and for regulating the said Market, and for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intitvHed, "An A die for the Pavinge of " Newarkeupon Trent, in the Countie of Nottingham:"

An Act to continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Harnham Hill, near the City of New Saturn, in the County, of Wilts, to an Intrenchment on Asherwell ' 5

Hill, in the County of Dorset, and from the Index Poll on the Side of Harnham Hillaforesaid, to a llouie

called Master Baker's Farm Houfte, in the County of

Wilts:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlifte to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and W ftmor

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for billet , authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry llgYeomanry

o o 1 j Cavalry, or *

Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Pur- dered. pose of being trained together: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Grenville, do prepare, and bring,

in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 20th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to investigate the Causes and the Extent of the Losses sustained by British Merchants in consequence of their Exertions to supply the Country with Foreign Grain, after the Government had desisted from making Purchases on their own Account, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Qudlion being put, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee the whole House, for the Purpose of taking into Confi-deration the Lolles lullained by the Importers of

Corn, between the ill of November 1795 and the 13th of April 1796;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tell-s for ho Yeas, {$£ , ? "- Jm-

Tellers for the Noes, j: ' j« *

So it passed in the Negative.

Motion re-

fbeftingLolTss sustained by Importers oJf Corn:

Neg.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lords

Graves: have agreeJ t *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to thfe Bill, intituled, An Linlithgow A(51 for altering and enlarging the , Powers of Two A<5ls, ;‘Iul passed in the Thirty-second arid Thirty-fifth Years of 0,1 k the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amend- '

.ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from, the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and by

Bathgate, to Bailhefton, in the County of Lanerk, and " certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ell!

Act to continue, until the First Day of Augift One thou- "Vr.' sand Eight hundred, and until the End of the then next Am...ament Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident " therein, in certain Cafes;" with an Amendment; to '+ which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of T|iC x ortjs this House: And also, ... have p.-.nva

' The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for HoaMon's exchanging Part of the Estates settled by the Will of 1-, L‘tc ll!-Jacob Houblon, Esquire, for Part of the Estates com-

prized in the Marriage Settlement of his Son John Houblon, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The

Rheinwald's Nat. Bill.

Brock's Nat. Bill.

Petition from Veterinary College for Leave to present a Petition.

38 Geo. III. 100 Maii. 563

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Eberkard Fredrick to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, .

The Lords have passed a‘ Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Brock; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

' And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution, called The Veterinary College, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth. That in pursuance of the Plan stated to the House in a Petition by them presented on the 6 th of February 1795, their Exertions have been continued to carry into Effect the several beneficial Purposes proposed to be derived from the Establishment of a College for the Study and Practice of Veterinary Science; that, for the general Benefit of the Proprietors of Horses and other valuable Cattle, they have Pleasure in dating that Forty-eight Pupils have palfed Examination at the said College, many of whom are now settled in different Towns of the Kingdom, and are practising the Knowledge they have acquired to the great Advantage of the Public; and it is with peculiar Satisfaction the Petitioners are enabled to state, that, the Importance of the In-ilitution having been taken into Consideration by his Royal Highnel's the Commander in Chief, the Propriety of appointing Persons educated at the College to be Veterinary Surgeons in the several Regiments of Cavalry has been determined on, in pursuance of a Report from a Board of General Officers, to whom the Subject had been referred; and that in consequence of such Decision, Twenty Pupils, whole Education has been completed, are engaged in the Service of the Army, and Twenty-seven other Pupils are now pursuing their Studies at the College, l'everal of them intending to fill similar Situations as loon as they shall be deemed duly qualified, each of them being subject to the same rigorous Examination of the Medical Committee, and to be certified in the same Manner, as has hitherto been praftif-ed in respect of the other Pupils of the College; and the Petitioners further state, that, desirous of rendering, to the utmost of their Power, their Institution advantageous to the Public Service, the Colonels of the different Cavalry Regiments have been invited to fend each a Farrier to the College, in order to his being taught the Structure, Economy, and different Diseases of the Horse's Foot, and instructed in a Mode of Shoeing, tending very materially to its Preservation, and that Army Farriers have been consequently admitted into the College for Instruction in that particular Part of Veterinary Knowledge; and that the College continues under the Direction of the Professor, Mr. , a

Gentleman of Talents and Skill, and who, by many useful and important Discoveries in the Science, has, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, fully justified the Expedations formed of its Improvement from his Exertions; and that the Petitioners have already stated to the House the Difficulties which have occurred in the Execution of their Plan, and particularly from the em-baraffed State of their Finances, and, though the Aid so liberally granted by Parliament has in a great Degree alleviated their Difficulties, it has yet proved inadequate to remove them entirely, notwithstanding the Petitioners have, with the utmost Frugality, reduced their Annual Expenditure much within the Estimate of the Committee of the House to whom their former Peti-. tion was referred, and within those Limits to which they are Still of Opinion it would be proper to extend it, in order that the Public may derive the full Benefit of such an Establishment, the Petitioners have again with Regret to state, that (under the heavy Pressure of Debt, of which an Account is before the House) without further Aid from Parliament, it will be impossible jto bring to Perfection an Establishment, which, from Vot- 53-

the Advantages accruing from the more skilful Care of so important a Branch of Public Property as the Horses of the Army, is become more than ever an Object of National Importance; and the Petitioners having been Unable, before the Time which was appointed for pro-Tenting private Petitions had expired, to obtain Information whether His Majesty's gracious Recommendation would be given to the said Petition, humbly hope-that the House will now be pleased to receive the same.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Noble- men. Gentlemen, and others.

Then a Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, Veterinary and others, Subscribers to an Institution, called The Pet "

Veterinary College, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying. That such Relief may be granted as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill.for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had 'directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on

National Debt Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Report on the Committee of the wljole House, to whom it was j pers ret‘ie referred to consider of the several Papers which were of'ivlaa. presented to the House upon Thurslaft, by Mr. Secretary Efundas, relative to the Isle of Man.

Mr.' Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which, the Committee had di-rested to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Dutties upon certain Goods imported into the Isle of Man,

" and for better regulating the Trade, and securing the " Revenues, of the said Island," as permits the exportation of British Spirits from any Port in England to the Isle of Man, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a limited Quantity of Brandy and Geneva be permitted to be imported Annually into the said Island, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Three Shillings be charged upon every Gallon of Brandy and Geneva imported into the said Island., .

Resolved,

S64

io° — 11°

H. 1798.

Bill respecting the coining of Silver, committed.

Bill respecting British Fithe-fie«, presentecL

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Quantity of Tobacco be permitted to be exported Annually from England to the said Island. *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported from England into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty on British Hops, imported into the said Island, shall ceat'e and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Farthing be charged upon every Pound Weight of British Hops imported into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That a Drawback of the Whole of the Duties paid on British Hops be allowed upon the Exportation thereof to the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Quantity of Wine to be imported into the said Island be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Eight Pounds be charged upon every Top of Wine imported into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Cotton Yarn, and Cotton doth, of the Manufacture of the said Island, be per- . mitted to be imported into Great Britain without Payment of any Custom Duty, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that no Cotton Yarn, or Cotton Cloth, be permitted to be imported into the said Island from any Place whatever except from Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a limited Number of Sheep be permitted to be exported Annually from England to the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Drawback on Silk Goods exported from Great Britain to the said Island should ceale and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if is expedient that further Provisions be made-, for the better Regulation of the Trade to and from the said Island.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rf'e, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of " this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain " or Ireland, and to relcrain the Tender thereof beyond " a certain Sum," and to lufpend the coining of Silver, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed> to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the

Fifteenth Y'eaf of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and " the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing " the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, " employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, " at the End of the Fishing Season," and for permitting the Importation of Melasses, the Produce of any of the British Colonies or Plantations, into the Island of Newfoundland, free from Duty: And the same was received j and read the First Time. v

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Do/ben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to empower certain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11 0

Anno 38° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1798.

Committee on Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves,

Bill for Pav-ment of Expences in Cafes of Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, deferred.

Q-f Rates

committed.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers of sr. Aiw the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the ParilH Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, to raise Money, by Rates, or otherwise, for the better and more effectual discharging Annuities heretofore granted to certain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Sargent, &ci: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, G Wen Far-several Acts for repairing the Road from The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to - Rolls Bill, ford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, and committed, from thence to Bafngstoke and Odiham, both in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Southern Extremity of Northwarnborough Lane, near Odiham aforesaid, over Northivarnborough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Padlhes of Rotherwicke, -

tingley,

Birmingham Inclosure Bill, passed.

Tweedmouth Inclosure Bill, pallid.

Tower Hill Sewer Bill, presented.

Committee on Shoreditch Poor Bill, icvived.

Swaffham Bulbeck Tn-closure Bill, committed.

Bill to amend A# for divid-in g St. James's Parish, Bi iftol, reported.

38 Geo. III. 11° Mali.. 565

ting ley, and Heckfield, to a Place called The Bull , in the Parish of Swallowfield, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of in the County of

Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chute, Sir William Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of M arwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called 'Tweedmouth and Spittal Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Chapelry of Tzveedmonth, and County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Tweedmouth and Spittle Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Chapelry of Tweed-mouth, and County of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain ancient Infield Lands, within the said Chapelry.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mainwaringpresented to the IToufe, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a new Sewer upon LittleTozver Hill, within the County of

Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the " Poor within the Parish of Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a ' Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish," and also an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for granting further Powers for carrying the same into Effect, was committed, be revived.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Swaffham Bulbeck, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeatie, Mr. Charles Ycrkc, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr Braggereported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing the Parish of " Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol and

County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and . Vol. 53.

" providing a Cemetery or Church Yard and Parsonage " House, within the new Parish," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of Tony Elf on, late of Ho/beach Marsh, in the County of Grazier, but

now of Wisbeach Saint Peter's, in the I lie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, Merchant, and Elizabeth his Wife, situate at Connerby, Manthorpe, and in the said

County of Lincoln, in Trustees, in Trust, to convey the same to the Right honourable Brownlow Lord and for laying out the Purchasc Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Gilbert Heathcote,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Shippers of Goods for Exportation, resident in and near Huddersfield, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town and Parish of Halifax, Shippers of Goods for Exportation;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Matters of Ships; and Setting forth. That the same will, if passed into a Law, reduce the llefponfibility of the Owners and Matters of Ships, at the Risk, and greatly . to the Prejudice, of the Shippers of Goods on Freight, and thereby deprive such Shippers of that Security for proper Care being taken of their Goods, and for the Sufficiency and efficient Equipment of freighted Ships, and the due Navigation thereof, which are essential to the Protection and Encouragement of Trade; and that by the Law, as it now Hands, the Shippers of Goods can protest themselves, by Jniurance, against all Risks which their Goods are exposed to in a Sea Voyage, and for which the Owners of Ships are not responsible, whereas, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, they would (in consequence of the present Responsibility of Ship Owners being removed, or greatly reduced) be exposed to Risks against which they cannot insure; and such Increase of Risk would tend to deter Manufacturers, and other Persons who have been accustomed to export Goods on their own Account, from engaging in such Adventures, and thereby greatly injure the Export Trade of the Kingdom; and that the said Bill purports to exonerate Owners of Ships from Responsibilities to which they are now liable, upon Contrafts already entered into, and thereby to operate as an ex pofi fatto Law, which the Petitioners submit would be highly unjust, and the more so, as the Bill contains no such Provision with respect to the Owners of Vessels navigating the Tideway of Rivers; and that, pending the Discussion of the said Bill before a Committee of the House, a Clause has been introduced to extend the Relief, thereby proposed to be given to the Owners and 7 E Matters

Eldon's Edate Bill, committed.

Petitions from Huddersfield, H lifix, and Nottingham, against Ship Owners Bill *

5 66 11 Ma 1798,

Matters of Ships, to the Owners and Matters of all Vessels employed in the Navigation of the Tideway of any River, and not employed in the Navigation of the High Seas, with xefpeft to any Lois or Damage happening below any Tort or Place in such Tideway, where Ships, or other Vessels employed in the Coasting Trade, do dr shall load or discharge by Entry or Sufferance} and that the Petitioners submit, that they cannot, without great Loss, protest themselves against the Riiks from which it is proposed to relieve Owners of Vessels navigating the Tideway of Rivers, as the Commission and Duty upon Policies of Insurance, for the smallest possible Space, is equal to that upon an Insurance for the longest Voyage, and would in Efteft amount to a ruinous Tax upon the Inland Navigation, whereas the Owners of Vessels may, by an Annual Insurance upon Property, committed to their Care, at a very small Expence, protect themselves against the Riiks they leek to be relieved from, and may apportion such Premium amongst their Freighters} hitherto the Petitioners have not been accustomed to insure their Goods upon Inland Navigations, as the Riik did not amount to One Fifth Part of the Commission and Duty on Insurances, but, if the Riik usually borne by the Owners of Vessels is taken away, the Petitioners mutt either insure at a ruinous Expence, or leave their Property unprotected, under the Care of Persons who will not be sufficiently interested in its Protection to induce them to pay adequate Attention thereto; and that, as the Bill now stands, the Owners of „ all Vessels, of every Size and Description, navigating the High Seas, or the Tideway of a River, would be entitled to the same Degree of Pn> testion, without Regard to the Size or Con-. ' struction of such Vessels, or their Competency to carry the Goods they take on Board with Safety; an open Boat or Barge, however small,

' going from one Place to another, either at Sea. or in a Tide River, will be placed in the same Situation as a regular decked Vessel: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may . be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, at the

Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants and Shippers of Goods xefident in and near Not whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petitions: And praying, That the said Bill (which in its first Form innovated io dangerously upon the Law and Usage on which Mercantile Security has been founded) will not be suffered to pass in any Form, but more particularly with the alarming Clause exonerating Sloop Owners, at least till the Petitioners arc, by themselves, or their Counsel, heard at the Bar of the House against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report which

was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Coun-lcl, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at -the iarne Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

B;H for regu- Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac-i.iiin; News- cording to Order, a Bill for preventing the Mischiefs piTwuuU. ' arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known, z

and for regulating the printing and Publication of such Papers in other Respects: And the same was received. and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

1 An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and en- Bradford ant larging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of paired. King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from ,through

Adwallon,'to Wakefield, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. . 5. 1. 4. To leave out " Thirty-first" and insert"Thirtieth" instead thereof.

1. 5. To leave out " May " and insert Jane" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to Wakefield in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafcell do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and en- Dudley Hit: larging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the " } one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Bill, paired. King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reiftn, so far as. the same relate to the Road from through

Beckwithfhaw, to Killiughall , and from

to the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 29. To leave out " May " and insert " June" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill wjs amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King the Second,

and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through Beckwilhjhaza, to Killingha/k, and from Beckveithfiaw to the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Hugh Bateman, Esquire, was presented Petition of to tire House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill agaii H-u for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open tineto i». Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hartington, in tire County of Derby, and Setting forth, That the Petitioner finds there are several Clauses in the said Bill

of

v.

Rochdale and Burnley Road Bill, rcpoi red, and re-committed.

Rochdale and Prestwich Road Bill, passed.

Rochdale Canal Company's Bill, committed.

38 Geo. III.

11° Mail

5 7

of a very oppressive- Nature, which, if passed into a A Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an

Law, will be injurious to him as a Proprietor of Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Estates in the said Manor and Parish, particularly a. His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Clause respecting Copyhold Allotments: And there- Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut fore praying. That he may be heard by his Counsel, at or near in the West Riding of the County

Solicitor, and Witnesses, against such of the Clauses of York, to join and communicate with the River

Bill for amending Stainforth and Keadby Canal A ft, committed.

in the said Bill as he so considers injurious to him.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, Solicitor, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also, at Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. John Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; for veiling the settled Estate of Edward Seymour Bai/y, Esquire, and Phillis his Wife, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Monies thence arising in Discharge of Incumbrances, the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, alter- and for laying out the Residue, under the Direction of ing, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Ef-leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County tates, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read a Second Palatine of Lancaster,-to the Town of Burnley, in the Time.

said County, was committed ;That the Committee Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found son, Mr.: And they are to meet this Af-

'" same to be true; and that the Committee had ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-

Baily's Estate Bill, committed.

the

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House.; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

ber.

Mr. Dickiufou, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Planters and Merchants interested in, and trading to, His Majesty's Colonies and Settlements in the West Indies, were severally referred; That the Com-

Petitions for a Canal and Docks in the Ifie of Dogs, reported.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Committee to whom the same was committed. Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had An ingrafted Bill to continue and enlarge the Term examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had and Powers of an Act;, passed in the Twenty-ninth directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair.- them, to the House; and he read the Report in his ing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End,'Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

:ning

in the Village of Heyvcood, in the Parish of Bury, to & Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of wich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act; for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Table: Where the same was read; and is as felloweth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations, of the First-mentioned Petition, George Dance, fsiquire, being examined, said, That considerable Disadvantages and Impediments to the Trade of the Port of London, arise from the circuitous Courl'e of the River Thames round the Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Ships and Vessels being sometimes loft; or greatly da-an Act:, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign maged, and their Cargoes injured in attempting the of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Passage round it, or detained below it, for several Days Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Hey together, waiting for a Change of Wind, which Losses

wood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The and Inconveniences might be avoided, and which Delay

would be rendered unnecessary, if a Passage between Blackball and The Pool, could be ejlifted without such circuitous Course as aforesaid: That from the Increase of the Number and Size of Ships and other Vessels trading to the Port of London, the River Thames, in and near the said Port, is in general so much crov.ded with

Lajufs End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in

the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Truf- Shipping, Lighters, and other Craft, that the Navigation

tees and their Heirs, upon certain 'lrufls therein men- of a considerable Part of the said River is thereby ren-tioned, discharged from all Claims of the Crown, in dered tedious and dangerous, and there is great Want respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue cf Room in the said Port for the safe and convenient of, the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mooring of Vessels, and constant Acccfsto them: That wit r.vjrl o Tin-. great Inconveniences are also experienced in the said

Mortmain, was read a Second Time Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 21 ft Day of this Instant May, resolve itself 'into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. -Vol. 53.

Port, from the Want of Regulations concerning the navigating and removing of Vessels in and near the fame, and the Want of a proper Arrangement of Shipsand other Vessels in their several Moorings, with respect: to their Dimensions, the Nature of their Cargoes, and their relative Intercourse with the Custom House: That great Delays, Accidents, Damages, Losses, and Expences, arc

almost

568 ii "Mail 1798.

almost continually sustained from the last mentioned Causes, to the Hindrance and Discouragement of Commerce, and the great Injury of the Public Revenue: That the said Evils might, in a great Degree, be remedied, if the Corporation were enabled to make and maintain a Navigable Canal or Railage, sufficient for Snips and other Vessels, across the said , between B/ackivall and Limehouse Hole, so as to avoid,

when necessary, the circuitous Courie aforesaid, and to purchase the Mooring Chains in the River Thames from London Bridge to the King's Moorings at and

to appoint Harbour Mailers to regulate the navigating and mooring of Ships and Vessels in and near the said Port, which Improvements would give Accommodation and Encouragement to Commerce, and be of great Public Utility: That by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears that such Cut or Canal may be made, and the Petitioners are willing and desirous to undertake the making and maintaining thereof: That he apprehends and believes, if good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, with proper Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, were made and established in some Part or Parts of the Isle of Dogs, with Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses attached thereto, where neccftary, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships and Vessels employed in the Trade, the same would be extremely beneficial to the Trade, and advantageous to the general Commerce of the Port of London, by the Room and Accommodation which would neceU'arity arise from the Removal of the Ships and Vessels employed in the India Trade out of the River, and that such Removal would also tend greatly to the Increase and Security of the Public Revenue; and that by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears that such Wet Docks, Balorts, and other Requisites, may be made and constructed in the Isle of Dogs, which will afford ample and complete Relief and Accommodations to the Port: Then,

Mr. Ralph Walker being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Dance being further examined, laid, That the Want of Accommodation for the Landing and Shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes in the Port of London, has for some Years pad been experienced by all Persons trading to the said Port, and more especially the Persons concerned in the India Trade,

by reason of the confined and crowded State of the Legal Quays in, or belonging to, the said Port: That from the Nature and Value of the Cargoes imported from the West Indies, the Persons concerned in the West India Trade, fuller in a highly aggravated Degree from the heavy Losses occasioned by Plunder, and from the Delay and increased Expence arising from the above-mentioned Causes attending the Discharge of the Ships and Vessels employed in that Trade, and the Public Revenue is thereby materially dimini fired: That if good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, with proper Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, were made and established in some Part or Parts of the Isle of Dogs, with Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses, attached thereto, where necessary, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships and other Vessels employed in the India Trade, the same would not only be extremely beneficial to all Persons concerned in the said Trade, but advantageous to the Trade in general, frequenting the Port of London, by reason of the Room and Accommodation which would necessarily arise from the Removal of the Ships and Vessels employed in the' West India Trade out of the River: That by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears that such Wet Docks, Basons, and other Requisites, may be made and constructed in the Isle of Dogs, and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to make the same at their own Expence: That Application is making to this House by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, for a Bill to enable them to make and maintain a

Navigable Cut or Canal, for the safe and convenient Passage of Ships and other Vessels across the said Isle of Dogs, which Cut or Canal will pass very near to the Place proposed for the Scite of the said intended Wet Docks and Basons; and that the making of the Wet Docks and Canal as above-mentioned, will be the Means of affording certain, adequate, and complete Relief and Accommodation, not only to the West India Trade, but also to all the rest of the Shipping now or hereafter frequenting the said Port of London, and to the general Trade thereof: Then, »

Mr. Ralph Walker being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London: And that Mr. Dickinfun, Junior, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr, Alderman Combe, Mr. Alderman Lufldngton, and Mr, Sewell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bac Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of HinckfeyHill to Hill Gate,

in the Road leading to Farrin the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to The Oxford District of the said Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Mr. Perceval, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Robert Grimfhaw, of Gorton, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-lyne and Oldham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers; and Setting forth. That the Clause in the said Bill, empowering the Company of Proprietors to re-fell Lands absolutely which may not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Navigation and Works, and many other Clauses in the said Bill, will, if passed into a Law, be attended with great Injury and Damage to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Arid Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee,' upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road frorii Doncaflerto the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of Fork and Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

An

Oxford Roadi Bill, committed.

Petition of Mr. Grimfhaw against Minch ester and Ashton-under-lyne Canal Bill.

Doncaster Road Bill, committed.

Woodmafon's Divorce Bill, committed.

Edinburgh Roads Bill, reported.

Bill for regulating the Shipping of Slaves, deferred.

Petition of Merchants of London and Liverpool, against Bill.

38 Geo. III. __ 11 ° Man.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for difiblving the Marriage of James Ef-

quire, with Mary Magdelain, his now Wife, late Mary Magdelain Gavi/le, and for enabling him to marry again,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read & Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 21st Day of this Instant resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudion to the said Committee, That they do hear Couniel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Sir John Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and Noand the Water of Leith', in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Walker, Esquire, of Cunts-, and also, the Petition of Vice Admiral Sir Charles Thompson, Baronet, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next. *

Sir William Dolben, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coalt of Africa, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee Jiad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to repoqt to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:. Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "'this Day Sevennight," and inserting the Words " Wednesday Morning next" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " this Day Sevennight" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Wednesday Morning next" be inserted instead there-

of;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, the Merchants of London and , concerned

in the African Slave Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting

Vol. 53.

forth. That the same will, if pasted into a Law, entirely ruin the Trade; and that the Petitioners feel this the more severely, as it neither has been stated, nor can be proved, either by the Official Returns now before the House, or otherwise, that any Evil or Inconvenience whatever is experienced by the Negroes from their present Mode of Transportation; and that, by an Act, pasted in the last Setlion, the Height between Decks was fixed at Four Feet One Inch, conformably to which many Merchants have caused their Vest'els to be altered, at a very great Expence; and that, as several Ships lo altered, and all that Class of Vessels in which the Slaves are carried in the most perfect Health, and which it has been the uniform Rule of the Legislature to encourage, will be utterly excluded from the British CaTying Trade; and as the Reduction of the Number of Slaves to be carried in the large Ships will render it impossible to continue them in the Trade with any probable Prospect of Advantage; and, moreover, as the Vessels which will be so excluded from this Trade are so construded as not to be fit for any other, an enormous Loss will consequently be incurred by the Owners: An<f therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report be taken into further Consideration; and that tire Petitioners be then, heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 'for exchanging Part of the Estates settled by the Will, of Jacob Houblon, Esquire, for that Part of the Estates

comprized in the Marriage Settlement of his Son Houblon, Esquire, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on Salt, be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Salt," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudion to the said Committee, That they do consider of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. RoJ'e took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had deeded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Reuort be received Tomorrow . 7

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Tiiirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, " and Sale, of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating " thereto," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lufnington, Mr. John Smyth, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

7 F Mr.

Houblon's Eibtrt Bill, read.

Commute- on Salt Duties.

Instruflioa.

Blit to amend.

Act relative to the Packing of Butter, committed.

IVbt

Committee of ScppJjr-

Rtports, &c. referred.

Militia EIB-nurc.

Estimate of Allowances to Militia Officers.

Veterinary College Petition *

570 ii 9 Mail. 1798.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to H is Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Places «uid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question feve rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

1 A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was' re-committed, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year <798, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution, called The Veterinary College, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sargent also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ReJ'o/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

S

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering;, and improving, the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of York, to New , and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Failures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sandy, in the County of Bedford-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Carder being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Is Jcnday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of ti e wiime H -u'c, to consider of Measures for the more eli'eftual Prc-testion of the Trifle of this Country against the Enemy, during the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Fillieries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the " British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the " Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at " the End of the Fishing Sealon," and for permitting the Importation of Melasses, the Produce of any of the British Colonies or Plantations, into the Island of Newfoundland, free from Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships, was committed.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the several Petitions against the said Bill, which W'ere severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Report should be taken into further Consideration, were also read.

Then

The Lords have agreed to

Monk Bridge and New Malton Roads Bill, with Amendments.

Sandy Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Ways and Means, deterred.

Committee oil hlealurej :e-(VcCiing Trade, deterred.

Bill for amending Act respecting British Fisheries, deterred.

Bill for incorporating the Commissioners for Northern Lighthouses, deferred.

Report of Ship Owners Bill, further considered

38 Geo. III.

o O

11----12

Mail

571

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard in Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Bill, re- om- And the House being informed that several other nutted. Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; _

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 12° die Mait;

Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

J /£R. Alderman Lushington presented to the House,

London Port

fcnteZ " JLVi according to Order, a Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 21 ft Day of this lnilant May.

Alconbury Hill and Wansford

Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report

vyansrora from Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing

Brid e &c. the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed

Road Bill, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present re cananuttei Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term " and Powers of several Acts, made for repairing and " amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place called The White Post on Alconbury Hill, " in the County of Huntingdon, to' Wansford Bridge, " in the said County, called The North Division of " the North Road, and for repairing the Road leading " from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to ilthe City of Peterborough, in the County of " ton," and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, was committed.

Mr. Fe/lowes accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Edward of Epsom, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, and Samuel Edwards, of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, Gentleman, referred to their Consideration; anti had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

lord The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendment Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in-c°ofure Bill," tituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several greed to Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sandy, in the County of Bedfords V5>

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 54. 1. 6. After " Lincoln" insert " and Pa- *

" tron."

Pr. 58. 1. 18. After " Diocese" insert " and Patron."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were; upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Air. Ml owes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordflvps.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of \Thurcaston, in the County of Lei refer, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 23 Acres of Land; who refilled to consent to the Bill; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure consists of 1,148 Acres 1 Rood and 13 Perches of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingr oiled.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coalh of Africa, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be fuilicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish and Lordship, or Liberties, of Swithland, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee.; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theft a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Eberhard Fredrick was

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

Thtorcnfton Inclosure Bill, reported

Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves, to b9 printed.

Swithland Inclosure Bill, reported *

Rheinwald's Nat. Bill, read#

Block's Nat. Bid, rcJiL

Iff of Mail Bill, patented *

Report Supply.

Militia.

Militia

Omcers.

Veterinary

College.

Report on Salt Duties.

572 12 0 Mail 1798.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Brock, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the ljle if for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said island: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whuie House, to whom it was referred to cor.fder further of the Supply granted to His Mapfty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Rcfj'Vud, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time ol Peace.

Bf jlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary

lege.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Rofc, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole. House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable on Salt, and who were instructyd to consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, " An " Act; for granting t(THis Majesty additional Duties on " Salt," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on Foreign Salt imported into Great Britain, and on Salt brought from Scotland into England, and on Salt or Rock Salt made at any Sait Works, or raised or taken out of any Pits in Great Britain, and on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made in Great Britain, and on Rock Salt exported from Great Britain, and the kveraT Drawbacks, Discounts, Allowances, and BoutUies, payable thereout, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Bushel of Salt, not being the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, that shall be imported into Great Britain, there be charged the Sum of Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, and so in proportion for any greater oriel's Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Bushel of Salt, or Rock Salt, which shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine , or Salt Pit, in England or there be charged the Sum of Ten Shillings, and so in proportion lor ary greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Bushel of Salt, or Rock Salt, which shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, in Scotland, there be charged the Sum of Six Shillings and Six Pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Bushel ot all Salts, known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, which shall be made or produced at any Salt Work in Great there be charged the Sum of Ten Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Ton of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, which shall be made of any Rock Salt, or from any Brine or Sea Water, there be charged the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and lb in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Bushel of Rock Salt, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be charged the Sum of One Penny, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Bushel of Salt, or Rock Salt, which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, having paid the Duty imposed on Sail made in Scotland, there be charged the Sum of Three Shillings and Six Pence, and lo in proportion for any greater or Id's Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for, every Bushel of Salt which shall be made in England ox Wales (li vck Salt excepted) for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall be paid, or secured to be paid, and which Ilia!! be exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Drawback of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Bushel of Salt which shall be made in Scotland (Rock Salt excepted) for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall be paid, or secured to be paid, and which shall be exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Drawback of Six Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Bushel ot Salts, known or called by the Name of Glauber ox Epjlm Salts, which shall be made or produced at any Silt Work in Great Britain, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall be paid, or secured to be paid, and which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Drawback of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every One Hundred Weight of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake (commonly called Habcrdine) which shall contain in Length Fourteen Inches, or upwards, from the Bone in the Fin to the Third Joint in the Tail of every such Fish, and which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of Wet "Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, containing Thirty-two Gallons, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of Salmon, containing Forty-two Gallons, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of Four Shillings and Six Pence.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of White Herrings, containing Thirty-two Gallons, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of full Red Herrings, containing Thirty-two Gallons, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of One Shilling and Nine Pence.

Resolved,

38 Geo. III.

12 — 14 Man.

'573

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of clean Shotten Red Herrings, containing Thirty-two Gallons, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Last, confiding of Ten Thowfand dried Red Sprats, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards or Seads, containing Fifty Gallons, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of Seven Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of Beef or Pork, containing Thirty-two Gallons, which shall be salted in England or Wales with Salt which shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon, and which shall be exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of Beef or Pork, of Thirty-two Gallons, which shall be salted in Scotland with Foreign Salt (without Mixture of Britishi or Irish Salt) which shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon, and which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Bounty of Five Shillings.,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person or Persons to whom any Salt shall be delivered, free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, shall be allowed a greater Quantity of Salt than Fifty Pounds Weight of Salt for every Hundred Weight of dried Cod, Ling, or Hake; Fifty-six Pounds Weight for every Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons of Wet Cod, Ling, or Hake} Thirty-six Pounds height for every Barrel containing Forty-two Gallons of Salmon; One Hundred and Forty Pounds Weight for every Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons of White Herrings; Sixty-five Pounds Weight for every Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons of full Red Herrings; Fifty-six Pounds Weight for every Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons of clean Shotten Red Her-ings; Twenty-five Pounds Weight for every Last confiding of Ten Thousand dried Red Sprats; and Two Hundred and Eighty Pounds Weight for every Calk containing Fifty Gallons of Pilchards or Seads; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Fish respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty now payable on Licences for making of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Licence, authorizing any Person or Persons to make Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, in Great Britain, there be charged a Duty of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Compensation should be made to the Commissioners and Officers employed in England in the Collection and Management of the Duties on Salt, who shall or may be deprived of their Employments, and the Salaries and Emoluments arising therefrom.

' The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 53.

Luttee, 140 die Matt;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

/~ ARL Friedrich Giefler took the Oaths appointed, in Giefler sworn. order to his Naturalization.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act De vifme's for naturalizing Emily De Vifme, an Infant, was read a Emitted. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Carl Friedrich Giefler, was reaci Giefler's Nat. a Second Time. _ c""mt‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Baker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Uehfield Cato explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session gbl , " of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain and committed.

" amend an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Number of " Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church of " Licffield, and for improving the Deanry and Prebends " of the said Cathedral," and to make furthtr Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabrick Fund thereof was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Baldwin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bishop of London's and Grand Junction Canal Agreement Bui, reported *

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into

between Beilby Lord Bishop of LondonThomas Wood,

Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope, Esquire, Sir John Morfhead, Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert ThiJ Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junblion Canal, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughput; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Weston Tur-and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Vlile Inclosure Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Weflon Tur-ville, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Weflon,

in the County of Buckingham.

7 G

Bill, passed.

140 M

Counsel ordered on Petition from Faringdon against Tet-bury and Malradbury, &e. Roads Bill.

Report on Beverley, &c. Drainage Bill, further confi-dored *

Caddmgtot?

lacloliire Bill, committed.

574

Ordered That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Costcurrence.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, within the Town and Parish of Faring don, in the County of and within the several Parishes, Towns, and Villages, of Little Coxzi)ell} Fernham, , Comp-

ton, Ashbury, ldstone. Great Coxzve/l, Longcot, field, Skrivenham, Bourton, Bishopstone, Swindon, and Wootton Bajfett, in the said County, and the County of Wilts, which was presented to the House upon the ill Day of this Instant May, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackaments Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at A Bon Turville, and also from Sherstone, to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath, and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving, several other Roads communicating the rewith, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, or Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grovehill, Sand holme. Stork hill, field, Arram, Scorbrough, Lockington, Ayke, Befwick, Wilf-holme, Kilnwick, Wat ton, Hutt Rotfea,

tlierholme, Skerne, Brigham, Fishholme, Nafferton, Low-thorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, Foston, Carnaby, Fraifthorp,

Burton- Agnes, Granfmoor, LiJJ'et, Barmston, Ulram otherwise Owram, SkipJ'ea, Dringhoe, Beeford, North Froddingham, Brandes-Burton, Moor-Tozvn, Emmotland, Hemp-

holme, Goodhill House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. . *

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Honywood, Sif Edward Knatch &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A. 1798.

1 ( r

S\r Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain undivided Moieties of several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in SuJJ'ex, Part of the settled Estates of Sir John Honywood, Baronet; in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof, ui?der the Direction of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the tame to bd true; and that the- Parties concerned had given their Consent to, the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the J Bill in at the Clerk's Table;

And the said Bill was read the Third Timer

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edzpard Knatchbull do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment *

Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, indoling, and draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and " Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of War boys, in the County of Huntingdon," as relates to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out and allotted in lieu of Tythes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Kirton, of Gray's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, joint Lord of the Manor of Warboysi in the County of Huntingdon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Bill is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, it being for the Purpose of repealing so much of the said Act as directs that the Allotment of Land, which was to be set out in lieu of the Tythes payable to the Rector of the said Parish, should be awarded to the Two joint Lords of the said Manor, and that, in consideration thereof, the same Allotment, together with certain other Allotments of Land belonging to the said Lords, should be subject to the Payment of certain Annual Corn Rents to the said Rector, which Part of the said Act it is expedient should be repealed, it being found that the Allotments, so directed to be. awarded and allotted to the said joint Lords of the Mar nor, would not be a sufficient Security for the said Com Rents, and the Bill being also for the further Purpose of directing that the Allotment for Tythes should now be awarded to the Rector; and that the Committee had. considered the said Petition, and examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the said John Kirton, one of the said Two Lords of the

Manor, who refused to sign the Bill, but who, before the Bill was presented, had expressed his Consent to the Application being made to Parliament; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of

Monk

SirJohnH«iy-wood s ERate Bill, reported, and passed.

Bill to

Warboys I»-closure A&j reported *

Lord#

Amendments to Monk Bridge and New Maltoa Roads Bill, greed to *

falmcibury taving Bill; patented.

Petition in fa ♦oar of Ship jUvvaerfr Bill *

Edinburgh Two Pennies Scots Bill, reported, and e committed>

Rochdale and Rurnley Road re-committed Bill, reported.

38 GeO. ill;

i4° M

575

r

Monk Bridge, near the City of York, so New Mahon, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the Courtty of York, and lfo from. House,

in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid. 4 .

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; vit,

Pr. 7. 1. 3. Leave out " " arid insert

" June."

And it appearing that the said Amendments were for the Purpose of altering the Day appointed for the First Meeting of the Trustees, which Day, as fixed in the Bill, when it. passed this House, being the 13th Day of April, had elapsed during the Progress of the said Bill in the House of Lords;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; .

Ordered, That Mr. Baldzvin do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr; Ejlcourt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Mahnesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the lame, and for removing and preventing Nuisances; Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.' And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' ResolveediThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in Weymouth, and Melcombe Regis, ind the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House; and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships: And praying That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

Mr. William Dundasreported froni the Committee,

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for commuting the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of , for the

Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hiim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other -Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; .

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Vpj.. S3-

throughoutarid then, ri Second Time, . One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed tp by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,' with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

A Message froth the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys: .

Mr. Speaker,'. - . \ '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-, rnonable Pasture and Turbary Lands, and for exchanging, allotting, and fencing, the Open and Commonable Arable Lands, and for Hinting and regulating the flocking and depasturing certain Droves, in the Village or Hamlet of Catcot within the Parish of Moorlinch, in the county of ; without any

Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next; Session of Parliament, Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth,

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe,

" in the Parish of Winterflow, to Harnkam Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of " Saint Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the " Parishes of Land ford and Brooke, and from thence M to Ealing, arid from Land ford aforesaid, through " Giver and Yeftwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the Counity df Southampton,' and the other passed in the

Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and kihgwoodTurnpike Road, near the

House of Francis Fry, to Lyand from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing the Footways Within the said City; without any Amendrrient: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Veiling certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, deviled by the Will of the late Arthur Jones, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, -digan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and Liberties

of London and Westminster, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale, together with the Sum of Fifty-three thousand Three hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, Handing in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, on Trust, in a certain Cause in the said Court, Macnamara against Jones, being the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of the said Testator Arthur Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees to grant Leased of the Estates so to be purchased, and also to cut Timber growing thereupon, subject to Restrictions; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. _ .

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time *

The Lords iiave agreed !

Catcott Division and Allotment Bill.

Lobcombe Comer and Ham ham Bridge Road# Bill.

The Lord# have passed

Jones's ElUtft Bill.

Bill, read.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Edinburgh, further Confederation the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill- for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty- ' ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North Ejk,

and

tn6 \ if Man. A. 1798.

and the Water of Leith, in the said County, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Consideration upon Thurs Morning next.

Report of The House, according to Order, proceeded to take ivTir re< 'nto further Consideration the Report which was made ther confi-Ur" from the Committee to whom the Bill for obviating de«d. and removing Doubts respecting the holding of the Ad-

journments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of and for authorizing the justices of the Peace, ailing in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And one of the Counsel against the Bill having acquainted the House that he appeared on Behalf of the Petition of the Corporation of the Town of Lancaster, and the other of the Counsel against the Bill having acquainted the House, that he appeared on Behalf of a Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the 'Hundred of Lonsdale, and there being no Petition so entitled before the House, and no Petitioners against the Bill besides the Corporation of Lancaster having been ordered to be heard on taking the said Report into further Consideration;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday Morning " next," in order to insert the Words " after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day," instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

It paired in the Negative.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being respectively Justices of -the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, Gentlemen, Clergymen, or Freeholders, within the said County Palatine, which was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of April last, and which was the Petition intended to be referred to by the said Counsel, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petitioners be now heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

And the House being informed that the Parties, who appeared in Support of the Bill, had no Objection thereto;

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be now heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the said Report was again read.

And the said Petitions were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard in Support of the Allegations of the said several Petitions.

And one of the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

H

Then the Counselon both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. s

A Motion Was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed $

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "

" Morning next," in order to insert the Words " this " Day Three Months" instead thereof;

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J»

{Mr. Dent, 1

Lord George Augufius > 17 *

Henry Cavendish: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tlraft upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Lord Hawhefbury be-added to the Member &> Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeo- ingYeomati manry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Cav rJr Purpose of being trained together.

The Lord Hazvkesbury presented to the House, ac- BlUpreftnte . cording to Order, a Bill for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bin f&r «at> Wednesday last, for taking into further Consideration *

Tomorrow Morning, the Report from the Committee txuli ScfenwU of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein dated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798, was re-committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday Morning next," in order to insert the Words u this Day " Three Months" instead thereof;

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Bill for trau-f Order, a Bill for transferring the Management of the ! *

Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excile, and for the Exoifc repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Al- presented.

lowances.

38 Geo. III. 14® — 15° Mait.

577

lowances, and Bounties paid theredut, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, thereon: And the same was received; and read the First Time. . t

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning *

if ember add- Ordered, That Mr Stewart be added to

Wortham118 the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and Bridge Bill, bring in, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River at or neiar

Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

Bill presented. Mr. William Stewart Rose presented to the House,

according to Order a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River itching at or near Nlrtham, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend The Order of the Day being read, for the House to in TanneiT' fe ° ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tideferred.' upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled,

" An Act Concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, " and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Lea- " ther

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee *

Bill to con- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Encoura or re ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ment of Bri- upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, ,an dft Fisherks, Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and " amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the British " Fisheries j"

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill rripefl- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to "‘s the -m- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

lUg Oi Oliver, n'11 1 r

deterred. upon the Bui to revive and continue, fora lime to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this " Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or " Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond " a certain Sum,' and to suspend the coining of Silver;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom ing, resolve itself into the said Coriimittee

Kational Debt The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty paflcU. v sum of Two Hundred Thousand rounds, to be if-sued and paid to the Governor and Company of "the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was, according to Order, read the Third , ‘ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, to be by them, placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debit.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 53.

The Order of the Day being read for the House to Supply, de-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, erreJ' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into the said Committee.

' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and *

' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ans» defer to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hpufe to Committeeo» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, re

to consider of Measures for the more effectual Pro- Trade, defer-testion of the Trade of this Country against the Enemy, red-during the War;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill for Reading of the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the antendingAa-Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in- British'Fflhc-tituled, " An Act for the Encouragement of the Fish- ne», deferred. " eries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and " the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing " the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at " the End of the Fishing Season," and for permitting the Importation of Melasses, the Produce of any of the British Colonies or Plantations, into the Island of Newfoundland, free from Duty;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for the further Encouragement of the Trade tfle of Man and Manufactures of the Ijleof Man, for improving the commit *

Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention 1 of Smuggling to and from the said Island, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned' till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock *

Mar thy 150 dieMaii j

Anno 38® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1798;

Praters.

AN ingossed Bill for confirming, and carrying into doicl ,nd Execution, certain Articles of Agreement made GrancTjunc-and entered into between Beilby Lord Bishop of London, tion Canal Thomas Wood, Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and Agreement Arthur Stanhope, Esquire, Sir John Morfhead, Baronet, Bill, puffed, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement made and (entered into between Beilby Lord Bishop of London, Thomas,

7 H Esquire,

V

578 150 Mail, 1798.

Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and Arthur Stan- be. An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in

hope, Esquire, Sir John Afor (head, Baronet, and Dame the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Eiizabeth his Wife, and Robert Fhijilethwayte, Esquire, jesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, inclosing, and and Selina- his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors " draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Paf of The Grand Junction Canal, and for other Purposes c< tures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, therein mentioned. " within the Manor and Parish of in the '

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the " County of ," as relates to the Lands or

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Grounds thereby directed to ,be set out and allotted in

lieu of Tythes. x

Oicder's Nat. Mr. John Pitt reported from the Cornmittee.to whom That Lord Viscount Hinc king brook do carry

Bill, reported. the Bill for naturalizing Carl Friedrich Giester, was com- the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to''be true; Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook reported from the Com- Alconbury and that the Committee had directed him to report the mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and Hansford Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Bridge, &c. delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. " An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Bill, reported.

" Acts, made for repairing and amending that Part of Hartington Lord George Augnjius Henry Cavendish reported from " the Road leading from a certain Place called The re ortetTBl1 ie Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- " White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Hufi-repor . cl0fing the Common and Open Fields, Melne Inclo- u , to Bridge, in the said County called

sures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor " The North Division of the North Road, and for re-and Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby, was " pairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said committed; and to whom the Petition of Hugh Bate- County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in Man, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had " the County of Northampton," and for more effectually examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the repairing and improving the said Roads, was re-com-House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied mitted; That the Committee had made several othet with; and that the Committee had considered the said Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him Petition, and had examined the Allegations of thp to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Par- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the the Satisfaction of the Committee (except certain Per- Amendments were Once read throughout; arid then a fons whole Property is assessed to the Land Tax at Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe-£.23. 7 s.8 d.who refused tofignthe Bill; and that the verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Whole of the Property'of Persons interested in the In- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inclosure is assessed at £.388. ujs. 8d.); and that the grofled.

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made leve-

ral Amendments thereuntd, which they had directed Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildmay reported from the Bill forea-

him to report to the House; and he read-the Report Committee, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Art in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with of making new Models and Calls of Bulls, and other Moaets, Bufb, the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Things therein mentioned, was committed; That the reported. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question > and found the same to be true; and that the Commit-severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report ingrossed. to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid

afterwards delivered the' Bill, with the Amendments, in Tower Hill A Bill for-making and maintaining a new Sewer upon at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Sewer Bill, Little Power Hill, within the County of Middlesex, v/as Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One committed. read a Second Time. by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alain- were agreed td by the House.

tearing, the Lord Mayor of London,&c.: And they are Ordered, That -the Bill, with the Amendments, be

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the ingrossed. -: .

Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do make the Report from Kensworth Houblon'$ An v ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and al-Eilat Bill, Act for exchanging Part of the Estates settled by the lotting, with" Powers to inclose, the Open and Common commute . of Jacob Houblon, Esquire, for Part of the Estates Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands,

comprized in the Marriage Settlement of his Son John within the Parish of Kensworth, in the County of Hert-Houblon, Esquire, was read a Second Time. ford, was committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram- Ml. Baker accordingly reported from the said Com-fton, Mr. John Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet this mittee. That the Committee had examined, and found Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills Chamber. of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the ♦

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill for amending so much of an Act, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties c Tiir Afti" Pa etl n die Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the poiied. present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, in- Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of " closing, and draining, the Open Common Fields, 122 Acres of Land, who refused tofignthe Bill; and Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclo-' " and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of sure consists of 1,964 Acres or thereabouts; and that

" Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon," as relates to no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through and allotted in lieu of Tythes, was read the Third the Bill, and made several Amendments; thereunto.

Time. which they had directed to be reported to the House;

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-i 1 livered

Members added to Committee on-General Turnpike Acts.

Petition in favour of Bill relative to the Packing of Butter *

Committee on Twifleton's Divorce Bill.

Whipsnade Inclosure Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III.

15° M

S19

livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once jread throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments} be ingrafted.

Ordered,~ThtdL Mr. Shum, Mr Mr. Vansittart,

Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Shaw , Mr. Wiljan, Mr *

Dick ins, Sir tfenryPaulet Saint John Mildmay, Sir Thomas Charles Bimbury, Mr. Wigley, Mr., Mr.

Mr. Atkinson, all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe, and all the Merchants in the House, be added to the Committee, appointed to take into Consideration an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, 'the general Laws, now i ‘ in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Pur-

" poles;" and also an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explained -amend the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Continuing and granting" an additional Tirin 'df Ijfrve Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads f «,

A Petition of the several Petfohs, whole Karnes art thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, /efident in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and its Environs, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Rrsign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘f An Act " to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, " and Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating " thereto:" And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Owner of Land, rated to the Land Tax at £.4. 12 s. who refused to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed is rated-to the Land Tax at £.38. 4J 9 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pole the Bill); and that the" Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- ' unto, which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place;and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amnndments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Oqe; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted *

A Bill for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the kill for rega printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a *

like Nature, by Perfctns not known, and for regulating committed, the pripting and Publication of such Papers in other Respects, was, according to Order, read a Second Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 25th Day of this Instant May, resolve , itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill *

Ordered, That Leave be given td bring in a Bill to kill to amend amend several Laws of Excile relating to Coachmakers, ordered! "3 ' Auftiorteers, Beer, and Cyder exported, Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, and Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets: And that Mr.

Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. %

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill The House was fnoved, That an Act, made in the Bill for re-from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for tyon Li-Marriage of the Honourable and Reverend Thomas James " granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the cences to eu-Twijleton with Charlotte Anne Frances, his now Wife, " several Matters therein mentioned, and for better r»te >®rdere<i late Charlotte Anne Frances Wattell, and for enabling him " securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men- by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in tioned. " certain Courts of Justice in Great might

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. be read.

Mr. Baldwin took the Chair of the Committee, And the same being read accordingly;

lr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for »

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, That repealing so much of the said Act, as imposes a Duty they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared the Office of Curate in any Church or Chap el: And before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, Sir William Scott, and Mr *

Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

House, without anyAmendment: And he delivered the

Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

:' ' Reading of the Bill fot transferring the Management sak Duties ta Sir John Honywood reported from the Committee, to of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, the E«iie, whom the Bill for extinguishing all Right of Common and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Draw- etmunme in, upon, or over, certain Woods ot Wood Grounds, backs, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and in the Parish of Whipsnade, in the County of Bedford, for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and for enabling William Beckford, Esqilire, the Owner and Bounties, thereon, be now read, of the said Woods or Wood Grounds, to indole the . And the said Order being read accordingly;

fame,'and for veiling a perpetual clear Yearly Rent The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Charge, to be issuing out of the same Woods or Wood Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Grounds, in the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, RefoThat the Bill be committed to a Gom-to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Compenfa- mittee of the whole House.

tion for such Right of Common, was committed; That Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-the Committee had examined, and found that the ing next, resolve-itself into a Committee of the whole Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In- House, upon the said Bill.

closure, had been complied with; and that the Com- Ordered, That fvjch a Number of Copies of the said mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Bill be printed, as (Hall be sufficient for the Use of the-found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- Members of the House.

Yol. 53. - A Message

The Lord have agreed to

Bleathwood Inclosure Bill *

Dewsbury and Faland Road BilL

Wilbarfton Inclosure Bill.

Bill to amend Neath Canal Act.

The Lords have paiied Sir Robert Law! ey's £f-UteBU].

Guitton's Estate Bill.

Bill for repealing the Duty on Licences to Curates, predicted.

Northern Liehthoulcs Bill, deferred.

Bill respt sting the coining ot silver, dcfcrird.

580 150 — 1 6a 1798-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Bleathwood mon, within the Parish of Little in the County of Hereford',without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King 'George the Second, and the Nineteenth Yeah of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealain the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Phrtih of Wilbarfton', in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign- of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill,' intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Baronet, in the Counties of Stafford anti Warwick, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, for the said Sir Robert Lawley, to be sold, and for settling other Lands

and Hereditaments, in the County of of greater

Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Guitton,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on " the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out " by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in G ," as imposes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Cha-. pel: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in 1 the Northern Parts of Great read a

Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to' be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to proLibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this " Realm from Foreign Countries into Britain or " Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond " a certain Sum," and to suspend the coining of Sjjver. >,

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accord ingly *

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Bill, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the ljle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, i6° die Maii\

Anno 38 Georgii III. " Regis, 1798. Prayers.

1 ,

A PETITION of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the Borough of , in the County of Berks: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, in the Town of Hertford \and its Environs: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the Town of Malden, in the County of Essex, and its Environs: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the City of Westminster: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the City of Bristol, and its Environs;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses " and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale " of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating the reto:" And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Emily de Vifme, an Infant, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed- Bill for naturalizing Carl Friedrich Giester, was read the Third Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Carl Friedrich Giester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Isle of Man Bill, to be printed.

Petitions ia favour of Bill relative to the Packing of Butter.

De yifrae'i Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

Giefler's NSt Bill, passed.'

feheinwald's Nat. Bill, committed.

Brock's Nat. Bill, committed.

Redmore and Holly Hall "Roads Bill, reported.

Twifleton's Divorce Bill, passed.

Chilton Trinity, Wernb-don. See. Di-Vilion and Allotment Bill, Reported.

38 Geo. III. 160 Maii: 581

An ingrossed Bill from thd Lords, intitbled, An Act for naturalizing Eberhard Fredrick was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Brock, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Milford, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Aits, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from to Holly Hall, and

other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall; and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for difl'olving the Marriage of the Honourable and Reverend 'Thomas James Twijleton with Charlotte Anne Frances, his now Wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances Wattell, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Commons or Moors, called Chilton Common, otherwised Wild Marsh, Pury Green, and Harp Common, and also for dividing, regulating, and improving, certain Common Fields or Grounds, called Chilton Moor and Pury Moor, all situate within the several Parishes of Chilton Trinity, Wembdon, Durley, and Bridgzvater, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Two Horse Lcazes, who refused to sign the Bill, and also the Proprietors of Two Horse Leazes, and 150 Sheep Leazes who had not been applied to, on Account of their living at great Distances; and that the whole Number of such Common Rights, upon the Land to be divided and inclosed, consists of 66 Horse Leazes, and 1,600 Sheep Lcazes; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

Vol. 53.

directed him to report to the J-louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second, lime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second'' Reading of the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the " British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the

" Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at " the End of the Fishing Season," and for permitting the Importation of Melasses, the Produce of any of the British Colonies or Plantations, into the Island of Newfoundland, free from Duty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for obviating and removing Doubts reipeding the holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of caster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House was m6ved. That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for holding the Assize for the County " of Cornwall at a convenient Place within the said " County," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County to hold an Annual General Sessions, and jflfo a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precitfes, and Territories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley,

Storkhill, Molescroft, Leckonfeld, Arrant,

Lockington, Ayke, Befwith, Wi.'fholme, Wat ton,

Hutton-Cranswick, Rotfea, FeatSkerne,

Fishholme, Nafferton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, Foft on, Carnaby, Fraifthorp, Burton-Agnes, Granfmoor, Liffet, Barmfton, U/ram otherwise Owram, Skipfea, Dringhoe, Beeford, North Froddingham, Erandes-Burton, Moor-Town, Leven, Emmotland, , Goodhill

House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Secretary Dundas (by His Majesty' Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been

7 I informed

Bill for amending Act respe£Hug British Kdhe-ries, put off for 3 Months#

Lancaster 9effions Bill passed.

King' Consent to Beverley, See. Druitt-age Bill.

Petition from Lanark for a Tax upon Projwrrty.

\6° Mail .1798;

informed of :the Purport of the said E ill, gives His collecting the Tax proposed, the Petitioners will not Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, intrude their Opinion, leaving it to the Wisdom of the that the Housemay do therein as they shall think fit. Legislature to adopt such Measures as may be most Then the said feill was read the Third Time. effectual for carrying the Plan suggested into Effect,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title neither will they propose to what Extent Property be, An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, should be taxed; their only Object in making the pre-the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Pa- sent Application is that every Man in the Country frlhcs, Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and may contribute to the Support of Government, ac-Territories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grove hill, cording to the Extent of his Fortune, and that the Peti-Sandholme, Storkhill, Molescroft, Leckonfield, Arram, tioners may contribute an equal Proportion of theirs in Scorbrough, Lockington, Ay\e, Befwick, IVilfholme. Kiln- defending the happy Constitution under which they have

wick, Watton, Hutton-Granswick, Rotfea, Featkerholme, the Blessing to live: For this Purpose the Petitioners

Skerue, Brigham, Fishholme, Naffer/on, Lowthorpe, Harp- have made the present Application to Parliament; and

Jtarn, Little Ke/k, Foston, Burton-Agnes, Granfmoor, Lifer, they trust a Bill will be brought in to enable His Ma-Barmston, Ulram otherwise Owram, Skipfea, Dringhoe, jesty to levy a certain Sum of Money from each of His Beeford, North Froddingham, Brattdes-Bitrton, Moor-Town, Subjects according to the Extent of their Property,

Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and Strun- under such Restrictions As to the Wisdom of Parlia-cheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York, ment shall seem proper: And therefore praying, That Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to a Bill maybe brought in to levy a certain Sum of Mo-the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. hey according to the Extent of the Property of the

Subjects, or that an equal and rateable Burthen may A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemeri, Land- be imposed on them for the Support and Preservation holders, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of of the Country, its Religion, Constitution, Laws, and Supply of the County of Lanark, assembled at a Gene- Independence.

ral Meeting called for that Purpose, was presented to Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petition- Table.

ers fee an Enemy , the Progress of whose Arms hitherto

has been marked with Rapine, Cruelty, and Bloodshed, The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill for Regn-

directing their serious Attention, and concentrating last Session of Parliament, intituled; " An Act for ena- kfiorudCav

their Force, to the Invasion of this Country, with a " bling His Majesty tt) raise a Provisional Force of ordered. *

View to ruin our Commerce; and to sacrifice, to their " Cavalry to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for

boundless Ambition, the Property, Lives, and Liber- " the Defence of these Kingdoms," might be read.

tics, of our Country: With such an Enemy in Prospect, And the same was read accordingly.

the Petitioners know the Subjects. of this free Nation The House w'as also moved, That another Act;

will not fit idle Spedtators of their Danger at such a made in the last Session of Parliament, to explain and

Crisis, one Spirit will animate the Whole, and, fight- amend the said Act, might be read.

ing for ill that is valuable in Existence, they will live And the same being read accordingly;

or fall with the Constitution of their Countryj and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill for

that the Petitioners have implicit Confidence in the the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry;

Relources of these Kingdoms, both in Men and Mo- raised by virtue of the said Acts: And that Mr. Se-ney, the latter, in Emergencies like the present, is no cretary Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor

leis necessary than the former, and therefore ought to of the Exchequer, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring be brought forward by all Ranks, in the Proportion in the fame, suited to their Circumstances; the Endeavours of the

House to levy these by an Act for increasing the Aflef- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for billet-led Taxes, the Petitioners have considered, with the Reading of the Bill for authorizing the billeting such Yeomanry utmost Attention, but the Result of their Reflections Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of mittei has been, that the Sums, that will thereby be raised, assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, are neither adequate to the Necessity of the Times, nor be now read.

the Mode of raising them suited to the Urgency of the And the said Order being read accordingly;

Occasion: The Petitioners are convinced that every The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Subject of this Country is satisfied he ought to pay for Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

the Protection he receives, and mull contribute a Part Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-

of His Property to preserve the Remainder; the Peti- tee of the whole Housei

tioners cannot help thinking, that the Increase made Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-upon the AflelTed Taxes is, in some Degree, partial in ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole its Effects, not laying the Burthen upon the Whole, in House, upon the said Bill, just Proportion, and exempting at lead some of those

who are best able to bear it; the Petitioners are most A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lords willing to pay their Shares of the AlfelTed Taxes, and Pepys: have paired

with singular Satisfaction they have observed the Liber- Mr. Speaker,

ality with which Subscriptions have been made; but The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hyde's Eftat only those who are diverted of Party Prejudices do thus veiling certain Messuages and Lands at Chorlton Row lubscribe, while others, perhaps more able, from mil- and Grindlow, in the County of Lancaster, in the taken Notions, withhold their Support: Impressed, Guardians of John Hyde, Esquire, an Infant, the only therefore, with the highest Sense of the Duty they owe Son and Residuary Legatee named in the last Will and their Country, the Petitioners have humbly to propose, Testament of Nathan Hyde, Esquire, deceased, in Trust, that Money should be raised for the Public Service in to contract with Holland Ackers, Esquire, for the Sale this Hour of Danger in a Way more equitable in its of, and to convey the same to him upon the Terms Operation, and more certain in its Effects; that each mentioned and specified in a certain Contract made by Individual should give to Government a certain Part the said Nathan Hyde with the said Holland Ackers, and of his Property, of every Description, from which in case the said Holland Ackers shall not be willing to Government may draw a Supply suited to the present enter into such Contract, then to contract with any Emergency; every Individual would thus pay accord- other Person or Persons for the Sale of, and to convey ing to his Ability, on none would it fall with partial the same together, not in Parcels, to such Person or Severity: In fixing the proper Mode of laying on and Persons, upon the same or better Terms; to which the 7 Lords

8 Geo. III.

1(9 — if Mali.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, .

Whitbread's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to tihte Bill. confirm the Renunciation and Release of James Gordon, Esquire, as one of the Devisees in Trust of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, deceased, and to give Powers of Sale and Exchange over the settled and devised Estates late of the said Samuel Wand Powef of changing and appointing new Trustees of the same Estates, and also Power of granting Building Leases of certain Parts thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

feffljMd. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm the Renunciation and Release of James Gordon, Esquire, as one of the Devisees ii> Trull of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, deceased, and to give Powers of Sale and Exchange over the settled and devised Estates late of the said Samuel Whitbread, and Power Of changing and appointing new Trustees of 'the same Estates, and also Power of granting Building Leases of certain Parts thereof, was read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House feezin' 8 f ~ c ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade! to consider of Measures for the more effectual Pro-tedlion of the Trade of this Country against the Enemy, during the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee of Ways and 'Means.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Armorial Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Or-

frefcnted.BlH er, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued. with tefped to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns: And the same was received; and read the Firfk Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Proceedings Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House p"yment°of to rcl°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Expences in Vol. 53.

Giles of Mif-demeanors.

to consider further of the Bill to empower certain Courts to order the Expences,. attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tsllerc for the Yeas,{ } 23-

Ttllerc for tfceNo jj iSSiy'r } '

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and ft being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten erf the Clock.

yovis, 170 die Mail;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whole Petitions in Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers reUive th in Butter, resident in the City of Chichester, in the Packing of County of Sujj'ex, and its Environs: And also. Butter,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the County of Essex;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses " and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto;" And praying, That the same may . pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Rheihwaid's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Eberhard Fredrick Rheinwald, was com- afled.' mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to tire Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to- the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, fcochdale and widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, S rnleynRjM< the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the 1 PJ 1 County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. B/ackbume, of do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

pedmore and Holly U.tli Roads Bill, passed.

M' rnber added to bring in Holr Division and Allotment Bill.

Billpresented.

Temple Bar

Improvement Bill, reported, and re-committed.

17° Mali. A. 179S.

An ingrafted Bill for Continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmorc to Holly,

and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from to Holly ;and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, was read the Third Time. ' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, -and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty-, for amending and widening the Road leading from Colley , in , and from Pedmore to Holly Halland other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of and

Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall-, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, b'e added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pdrfuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Reverend Joflina Smith, Clerk, Lord of the Manors of Holt,

Holt Hales, and Holt Market, in the County of Norfolk, Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Holt, in the said County, and Rector and Incumbent of the said Parish of Ho/t, and of l'everal other Persons, being Proprietors of Estates in the said Parish of Holt, or other-wile interested in the Pretnifesi

Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Holt, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shack-age, and Common, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, and in, over, and upon, certain Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Letheringfett, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committed:, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for widening and improving the Entrance into the " City of London near Temple Bar; for making a more " commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for " raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum " of Money for those Purposes," was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, and Lease-holders having Estates in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of them-lelves and others, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forvefting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Law- tate Bill, read. ley. Baronet, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, for the said Sir Robert Law/ey, to be sold, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Salop, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was fead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for'dividing and iftclosing the Common and Open Fields-, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, passed. and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.-

Pr. 49. 1. 29. To leave out " Mortuaries,

" Dues."

1. 36. After " Hartington" to insert " Mortuaries, Easter Dues, and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hartington, in the County of Deiby.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge reported from the (Committee, to whom St. Philip and the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Over- s George, seers, and principal Inhabitants, and Persons paying or (Gloucester) contributing to the Relief of the Poor, and also to the Repair of the Highways in the Out Parish of ported.

Philip mid Jacob-, and in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for dividing the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, in tire County of

Gloucester, and in the City and County of and for erecting a Church in the said new intended Parish, was read; whereby it appears, that the Inhabitants within the said new Parish should be divided from, and independent of, the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and be exempt from bearing any Parish Offices or Charges, and from all Dependencies and Contributions for or in respect thereof, except such as are therein otherwise provided; and that all Rates and Levies to the Poor and for the Highways should be made, rated, levied, and assessed, upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and of the said new Parish, jointly and in common, without any Distinction of the Parishes intended by the said Act, and as they were before the making thereof; and that the Work -house then already built, and then Handing in the said Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, should remain, continue, and be, for the joint Ule of the Poor of the said new Parish, and of the said Parish of Philip and Jacob-, and that all Orders of Justices of the Peace for removing of, dr relating to, the Poor, should be made and directed as before the making the said Act:

And, .

Mr. Daniel Pidding being examined, said, That he had been Overseer of the Poor of the Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and Saint George, for Six or Seven Years last pall; that a certain District of the said

Out

38 Geo. III. 170 Mail 585

Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob was divided therefrom, and formed into a separate Parish, being the said Parish of Saint George, and a new Church hath been erected thereon, conformable to the Directions of the said Act; that the Poor have greatly increased since the Division of the said Parish, and that they canhot be so well'provided for in their present State, as if they were separately maintained, and the Rates and Levies divided; that it would be a considerable Saving to each of the said Parishes, and the Highways' would be kept in better Repair, if the Expence of repairing them Was separated and made independent of each other: Then,

Mr. William Radford being examined, confirmed the

above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for separating the Two Parishes, called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and the Parish of George,

-in the County of Gloucester, as to the Maintenance of the Poor, and the Repairs of the Highways, of those Parishes, and as to all Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax, and for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes: And that Mr. Bragge, the Marquis of the Lord Sheffield, and

Mr. Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bin to amend An ingrossed Bill to alter and enlarge the Powers of fa t mes' an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Fanih.Bristol, Reign of His present Majesty, -intituled, "An Act for j>air 4. " dividing the Pafith of James, in the City and

" County of Bristol and County of Gloucester, and fdr " building a Church, and providing a Cemetery or " Church Yard, and Parsonage House, within the new " Parish," was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing " the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of " Bristol and County of Gloucester, and for building a " Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard,

" and Parsonage House, within the new Parish."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for en- An ingrolfed Bill for encouraging the Art of making making of the new Models and Calls of Bulls, and other Things Models, Butts, therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. tie. paired. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Calls of Bulls, and other Things therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Paulet Saint John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Alconbury An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and en-

Wansford larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Bridge, &c. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, taB-d B il' M An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several

L ' " Acts, made for repairing and amending that Part of

" the Road leading from a certain Place called The . " White Post, on Alconbwy Hill, in the County of

" tiv.gdon, to Wansford Bridge, in the said County, called The North Division of the North Road, and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the fai'd " County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough,

" in the County of Northampton,''' and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar upon Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Norman-cropf to the South End of Peterborough

Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing certain Acts relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellnves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Mefiiiages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish Di vision 2nd of Holt, in the County of Norfolk, and entitled to cer- Allotment

tain Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Holt, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all flights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, in, over, and upon all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, and in, over, and upon . certain Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Lt-theringsett, in the said County; and Setting forth, That . if the same should, in its present Form, pass into a I aw, it will be injurious to the Estates and Property of the Petitioners, by depriving them of the Benefit which they now derive from their Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and over the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, within the said Parish: And therefore praying, That the ' said Bill may not pass into£ Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill for n?gu-whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the ship- J in nthe0f ping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the $iaves"lefw-Coall of Africa, was committed, be taken into further red Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the OrdeT of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report which was made from 1 ," the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the further conU-Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of <lered-the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North EJk, and the Water of Leith, in the find County, was committed,'be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And some of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Bin for mak-further Consideration the Report from the Committee jf®xthcerLand of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making per- tu £ ddcrrtd. petual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein Hated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Armorial Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty commuteBl1 *

7 k 'on

586

7

Mail

on Certificates issued with respect. to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the . Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A. 1798.

One Hundred

IK

12.

Report Ways and Means.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-ports'and Ex- je y> there be charged upon every One Hundred ports. Weight of Bitter Almonds imported into this Kingdom, other than by the India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

a. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Jordan Almonds imported into this Kingdom, other than by the India Company, a Duty of Five Shillings and Ten Pence.

3 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of any other Sort of Almonds imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings and Five Pence.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Aloes Epatica imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Aloes Succotrina imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Shillings.

6- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Roch Alum imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Eleven Pence.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Barrel of Anchovies, containing Sixteen Pounds Weight of Fish, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Anniseeds imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to'His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Angelica Root imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

jo. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

M-

jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Additional Pounds Weight of Annotto imported into this King- pom and Ex" dom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of port . Eighteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Antimonium Crudum imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Aqua Fortis imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ij-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Argol imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Arsenic imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Pearl Allies imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Pot Allies imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Afla-fcetida imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Artificial Balsam imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

>S-

16.

>7 *

18.

I *

jesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Balsam Copaive imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Natural Balsam imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Barilla imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cortex Peruvianus, or Jeiuit's Bark, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny.

Resolved,

ao.

at.

2a.

38 Geo. III. i f Mail587

23. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Additional That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-port and-Ex- jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred port . Weight of Oak Bark imported into this Kingdom,

other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence.

24. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Bay Berries imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Ten Pence.

15. Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Bound Books imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Nine Shillings and Four Pence.

a6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-jcily, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Unbound Bboks imported into this King-. dom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty

of Four Shillings and Eight Pence.

27. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon cveiy Gross of Nell Boxes containing Twelve Dozen Nells, each Nell containing Eight Boxes, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Gross of Pill Boxes containing Twelve Dozen Nells, each Nell containing Four Boxes, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence Halfpenny.

29. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Gross of Sand Boxes, containing Twelve Dozen Bo es, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Pence.

30. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton containing Twenty Hundred Weight of Brazil Wood, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pounds and Eight Shillings.

31. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Brimllone imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Nine Pence.

1 32. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Dozen Pounds Weight of Rough or Undreft Bristles imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Five Pence.

13 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Great Bugle imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Shillings.

J4 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Cambogium, or Gutta Gambae, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Nine Shillings.

Vol. 53,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 35-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Additional jesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight pom d fT of Refined Camphire imported into this Kingdom, ports, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 36.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Unrefined Camphire imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One,

Penny Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 37.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Wax Candles imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, 38,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- " jesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cantharides imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 39,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Capers imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 40,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cardemons imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny.. /

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 41,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Cassia Fillula imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 4 .

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Calfia Lignea imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 43,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Caftorum imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 44.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Cheese imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Eleven Pence,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 4s>

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Cinnamon imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 46,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon ever}' Pound Weight of Cloves imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 47,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon dvory Pound Weight of Cochineal imported into this Kingdom, other than by the Eqf India Company, a Duty of Ten Pence,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 48,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight

v »

588 i7° M . 1708.

Additional Weight of Cocoa Nuts imported into this Kingdom, portend Ex- other than by the East India Company, a Duty of ports. Two Shillings and Nine Pence.

49. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Coffee imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence.

50. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Green Copperas imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence.

51. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of White Copperas imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

52. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, of Cordage imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East' India Company, a Duty of One Pound One Shilling and Eight Pence.

53. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Cork imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Pence.

54. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Cream of Tartar imported into this Kingdom, other than, by the East India Company, a Duty of-Three Shillings and Four Pence.

55. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Currants imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence Halfpenny.

56. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Down imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Six Shillings and Six Pence.

57. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Elephants Teeth imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Fifteen Shillings.

j8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Feathers for Beds imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Five Shillings and Four Pence.

59. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Figs imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

fc>. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-jeffcy, there be charged upon every Ton, containing' Twenty Hundred Weight, of Rough or Undressed ' Flax imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Pound Eight Shillings and Nine Pence.

9,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 61. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Additional jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Fustick imported into this Kingdom, other port , than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 62. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Galls imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty, of Four Shillings and One Penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 63. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Gentian imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 64., That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Ginger imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 6j That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Ginfang imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 66. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Gum Arabic imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 6"-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Gum Armoniac imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Ten Shillings and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 6f That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Gum Copal imported into this Kingdom, other than by.'the Company, a

Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 63. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Gum Guaci imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 70-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Gum Senega imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Shillings and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 71. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Gum Tragacanth imported into this Kingdom, other > than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 7 -That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Cow or Ox Hair imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 73. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Horse Hair imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny-.

Resolved

1

4

74-

AddttioHal Duties oh Imports and Exports.

75-

76.

77-

‘ 7 -

79 *

So.

Si.

Si.

S3.

4-

86.

38 Geo. III. 17° Mail. 589

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dom, other than by the itaft India Company, a Duty That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- of Ten Pence.

jesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Human Hair imported into this Kingdom, other than That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-> by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence. jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Weight of Black Lead imported into this Kingdom That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven jesty, there be charged upon every Dozen of Bast or Straw Pence.

Hats or Bonnets imported into this Kingdom, other than That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 88.

by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Pence. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred ' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Weight of White Lead imported into this Kingdom, jesty, there be charged upon every Dozen of Chip, Cane, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One or Horsehair Hats or Bonnets imported into this King- Shilling.

dom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 8y.

Three Pence. ' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, there be charged upon every One Thousand of That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Lemons imported into this Kingdom, other than by jesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing the East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings , Twenty Hundred Weight, of Rough or Undressed and Two Pence.

Hemp imported into this Kingdom, other than by the , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 9° *

East India Company, a Duty of Nineteen Shillings and That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Three Pence. jesty, there be charged upon every Half Piece, contain-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ing Six Ells and an Half, of Cambricks and French That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Lawns imported into this Kingdom, other than by the jesty, there be charged upon every HorleHide imported East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Four into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Com- Pence.

pany, a Duty of Five Pence Halfpenny. , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 9 *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred jesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of and Twenty Ells of Dutch Barras and Heffens Canvas Loih Hides imported into this Kingdom, other than by imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny. India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings and Three

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pence.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 9 jesty, there be charged upon every Cow or Ox Hide That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred and India Company, a Duty of Five Pence. Twenty Ells of Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Elbing, or Canvas, imported into this

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Pounds Weight of Indico, the Produce of the British Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 93-Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, other than That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-by the East India Company, a Duty of Fifteen Shil- jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred lings. and Twenty Ells of Drillings and Pack Duck imported

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Com-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- pany, a Duty of Five Shillings.

jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 94-Pounds Weight of Indico, of the Produce of the That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-United States of America, imported into this Kingdom, jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Ten and Twenty Ells of plain Flanders or Holland Linen, Shillings. not exceeding One Ell- and One Eighth of an Ell in

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Breadth, imported into this Kingdom, other than by That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- the East India Company, a Duty of Fourteen Shillings jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred and Five Pence.

Pounds Weight of Indico, of any other Place, im- That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 95 *

ported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Company, a Duty of One Pound Two Shillings and jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Six Pence. and Twenty Ells of German, Switzerland, East Country

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, (except and Silefta, plain Cloth, not above the

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Breadth of Thirty-one Inches and a Half, imported jesty, there be charged, upon every Ton, containing into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Corn-Twenty Hundred Weight, of Iron in Bars or unwrought, pany, a Duty, of Three Shillings.

imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 96. India Company, a Duty of Ten Shillings and Ten That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Pence. jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Twenty Ells of German, Switzerland, East Country That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- (except and Silefta, plain Cloth, above the

jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Breadth of Thirty-one Inches and a Half, and not ex-Pounds Weight of Ifinglass imported into this King- ceeding Thirty-six Inches, imported into this Kingdom, dom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Six of Five Shillings and Nine Pence. Shillings and Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved,' That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 97 That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-jeftj r, there be charged upon every One Hundred jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Juniper Berries imported into this King- and Twenty Ells of German, Switzerland, East Country, Vol. 53. 7 L (except

Additional Duties on Imports 7 ana Exports.

5QO 17 ° Matt. .1798 *

Additional (except Ru/fia) and Si/e/id, plain Cloth, above Thirty . Duties on im- six Inches in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom, ports and Ex- Other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Ten

Shillings and Three Pence.

98. Refolded. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in Length, of and all other plain Lawns (except French Lawns) not bleached in imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Pence.

99. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-

jetty, there be charged upon every Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in Length, of Silesia and all other plain Lawns (except French Lawns) bleached in Holland, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Five Pence Halfpenny,

too. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred and Twenty Ells of 1 owelling or Napkinning, of the Manufacture of Russia, not exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

toi. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred' and Twenty Ells of Narrow Russia Linen, not other-' wife enumerated, not exceeding Twenty-two Inches

and a Half in Breadth, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence Halfpenny.

10 . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma jetty, there be charged upon every One Hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of , exceeding Twenty-two Inches and a Half in Breadth, and not exceeding Thgty-one Inches and a Half, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India. Company, a Duty of Three Shillings and Seven Pence.

103. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, exceeding Thirty-one Inches and a Half in Breadth, and not exceeding Thirty-six Inches, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the . India Company, a Duty of Five Shillings and One Penny.

104. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be chargee upon every One Hundred and Twenty Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of exceeding Thirty-six Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding Forty-five Inches, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Six Shillings and Four Pence.

405. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred and Twenty-one Ells of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, exceeding Forty-five Inches in Breadth, im-. ported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Ten Shillings and Ten Pence.

106. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma jetty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, of Logwood, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Shillings and Three Pence.

1.07 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of.

Mace imported into this Kingdom, other than by the Addition ! East India Company, a Duty of Eleven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to8.ai;Jr.a-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Mullmadder imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. 109.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-jetly, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of any other Sort of Madder imported into this Kingdom,- other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings and Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ua That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged Upon every One Hundred Weight of Madder Roots imported into this' Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty, of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, m.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, of Mahogany, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Ten Shillings and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, its.

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds' Weight of Manna imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty. of Five Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is. the Opinion of this Committee, itj.

That, towards raising the Supply granted-to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Hundred, containing Fire Score, of Mats, the Produce of Russia, im-,. ported into this Kingdom-, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 1144 That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Melasses imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shitting.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, iij. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of.

Morels imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 116, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred rounds Weight of Myrrh' imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East 'India Company, a Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 117. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Nutmegs imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Eleven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ug. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Bushel of Chesnuts imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 119. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Bushel of small Nuts imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Five Pence Half-.penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, iao. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Gallon of Castor

Oil

Additional Duties on Imports ana Ex- 121. ports.

122.

«23.

12 .

12S.

126.

I27.

128.

129.

ija

31-

' «3 *

38 Geo.ill. 170 M59i

Oil imported into this Kihgdolti, other than By the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Two Hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Pound Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Gallons of Sallad Oil imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Eighteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Two Hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Spermaceti Oil, imported into this Kingdom, other than -by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pounds Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Two Hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Train Oil,-or Blubber or Fish Oil, not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Olibanum or Incense imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Opium imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Thousand of Oranges imported into this Kingdom, other than by the India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings and Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Orchella imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Shillings and Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Pearl Barley, or Barley hulled, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Long Pepper imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings and Three Pence;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Picture of Four Feet Square, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Picture of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet Square imported

Vol. 53.

into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Com-, pany, a Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Picture, under Two Feet Square, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,. there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Pimento imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Last, containing Twelve Barrrels, each Barrel not exceeding Thirty-one. Gallons and a Half, of Pitch, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of-Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to . His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Plate wrought of Gold imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Shillings and Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Silver Plate ungilt imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence-Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Silver Plate, Part gilt, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three-Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ounce Troy of Silver Plate gilt, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of dried Plumbs imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Prunes imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings.

Resolved, T iat it is the Opinion bf this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Quicksilver imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny Half-, penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opiniori of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,' there be charged upon every Thousand of Goose Quills imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, of Rags, fit only to make _Paper, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved,

Additional Duties on Imports and Export.

33 *

34 *

>35-

136.

37 *

138.

»39 *

140 *

14 .

4 »

43 *

44 *

59 *

17° Maiu

A. 1798.

45 . Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- rt'and Ex- je V» there be charged for every One Hundred Weight p>rt!.an of Denia Raisins imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and One Penny.

146. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Faro Raisins imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence.

i47» Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Lipra or Bel Raisins imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence.

148 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Lexia Raisins imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty or One Shilling and Six Pence.

49 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Smyrna Raisins imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Eight Pence.

5° Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Raisins of the Sun imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

tji. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of all other Raisins, not otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One- Shilling and One Penny.

152. _ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of -this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Rhubarb imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Six Pence.

53 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Rise imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Six Pence.

>54 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Rosin imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Pence.

55 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Sacrum Saturni imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Shillings.

>S6 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Safflower imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Shillings.

57 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of

Additional

Dut.d 00

Saffron imported into this Kingdom, otlief than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it, is the Opinion of this Committee, 58. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- port,. ' jesty, there be charged upon every Wey, containing Forty Bushels, of Salt, imported into this Kingdom, t other than by the East India Company, a Duty ol Nine Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tfg. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Salt Petre imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty ol One Shilling and Eleven Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 160. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Sarsaparilla imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Scammony imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 162. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Carraway Seed imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty ' of Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 163.

> That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Clover Seed imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 164. That, 'towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon, every Bushel of Linseed imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins' Committee, 165. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Muilard Seed imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Five '

Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 166. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Onion Seed imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings and Eleven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 167. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Quarter, containing Eight Bushels, of Rape Seed, imported intp this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 168. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,. there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Sena imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 169. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Shumack imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 170. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

v.

38 Geo. JII. 17" Mail. $93

Additional Duties on Imports and Exports.

,7I-

172,

74<

m

176.

jesty, there be charged upon eVcry Pound Weight, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Raw Silk of Turkey imported into this Kingdom, other than by the India Company, a Duty of Five Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Raw Silk of any other Country imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every. Pound Weight, containing Sixteen Ounces, of thrown Silk imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Pence.

173. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,. there be charged upon every Pound Weight,

- containing Sixteen Ounces, of Waste Silk imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Halfpence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred, containing Five Score, of Kid Skins in the Hair, undressed, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings and Two' Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred, containing Six Score, of Lamb Skins in the Wool, undressed, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings and Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Smalts imported into this Kingdom, other thap by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Gallon of Brandy imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence Farthing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thati towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Gallon of Geneva imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny Farthing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Gallons of Rum imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Gallon of all other Spirits, not otherwise enumerated or described, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence Farthing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Succades imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Sugar imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Ten Pence.

' VOL. 53.

>?7

I78.

>79:

180.

181.

18a.

Resolved, That it is the Opinioit of this Committee, ‘8$.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Additional

n . 1 1 1°, 1 r 1 ° r\ ITJJ Dunes on I m-

jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred ports and e -Weight of Tallow imported into this Kingdom other ! >«» than by the East India Company, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, i84-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Tamarinds imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corrimittee, ,8S-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Last, containing Twelve Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding Thirty-one Gallons and a Half, of Tar imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, >86.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 187.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Tortoisefliell imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 188.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, of Tow imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Eleven Shillings and Five Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 189.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Trustees imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence Halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 190.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Turmeric imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 191.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Common Turpentine imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Five Pence Halfpenny. *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 19 .

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Valonia imported into this Kingdon, other than by the f.ajl India Company, a Duty of Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, i9>

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Common Verdigrease imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Six Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinibn of this Committee, 194.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Crystallized Verdigrease imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 195.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Vermilion imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Three Pence.

7 M Resolved,

94 170 Mail. A. 1798.

196. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 207.

u-1esonlm ,at> towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Additional

portend Ex- jeffcy, there be charged upon every One Hundred jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred portend Ex

ports. Weight of Bees Wax, White or manufactured, imported Pounds Weight of Sfanish Wool imported into this ports.

into this Kingdom, other than by. the East India Coni- Kingdom, other than by the East Company, a

pany, a Duty of Six Shillings. Duty of Ten Shillings.

197. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 208.

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Bees Wax, unmanufactured, imported into Pounds Weight of Cotton Yarn imported into this

this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a

a Duty of Four Shillings and Nine Pence. Duty of Seven Shillings. ‘

i98- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 209.

" That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing jesty, there be charged upon every Pound Weight of Two Hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of French Wine, Mohair Yarn imported into this Kingdom, other than imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Pence.

India Company, a Duty of Three Pounds Ten Shillings Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 210.

and Six Pence. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred

That, tow ards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Pounds Weight of Raw Linen Yarn imported into this

jesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Two Hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Madeira Duty of Three Shillings.

Wine, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, n *

East India Company, a Duty of Three Pounds One That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Shilling. jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred

00. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Weight of Yellow Berries, imported into this King-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- dom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty jesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing of Four Shillings and One Penny.

Two Hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Portugal Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Wine, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the That, towatds raising the Supply granted to His Ma-East India Company, a Duty of One Pound Six Shil- jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred

lings and Six Pence. Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Goods,

201. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, not otherwise par-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- ticularly enumerated or described, imported into this jesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Kingdom, other than by the Company (ex-

Two Hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Rhenish, Ger- cept from Ireland) a Duty of Three Pounds.

' man, or Hungary Wine, imported into this Kingdom, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings. jesty, there be charged for every One Hundred Pounds.

02. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the true and real Value of all Plain White Calli-' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- coes. Plain White Dimity, Plain Muslins, Nanquin jesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing Cloth, Muslins or White Callicoes, flowbred or Hitched ' Two Hundred and Fifty-twO Gallons, of SpanijhWine, Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated of imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East described, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

India Company, a Duty of One Pound Twelve Shil- prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, import-> lings. ed for Exportation only, according to the Gross Price

203. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, at which the same shall have been publicly sold at the That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Sales of the East India Company, Without any Deduc-jesty, there be charged upon every Ton, containing tion therefrom, except so much as the Duties of Cuf-Two Hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Wine, not toms due and payable on such Goods respectively shall

otherwise enumerated or described, imported into this amount to, a Duty of Three Pounds.

Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, '+

Duty of One Pound Twelve Shillings. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

204. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Pounds of the true and real Value of all Sugar imported jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, of the Growth or which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of Production of Turkey, imported into this Kingdom, the Company, a Duty of Three Pounds,

other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Four Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Shillings. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

205. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Pounds of the true and real Value of all Indico and jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, according Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, of the Growth or to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly Production of any of the British Colonies, imported sold at the Sales of the East India Company, a Duty of into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Com- Three Pounds.

pany, a Duty of Five Shillings and Three Pence. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 216.

206. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Weight of Coffee, imported into this Kingdom by the Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, of the Growth or East India Company, a Duty of Three Shillings and Produclionof any other Country or Place, imported into Four Pence.

this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 21 a Duty of Seven Shillings and Six Pence. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

‘: : jesty.

38 Geo. III.

170 Mali.

595

Additional jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred shall be exported from this Kingdom, a Duty of Two

Duties on Imports ports.

s and Ex- Weight of Cocoa Nuts, imported into this Kingdom Shillings and Nine Pence.

Additional Duties oil Imports

220.

221.

by the East India Company, a Duty of Two Shillings Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 2a3.atu| e -and Nine Pence. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- P° 'u'

218. ResolveEd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Pounds of the true and real Value of all Sugar, hav-jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred ing been imported into this Kingdom by the Weight of Sugar unrefined, not having been imported India Company, according to the Grol's Price at which by the East India Company, and exported from this such Sugar shall have been sold at the Public Sales ot Kingdom (except to Ireland) a Duty of One Shilling the said Company, and which shall be exported from and Six Pence Halfpenny. this Kingdom, a Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings.

19 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 22>

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred jesty, there be charged upon every Ton Burthen of

Weight of Refined Sugar, called Bastard, and Ground every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (ex-or Powdered Sugar, and Refined Loaf Sugar broke in cept in Ballast) to or from Ireland, the Islands ot Pieces, and all Sugar, called Candy, exported from this fey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, and Man, and the Greenland Kingdom (except to Ireland) a Duty of One Shilling Seas, a Duty of Six Pence.

and Six Pence Halfpenny. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 3°-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton Burthen of

'efty, there be charged upon every One Hundred every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards

Weight of all other Refined Sugar exported from this (except in Ballast) to or from any Port or.Place within' v Kingdom, (except to Ireland) a Duty of Two Shillings the Streights of Gibraltar, a Duty of One Shilling and and Six Pence. Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ji-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred jesty, there be charged upon every Ton Burthen of Weight of Coffee, not having been imported by the every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards East India Company, exported from this Kingdom (ex- (except in Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in cept to Ireland) a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Ruff a, or within the Baltic Sea, a Duty of One Shilling Pence. and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 232. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred jesty, there be charged upon every Ton Burthen of Weight of Cocoa Nuts, not having been imported by every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom, (except in Ballast) to or from any other Port or Place (except to Ireland) a Duty of Two Shillings and Three in Europe, a Duty of One Shilling.

Pence. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 233 *

23. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged; upon every Ton Burthen of jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, (except in Ballast) to or from any Port or Place with-and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufac- in the Limits of the Charters granted to the United ture of Great Britain (except Refined Sugar) export- Company of Merchants of England trading to the East ed from this Kingdom (except to Ireland and the East Indies, a Duty of Three Shillings.

Indies) a Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 34-

224- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton Burthen of t jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards

(except in Ballast) to or from The Good Hope, a

Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 3v That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Ton Burthen of 25- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards

(except in Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in

222.

Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except Refined Sugar) exported from this Kingdom to any Part of Europe (except to Ireland) a Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Africa, not otherwise enumerated or described, a Duty Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, of Two Shillings, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufac- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 23$, ture of Great Britain (except Refined Sugar) export- That, towards raising the Supply granted to-His Ma-ed from this Kingdom (except to Europe, and to any jesty, there be charged upon every Ton Burthen of Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards to the East India Company) a Duty of Two Pounds. (except in Ballast) to or from the Island of Newfound-

226. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, land, the islands of Cape Breton and Saint John, and the That, towards raising the ' Supply granted to His Ma- . Coast of Labrador, a Duty of Six Pence.

jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 37. Weight of Cocoa Nuts, having been imported into That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Mathis Kingdom by the East India Company, and which jesty, there be charged upon every Ton Burthen of shall be exported from this Kingdom, a Duty of Two every Ship or Vessel entering Outwards or Inwards (ex-Shillings and Three Pence. cept in Ballast) to or from any Port or Place in the

227. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, United States of America, any British Island, Colony, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- or Plantation, in America, or any other Part of America,

' jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred not otherwise described, a Duty of Two Shillings.

Weight of Coffee, having been imported into this Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, »,8. Kingdom by the East India Company, and which That the said Duties shall be levied, colicffed, and VOL. 53. '

Cornpmtoe on Bill :or billet-inj. Yeomanry Cavalry.

Report from

Committee on Measures respecting Trade, deterred.

Supply deferred.

Southern Whale Fisheries Bill, deferred.

Bill to amend Act concerning Tanners, &c. deferred.

Bill to continue Act for EiW>u rage-mcm of British Fisheries, deferred.

Bill respect-

ing the coining of Silver, deferred. ‘

Whipsnade *

I n cl o lure Bill passed.

596 17 Mail. " A. 1798.

paid, over and above all other Duties now paid or

payable.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of

the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fot the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be delirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker'resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through tire Bilt, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Measures for the more effectual Protection of the Trade of this Country against the Enemy, during the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, iTliat this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Jams the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting " of Leather."

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act' to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the " British Fisheries."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to reVive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth 'Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin " of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great " tain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof be-

" yond a certain Sum," and to suspend the coining of Silver.

An ingrossed Bill for extinguishing all Right of Common in, upon, or over, certain Woods or Wood

5

Grounds in the Parish of Whipsnade, in the County of Bedford; and for 'enabling William Beckford, Esquire, the Owner of the said Woods or Wood Grounds, to inclose the fame; and for veiling a perpetual dear Yearly Rent Charge, to be issuing out of the same Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Compensation for such Right of Common, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, upon, or over, certain Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Parish of Whipsnade, in the county of;

and for enabling William Beckford, Esquire, the Owner of the'.said Woods or Wood Grounds, to inclose the lame; and for veiling a perpetual clear Yearly Rent Charge, to be issuing out of the same Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Churchwardens and Overseers of the' Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Compensation for such Right of Common.

Ordered, That Sir John Honywood do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John ton, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant, to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Ellatcs to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants and others concerned in the African Slave Trade from the Port of Live)-pool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is now depending in the House for an Alteration of the Act for regulating the Trade in Negro Slaves to Africa, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be very injurious to their Interests; and that the salutary Regulations lately enacted for the carrying on of this Trade have, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, removed the former Objections thereto, and secured all the Conveniences and Comforts so necessary for the Slaves on Board of the African Vessels: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the Alteration before-mentioned, and that the present existing Regulating Bill may be continued.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. "

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Lands at Chorlton Row and Grindlow, in the County of Lancaster, in the Guardians of John Hyde, Esquire, an Infant, the only Son and Residuary Legatee named in the last Will and Testament of Nathan Hyde, Esquire; deceased, in Trust, to contract with Holland Ackers, Esquire, for the Sale of, and to convey the same to him upon the Terms mentioned and specified in a certain Contraft made by the said Nathan Hyde with the said Holland Ackers, and in case the said Holland Ackers shall not be willing to enter into such Contraft, then to contract with any other Person or Persons for the Sale of, and to convey the same together, not in Parcels, to such Person or Persons, upon the same or better Terms, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

4

Guitton's Estate Bill read.

Petition frost, Liverpool again it the Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Hyde's Efhte Bill, read.

38 Geo. III. i7° — 1-8a Maiu

597

fciiiforre- A Bill for repealing To much of an Act, made in the Suty on Li- Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for cences to Cu- granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the rate , commit «< i'everal Matters therein mentioned, and for better " securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out " by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in " certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain," as imposes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Chapel, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole _ House, upon the said Bill.

Petition of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are inhabimth] thereto lubscribed, Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses, ton" Rate Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish of Saint Bill. Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in

the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of, the Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of in the Borough

and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, to raise Money, by Rates, or otherwise, for the better and more effectual discharging Annuities heretofore granted to certain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish, of a great Annual Value, and pay a very considerable Proportion of the Rates and Assessments of the said Parish; and that several of the Petitioners have become Occupiers within the said Parish long since the Expenditure' of the Money by the said Bill proposed to be charged on them, and conceive that the said Bill, if palfed into a Law, will be very injurious to them, and to many other Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think

Skins, and Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on whole House, upon the' Bill for the further Relief of pjjf °wher Ownere and Mailers of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Curtis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from, the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to' report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman Curtis accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'3 Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, at the Expence of the Parties applying for the fame, and be delivered at the Door to the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Bill for Paying, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole peennCe° fx House, to consider further of the Bill to empower cer- same of Mif-tain Courts to order the Expences attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Duties on Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-SPtted b' the jnS> re ° ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Saft'india to consider of the Duties payable on Spices imported

be ronfidered India Company.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer, and Cyder exported, Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Vol.

Venerisy 18° dieMaii;

Anno 38° Georgii III'" Regis, 1798.

Pr AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Abingdon of Twro several Acts, the one passed in the R< s Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty e King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to F in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to The Abingdon District of the said Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Fryer

7 N Bacon's

Bill for indemnifying Governors, &c. in the West India I (lands, ordered.

Bill to amend Excise Laws, relented.

Bill for amending Stain forth and K tail by Canal Act, reported.

Done a Her Road Bill, reported.

Petitions in favour of Bill to amend At\ relative to the Packing of Butter.

508 . 18 ° Mail, A. 1798;

Bacon's Study to Chilton Bond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Voxcombehill-gatein the Road leading

to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, lb far as the fame relate to The Abingdon Distrufi of the said Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for amending and enlarging the Powcis ot an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut at or near Stainfortli, in the West Riding of the County of

Fork, to join and communicate with the River at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also, a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said lliver Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had direcced him to report to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questfon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road, from Doncaster to the Turnpike Road which leads

from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of Fork and Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the Borough of Lewes and the Vicinity, in the County of Sussex: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the City of London: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the Town and Port of Dover: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident in the City of Rochester, in the county of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses " and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and " Sale of Butter, and-to repeal certain Acts 2

" relating the reto: ' And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table;

The Earl of Carysfort reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for continuing and amending Three Acts, paired in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wan ford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross, in the Town of Bourn, in the same County, and from the North End of the Bridge to Scot Gate, both in Stamford aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agied to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for separating the Two Parishes, called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob and the Parish of Saint George, in the County of as to the

Maintenance of the Poor and the Repairs of the Highways of those Parishes, and as to all Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax, and for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Pari flics: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River It chin, at or near within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Henry Rose, Mr. Amyatt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets and other public Patfages and Places, wi thin the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the fame, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was read a Second Time. \

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eh court, the Lord Porchester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The May Pole, in the Town of field., over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelm-

fion, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to Cross,

in the Parish of Albourne, and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, and from the Marie Pit, near the Bottom of Sadd/efcomb Hill, in the Parish of Newtimber, to the Marie Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in

the

Wansford- Bridge and Stamford Roads Bill reported.

St. Philip and Jacob and St. George (G)oucdrer) Poor, See. Bill, presented.

Northam

Bridge Bill, committed.

Milmeftmry Paving Pill, committed.

Henfield and

Bright hclm-lton Raids Bill, reported.

18° M

Elfton's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

Mavis Ender-by Inclosure Bill, reported.

Willoughby Hedge and Wincanton Jtoads Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III.

the same Parish, in the County of and also for

repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham unto Herrings Clin the Parish of Twineham, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tru<j; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrclfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of Tony Elfion, late of Holbeach Marjli, in the County of , Grazier,

but now of WisbeachSaint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, Merchant, and Elizabeth his Wife, situate at Conner by, Manthorpe, and in the said County of Lincoln, in Trustees, in Trull, to convey the same to the Right honourable Brounlozv Lord Brownlow, and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled so the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

599

Mile Stone beyond Willoughby through the Town *

of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Win-canton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Mil-borne Port-, and from Willoughby Hedgeaforesaid, to the

Well End of Long Lane, in KihrEngton; and from cantonaforesaid to the SherbornTurnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Spar If or d, in the , . County of Somerset; and also for altering, improving; arid keeping in Repair, several other Roads communicating the rewith, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to wincanton whom the Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleans- |>eav'ntsiil11, ing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Wincanton, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstruc-tiens therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. - -

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Manchelhr the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- Canal Navigation, from to or near Canal Bill,

monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis under-lyne and Oldham, to finish and complete the lame, rePorted-Enderby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be That the Committee'had examined, and found that the made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In- that Purpose, and for amending the said Alts, and dofure, had been complied with; and that the Com- granting to the said Company further and other Powers, , mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and was committed; and to whom the Petition of the l'e-found the same so be true , and that the Parties con- veral Peffons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the on Behalf of themselves and others, rcliding near the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Line of the Manchester, Ashton-under-lyne, and Oldham Four Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Canal; and also, the Petition of William Hulton, of Whoie of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 800 ton Park, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire; and also.

Acres, or thereeabouts; and that no Person appeared the Petition of Robert Grimjhaw, of Gorton, near Man-before the Committee tooppose the Bill); and that the chester, in the County of Lancaster, Merchant, were fe-Committee had gone through the Bill, and fnade several verally referred; That the Committee had heard Coun-Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him fel in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Com-Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and 'Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the found the same to be true; and that the Committee Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Second Time, One by One; and, upon the-Question ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in grafted. at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Mr. Gore Langton reported from the Committee, to by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering upon, were agreed to by the House. and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- ingrafted, jesty King George the Second, and the other in she Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A<fl Estate

for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen for vetting certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, de- commu' Vol. 53. vised

1

6oo 18° Mali, . 1798.

vised by the Will of the late Arthur Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Carmarthen,

Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and Liberties of London and Westminster, in Tru flees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale, together with the Sum of Fifty-three thousand Three hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, {landing in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, on Trust, in a certain Cause in the said Court, Macnamara against Jones, being the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of the said Testator Arthur Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uies, and for enabling the said Trustees to grant Leases of the Estates so to be purchased, and also to cut Timber growing thereupon, subject to Restrictions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, "Mr. Wallace, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Grdef of the Day, for resuming Adjourned the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Bill for en- Edinburgh larging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, ®ul» several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth rel Years of his late Majesty's Reign and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North EJk, and the Water of Leith, in the said County, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly)

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of1 the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

5'1'.iVjS'iL to teiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

tinue Act tof.

Encourage- upon the Bill to continue, for a lime to be limited, an

Ui Hrticries ma< e ,n the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and " amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British " Fisheries," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee} Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Report on

Southern Whale Fifoe-ries Bill, further confide red.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Comrr.itteeon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Spite!>sim 0 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ported by the to consider of the Duties payable on Spices imported Company? by the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for k; ng's dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Com- fcnVIoS,wi, ll‘ mon Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable bSi. ncoiu‘e Grounds and Places, within the Parish and Lord ship, or Liberties, of Swithland, in the County of Leicester, be now read the Third Tijne;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command; acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bill pallet, be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Swithland, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Keck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Thurcafton closing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, " fureBl> Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of 'Thurcajion, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Thurcajion, in the County of Leicejlei\

Ordered, That Mr. Keck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is King' Con. concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Enderijy'ln-' closing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, dofureBUl. and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis Endaby, in the County of Lincoln, which Bill was, this Day, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as- His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

A Petition of David Cleghorn, Brewer in , Petition of

for himself and the other Brewers of the City of -burgh, and its Environs, being offered to be presented visioninEdin-to the House; burgh

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's bS. Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

having

r

38 Geo. lit 18°

having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up; and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term canted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of *

for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act; and Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House, in Name of the now Petitioners, for Leave to be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the Petitioners meant to shew that the Effects of the Bill would be attended with great Hardship on them in carrying on their Trade, and also that it would be not-only hurtful to the Morals of the People, but a Detriment to the Public Revenue of Excise to a much greater Extent than the whole Sum which would be received from it by the City of and that

Goverhment would be much benefited by granting a Substitute in Money for the said Duty; and that, so Conscious are the Petitioners of what they thus assert, they will withdraw their Petition against the Bill, if it shall contain a Clause granting Power to the Lords of the Treasury to apply a certain Annual Sum of Money, out of the Revenue of Excise in sufficient for answering and defraying the Purposes for which the Duty fought to be renewed was granted, for the Period of Three Years, with a discretionary Power to continue or discontinue it thereafter as they shall think proper and expedient, and that, during the Period of such Payment, the Two Pennies on the Pint of Ale and Beer within the City of Edinburgh and its Liberties should not be levied and collected: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purpose hereinbefore mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry', and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty

on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the " Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and for reducing " the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other " than British Ships," which was to continue in Force until the 31st Day of December 1796, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the' Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the 'said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 53.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day', for the t House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second ing Tanners. Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled,

" An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,

" and other Artificers occupying the Cutting Of Leather," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Report refer-;

Committee, to whdm the Report was re-committed, red which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Scaly, of Bridgezvater, in the County of Somerset, Merchant, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mt. Lords,

P p)'S ° J have agreed to

Mr. Speaker, ....

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Newcastle- Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or canat Bfuf Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the Newcastle-under-lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Grejley, Baronet, near the Town of castle-under-lyme, and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or near , to certain

Coal and other Works, all in the county of;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Birmingham Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, carud Bil 61 passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to,

" the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick,

" to communicate with the River Severn, near so the " City of Worcester" without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dudley Hill Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from hall Roads8 thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- Bill, ment, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

.so far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through Beckwithjhaw, to Killinghall, and from Beck-

withjhaw to the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bradford and Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the

Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to Wakefield, in the County of 7'ork; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill for trans-Tuesday last, for the House to resolve ittelf into a Com- t

mittee of the \Vhole House, upon Monday next, upon ,he Excise °

7 O the deferred.

i 8° M

A. 1798.

the Bill for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, thereon, might be read.

And the said Order being read aeCbrdingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into ing the Land further Consideration the Report from the Committee Tax perpe- of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making per-«>undere?er Petua'> subjc'ft to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein Rated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, specifying the Form of she Contracts for the Sale of Crown Lands.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, respecting Contracts for purchasing the Land Tax of Crown Lands.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appointing Commissioners in the Dutchy of Lancaf-ter, to certify Proportions of the Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for defraying the Expence of Surveys of Crown Lands to be sold.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Surveyor General shall grant to Purchasers Certificates of the Premisses and Purchase Money.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, giving Power to fell Timber on settled Estates, for purchasing Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, authorizing Persons to enfranchise Copyholds.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for applying Money given to charitable Uses for purchasing Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another CLufe was offered to be added to the Bill, for applying the Poors Rates towards Redemption of Land Tax on Charity Lands.

' x

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to b& made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That if the Surplus does not exceed £.200 Capita , Stock, the same may be transferred, without applyih to the Court of Chancery.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be" made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, prescribing the Method of giving Notices.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for indemnifying the Receiver General for Payment of Land Tax to Persons, notwithstanding any Defeat in their Title.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That when Stock shall be transferred by the Commissioners, the Dividends shall again be payable in the same Manner as if the Stock had not been transferred to the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Courts of Exchequer may enlarge the Time for Payment of Instalments. *

' And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, authorizing Persons aggrieved to appeal to the Commissioners to be appointed for hearing Appeals.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing who shall be Commissioners for the Purpose of hearing Appeals.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, specifying the Cafes in which the Commissioners may" proceed to a Sale before 5th March 1799.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for altering, varying, or repealing, this Act, in this Session of Parliament.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon thq Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, being a Schedule, containing the Form of Contract for Sale of Crown Lands.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, being a Schedule, containing the Form of the Certificate of Contracts made by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, being a Schedule, containing the Form of the Certificate of the Surveyor General of the Dutchy of Cornwall.

And

t

38 Geo. III. i8° — i f 603

Bill to limit the trading for Slaves, presented.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, being a Schedule, containing the Form of the Receipt of the Cashier of the Bank.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That whenever any additional Land Tax shall hereafter be charged on any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on which the Land Tax now charged shall have been made perpetual by this Act, such Land Tax shall be charged upon such Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, only in proportion to the Annual Value of the fame, in common with all other Property whatsoever, as far as the same can be ascertained.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Sir lv'/ZZ'Pulu-ncy: } 63‘

Tellers for the Noes. ]iz6.

So it passed in the Negative. - '

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "To-morrow Morning," and inserting the Words " this Day Three " Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words "Tomorrow Morning" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $ The Lord 7

IOr 1 eaS' I Mr. John \

Tellers for the Noes, \ £ord

49.

'[Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. ILnry Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon TuesdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Bill for blilet-Report from the Committee of the whole House, to c valry de whom the Bill for authorizing the billeting such Troops ferr«d. ' of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Measures for the more effectual Protection of the Trade of this Country against the Enemy, during the War;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, de-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ferred consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Bill to amend -Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer, and Cyder exported,

Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, and Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Bill for Paying next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole nnCe°i,f -House, to consider further of the Bill to empower cer- Cafes of Mif-tain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Report from Committee on Measures respecting Trade, deferred.

Sabbatiy 190;

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Weans, defer- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to re ' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Armorial The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Bearings Bill, resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, cLkned. pon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or ' Ensigns; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report Ways The Order of the Day being read, for taking into deferred"5' further Consideration the Report from the Committee e erre ' of the whole House, to whom it was referred to con-Voi . 53.

Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Hcnfieldand Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair- Bill, passed. ing and widening the Road leading from The May Pole, in the Town of Henfield, over Poynin Common, to the Town of Brighthehnjion, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the Parish of and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, and from the Marie Pit near the Bottom of Saddlefcomb Hill, in the Parish of Newtimber, to the Marie Pit fronting New-

timber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Sussex, and also for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham unto Herrings Clappers, in

1C

Bill for amending Stainforth and Keadby Canal A ft, passed.

Doncaster Road Bill, palfed.

Edinburgh Roads Bill, pali'cd.

604 Mail. 1798.

the Parish of Twineham, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the lieign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading trom The May Pole, in the Town of H over

mon, to the Town of Brightheonand from

Common aforesaid, to HighCrofs, in the Parish of Al-bourne, and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards and from the Maile Pit near the Bottom of (combe Hill, in the Parish of to the Marie

Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Sussex, and also for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards unto

Herrings Clappers, in the Parish of in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Navigation Cut at or near Stainfoin the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also, a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill.do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also, a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Doncaster, to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Doncaster, to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and NorthEjk, and the Water of Leith, in the said County, was read the Third 'Fime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North Ej and the Water of Leith, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Tail do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of aft-fembling for the Purpose of being trained together, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

I.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798, was re-committed.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for apportioning the Land Tax between the Land Owners and the Owner of Tythes or Fee Farm Rents.

And the said Clause was Twice -read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Tenants for Lives or Years determinable on Lives, shall not fell without Consent of the immediate Rever-fioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Sales under the Authority of a Court shall not require the Consent of Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Lands sold by Auction shall not be liable to the Auction Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for registering Contrafts.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, itpon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Copies of the Register of Contrafts may be allowed in Evidence.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon,- agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Heirs of Entail in Scotland, may apply to the Court of Session for Sale.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Heirs of Entail in Scotland may apply to the Court of Session to borrow Money.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

Question

Bill forbillet-ingYeomamy Cavalry, de ferred.

Adjourned

Consideration of Report oa Bill for making the Land Tax perpetual, resumed

38 Geo. III.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Claul'e was offered to be added to the Bill, for making valid such Sales or Securities in Scotland.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, being a Schedule, containing the Form of Certificate of Contract for Redemption of the Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill, as far as'Folio 16, Line io.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ThursdayMorning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

Ordered \That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

605

Commissioners of Sewers, acting for the Division of the Tower Hamlets, to raise Money to defray the Expences of the said Works, and for other Purposes; and that the said Thomas Hodgkins did divers Works under the Order

of the Commissioners of the Tozver Hamlets, acting under a former Commission, to a very large Amount; and there is now due to the Estate of the said Thomas kins £.500 and upwards, and the Petitioners are atlvised, that the Commissioners, acting under the present Commission, have not Power to raise Money for the Payment of the said Debt: And therefore praying, That Powers may alto be given to the said Commissioners, by the said Bill, for the Payment of the said Debt.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. "

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition. '

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act whirtwacP to confirm the Renunciation and Release of Gordon, Esquire, as one of the Devxfees in Trust of'

Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, deceased, and to give Powers of Sale and Exchange over the settled and devised Estates late of the said Samuel Whitbread, and Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the same Estates, and also Power of granting Building Leases of certain Parts thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Pitt, Sir Matthew White Ridley, &c‘: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

i p° — 21°

St. Alban's Hatej Bill, jneported *

Petition for Provision in Tower Hill Sewer Bili.

1 'Lunee 2 1° die 'Mail \A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords

, . Wi/'met: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An National Debt Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hun- Bl11 dred Thousand Pounds, to be ifl'ued and paid toUhe

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Governor and Company of the Bank of to

whom the Bill to enable the Churchwardens, be by them placed to the Account of the Commis-Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish fioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; with-of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint out any Amendment: And also,

Alban, in the County of Hertford, to raise Money, by The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rochdale and Rates, or otherwise, for the better and more effectual Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from Road Bill discharging Annuities heretofore granted to certain thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing ment, 'the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, the Church belonging to the said Parish, W'as com- passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His pre-mitted; and to whom the Petition of the several Per- sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from ions, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabi- Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of in the

tants and Occupiers of Ho.uses, Lands, and Tenements, Parish of to a Place called The Land's End, in

within the Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and the Parish of in the County Palatine cf Lan-

Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, was cafer-, without any Amendment: And also, referred; That the Committee had considered the said The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bishopof ' Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, cer- C *

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee tain Articles of Agreement made and entered into be- Bill, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- tween Lord Bishop of London, Thomas

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report Esquire, Six John Frederick, Baronet, and to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and hope, Esquire, Sir Morfhead, Baronet, and Dame afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Esquire,

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were and Selina his Wife, and the Company#ot Proprietors Once read throughout; and then-a Second Time, One of The Grand Junction Canal, and for other Purposes by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And upon, werp agreed to by the House. also,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An KirkhyOver-ingroii'ed. Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste '1,nv inj-lo-

o £3 lure JSlli,

Grounds, and Commonable Lands, witlnn the Manqr with Amend-A Petition of Robert Tyler, Alexander Goudge, and and Township of in the Parish of Inents-

Thomas Jafter, Executors of Thomas Hodgkins, oi South- Kirkly Overblow, in the West Riding of the County wark, deceased, was prefen ted to the House, and read; of York-,with feme Amendments; to which Atnend-Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: a new Sewer upon Little Tozver Hill, within the County And also,

of Middlesex; and Setting forth. That the said Bill is The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Shrew ton la-intended to give Powers to His Majesty's Justices and Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the C mi-' VoL. 33 7 nion Amendment.

Anhb'38' Georgii III. U Regis, 1798. Prayers.

606

2i° M

A. 1798.

Sicklinghall Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed Lloyd's Estate Bill.

T ord Peterborough's Kilate Bill.

mon Arable Fields, Common Down's, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of in the County of Wilts; with an Amendment; to which Amend--orient the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Sicklinghall with Woodhain the Parish of Overblow., in the West Riding of the County of York; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords, desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir Ed' ward Lloyd, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, under the Di-redlion of the Court of Chancery, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir John Mordaunt, deceased, in the Right Honourable Charles'Henry Earl of Peterborough and

mouth.,in lieu of other Estates settled to the Uses of the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concur rence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir Edward Lloyd, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hyde's Estate An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill, commit- for yelling certain Messuages and Lands at Chorlton Row and Grindlow, in the County of Lancaster, in the Guardians of John Hyde, Esquire, an Infant, the only Son and Residuary Legatee named in the last Will and Testament of Nathan Hyde,' Esquire, deceased, in . Trull, to contract with Holland Ackers, Esquire, for the Sale of, and to convey the same to him upon the ' Terms mentioned and specified in a certain Contract

made by the said Nathan Hyde with the said Ackers, and in case the said Holland Ackers shall not be willing to enter into such Contract, then to contract with any other Person or Persons for the Sale of, and to convey the same together, not in Parcels, to such Person or Persons, upon the same or better Terms, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

bur neof Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lloyd's Estate Bill read.

OtiittorT# fcitate Bill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Guitton, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Ul'es, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Met-tuife, of Abingdon, Mr. Alderman Lushington, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

M.mchcfUr An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Pro-unde lyne " Pr'ctors of the Canal Navigation, from to

Canal Bill, or near- A/hton-under-hneand to finish and I'ajitj. complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose-, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 37. After " them " to insert " and as " shall not be used for the Pur-‘ " poles of the said Navigation,

" and the Works thereof."

Pr. 27. 1. 11. To leave out from " repealed" to the End of Line 17, in Prefs28.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hf>ul'e; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal. Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton-imder-lyneand Oldham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the;

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, reported from the Committee, Outwell and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose 'jwhB rJ Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and DranagePs-Proprietors of certain Lands and Fen Grounds, there- tltion- re-after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee porte ' had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

1 Thomas West being examined, said,. That there are certain Lands and Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell, Stow-Bardolph, Wimbotfham, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk, containing Five Thousand Acres, or thereabouts, which are subject to be frequently overflowed; and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the said Lands and Grounds were effectually drained and preserved, great Benefit would accrue, as well to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, as to the Public at large.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands and Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell, Wim-

botfham, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk:

And that Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, and Sir Martin Folkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ef court reported from the Committee, to whom Tetbnrv and the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Tetbury, in the County of jjai, r ,ortd. Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackatnents Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to,

and to the Turnpike Road at A Hon and also

from Sherflone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Batji, and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving, several other Roads communicating the rewith, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- ' feribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitant?, within the Town and Parish of Far, in the County of Berks, and within the several Parishes, Towns,

2nd

Bill to amend

Act for making Bread in London, &c. reported.

Temple Bar Improvement re-committed Bill, reported.

King's Bench Debtors Fcti-£jx/ih

Wincanton Paving Bill, pulled.

38 Geo. III. 2i° Mail ... 607

and Villages, of Little Coxwell, Fernham, tiffing ton, Wool- of Wir.,in the County of timer jet, and for remov-

stone, Compton, Ashbury, Idstone, Great Coxwell, Longcot, ing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Ob-Watchfield, Shriven ham, Bourton, Bishopstone, Swindon, and structions therein, was read the Third Time.

Wootton Bafj'ett, in the said County, and the County of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had considered be, An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleaning, the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the public Passages and Places, within the Town of Win *

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several canton, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions to report to the House; and he read the Report in his therein.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then.

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question An ingrossed Bill for continuing the "Tefm, and willoitghfiy severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the wine'nmri and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the one passed in the Twertty-ninth Year of the Reign of Roads Bill, Bill. ' his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other P ® *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present ingrossed. Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Com- through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, mittee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, made and through Wincanton to Charlton and from

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act thence to Milborne Port; and from Willoughby Hedge " to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made aforesaid, to the West End of Long in Kilmington j " in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Ma- and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike " jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Cross Gate on Cattle; and from Wincanton to the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price Sparkford, in the County of Somerset; and also for alter- and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall ing, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other " adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same Roads communicating the rewith, was read the Third " relates to the AHize and making of Bread, to be sold Time. *

" in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title " within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and " Ten Miles of The Royal Exchange," was committed; from thence to the End of the then next Session of That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-directed him to report to the House; and he read the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Report in his Place;'and afterwards delivered the Bill, the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-the Amendments were On6e read throughout; and ing the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond then a-Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by County of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton the House. / Houthorn, and fresh thence to Milbornd Port; and from.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long ingrossed. Lane, in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid to *

the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill; and The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Com- from Wincanton, to Sparkford, in the County of -mittee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and en- set -, and also for altering, improving, and keeping in large, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Repair, several other Roads communicating the rewith.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the " An Act for widening and improving the Entrance Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" into the City of London near Temple Bar; for mak- " x

" ing"a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting Certain Chilton Tri»

" Hi IT, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Commons or Moors, called Chilton Common, otherwise " Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes," was re- Wild Marsh, Pury Green, and Harp Common, and also viiio'n and Al-committed; That the Committee had made several for dividing, regulating, and improving, certain Com- ,otnt Bil'» other Amendments to the Bill, which they had direct- mon Fields or Grounds called Chilton Moor and Pury palc ' ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report Moor, all situate within the several Parishes of Chilton in his PI ace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Trinity, Wembdon, , and Bridgwater, in the

the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Amendments were Qrtce read throughout; and then a Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question be, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Com-

ltverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. mons or Moors, called Chilton Common, otherwise Wild

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Marsh, Pury and Harp Common, and also for di- ingrossed. viding, regulating, and improving, certain Common

..... Fields or Grounds, called Chilton Moor and Pury Moor,

A Petition of the Debtors, confined in the King's all situate within the several Parishes of Chilton Trinity,

Bench Prison, who were excluded the Benefit of the Wembdon, Durleigh, and in the County of

Two last Acts of Insolvency, was presented to the Somerset.

House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the praying Relief. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. - Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Lichfield Ca-

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An ingrossed Bill for paving the Footways, and for An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the ported, apd

cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, last Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act to ex-

and other public Passages and Places, within the Town " plain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth and Vot. 53. " Fifth

B lily's Estate Bill, reported,

and passed.

Kensworth Inclosure Bill passed.

Petition in fa-vnirof Butter b.A.

Sir Robert Law lev's Ei\ tate biljj committed.

608 210 MaiL1798.

" Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen and Hereditaments, in the County of Salop, of greater Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Num- Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

" ber of Canons llcfidentary in the Cathedral Church That the Bill be committed to Mr.

" of Lichfield, and for improving the Deanry and Pre- son, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to " bends of the said Cathedral," and to make furt her meet this Af ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Ca Speaker's Chamber, thedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabrick Fund

thereof, was committed; That the Committee had ex- The Order of the Day being read, for the House td amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House-, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given upon the Bill for veiling divers Lands and Heredita-their Content to the Bill, to the 'Satisfaction of the ments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, Committee; and'that the Committee had directed him in Tru flees and their Heirs, upon Certain Trusts therein to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- mentioned, discharged from all Claims of the Crown, ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's in respect of any Forfeiture incurred Under, or by vir-Table. ' tue of, the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. to Mortmain;

Refolded, That the Bill do pass. hat the Report, which was made from the

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill Committee', to whom the Petition of the Company of to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal was referred, be reagreed to, the fame, without any Amendment ferred to the said Committee.-

Then the House resolved itfcjf into the said Com- Mr. Dickinsonreported from the Committee, to whom mittee.'

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for' Mr. Speaker left the Cl air.

veiling the settled Estate of Edward Seymour Baity, F.f- Mr. of took the Chair of the

quire, and Phillis his Wife, in the County of Kent, in Committee.

Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Mo- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, nies thence arifingin Discharge of Incumbrances, and Mr. reported from the Com-

for laying out the liefidue, under the Direction of the mittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates; directed him to report the same to the House, without to be settled in lieu thereof, was committed; That the any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Clerk's Table.

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties That the Bill be ingrossed.

concerned had given their Consent to the BilIJ to the.

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit- Mr. Abbot reported from the Select Committee, ap-tee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, pointed further to examine and Hate the Total Amount without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in of the Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges' at the Clerk's Table. attending the fame, as they Hood on the 5th of January

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes to the fame, without any Amendment. - which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and

of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for de-An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting, with fraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt within Powers to inclose, the Open and Common Fields, Com- the said Period: Likewise to examine and Hate the mon Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstand-Parish of Kenfzccrth, in the County of Hertford, was ing on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expeCled

read the Third Time. Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can be, An Act for dividing and allotting, with Powers to now be ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; inclose, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pal- together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that tures. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish have been provided to defray the fame; and to Hate an of Kensworth, in the County of Hertford. 'Account of the Progress that has been made in the Re-Ordered, That Mr. Baker do' carry the Bill to the duftion of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ' . of the Amount of the Sums now Annually applicable

thereto; and of the further Progress which may be ex-A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are peeled >to be made, as far as the same can at present be thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, resident ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; in the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, and and to examine and consider what Regulations and its Environs,-was presented to the House, and read; Checks have been applied in order to control the Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and how more effectual,-an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year far the same have been effectual; and also, what In-of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An crease or Diminution has taken place, since the Year " Ait to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount of the " Weight, and Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, " Acts relating the reto:" And praying, That the same and whether any and what farther Measurcs can be may pass into a Law. adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the or for di mini thing the Total Amount of such Salaries Table. - and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Ser-

vices; and to report their Observations thereon to the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act House; and who were inilructed to flare an Account of for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Law- the Public Revenue for the Year 1797; distinguishing ley, Baronet, in the Counties of Stafford anti PVarwick, the gross Receipt upon each Branch, the several Dein Trullees, and their Heirs, in Trull, for the said Sir duclions incident thereto — -their respective Charges of Robert Laze ley, to be sold, and for settling other Lands Management, their Net Produce, the Payments made 8 there-out

Committee ou Rochdale Canal Company's Bill.

Report referred.

Special Report from Committee on Finance.

38 Geo. III. 210 Mai't. 609

thereout for National Purposes — and the final Payments actually made into the Exchequer;, and who were also instructed to state an Account of the Public Funded Debt, as the same stood on the 5th Day of

April 1798; distinguishing the different Funds in which it is inverted — the Capital Stock of each Fund — the Annual Interest thereof — the Annual Interest of Annuities for Terms — the Charges of Management — the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund — and Annuity of £. 1 per Centum upon Capitals created since the 5th Day of January 1793; and who were likewise in-ltrudted to state an Account of the several Stocks or Annuities redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt between the ift Day of July 1786 and the 5th Day of April 1798, as they stood on the 1 aft-mentioned Day in the Kooks of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Engl and, and of the South Sea Company; distinguishing as to the Debt

previous to 1793, viz.its Amount, how much thereof has been Cnee redeemed, and what Sums are applicable to the Reduction thereof; and distinguishing also, as to the subsequent Debt in like Manner, its Amount, how far redeemed, and what Sums are applicable thereto;

— and who were empowered to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House; That the Committee had directed him to make a Special Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee, at the Close of the last Session, stated to the House, in their Fourteenth Report, That Time had been wanting to enable them to enter upon the Examinations of many Public Departments, not reported upon by the Commissioners of Accounts, or of Inquiry, and amongst others, the Courts of minster Hall.

On the 2ift of February last, your Committee were re-appointed; and in the Course of their Proceeding, your Committee having required'Returns from the Offices of the several Courts of 'eft , respecting

the Total Amount of their Salaries and Emoluments, and the Increase and Diminution thereof since the Year 1782, divers Returns have been accordingly made to your Committee from the greater Part of such Offices, but the Cursitors of the Court of Chancery have infilled, for certain Reasons assigned by them under their Common Seal, that your Committee are not authorized to require such Return from them.

The Principal of the said.Curfltors being unable personally to attend your Committee, John Vernon, Esquire, one of the Two Assistant Cursitors, attended your Committee, and l'ubmitted to make such Return for himself personally as was required; but Thomas Hammond, Et'quire, the other Assistant Cursitor, and Wajldngton Cotes, Esquire, who also attended your Committee as one of the said Cursitors, have personally refused to make such Return so far as regards themselves.

Your Committee have also to state to the House, That George Woodroffe, Henry Earle, and Robert Ray, Esquires, the Three Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas, have, for the Reasons by them assigned, personally and severally refused to make such Return as was required from them respectively.

Your Committee have subjo'uied to this "Report, Copies of the Orders of your Committee, and of the Answers made thereto by the several Parties above named; and also a Copy of the Minutes of their respective Examination.

And Your Committee submit the Whole of the Matters above set forth to the Considerat'on of the House, praying the Judgment and Directions of the House thereupon.

APPENDIX.

Appendix, N 1.

Jovis, 150 die Martii, 1798.

Ordered, That a Return be made from the Cursitors Office, in conformity to the Draft of the Account sent herewith, so far as the Circumstances of the said Office will permit.

Appendix, N° 2.

Questions required to be answered in the Draft of ' the Account lent with the Order to the Office of Cursitors, &c.

Officer:

His Name,

By whom appointed.

How appointed. s When appointed.

Duration of Interest.

Executed in Person or by Deputy,

Receipt, 1797;

Salary.

By whom paid.

Total of Fees.

By whom paid.

Other Emoluments.

From whence.

Total Receipt for 1797.

Deductions, 1797;

Taxes.

Deputies and Clerks.

Contingencies, &c.

Total Disbursements, &c.

Net Receipt for 1797.

Net Receipt Annual, upon an Average of the last Three Years.

Other Employments, Places, or Pensions under Government,

Their Annual Value.

Appendix, N° 3,

In compliance with an Order of the Selcft Committee of Finance, dated the 1 cth Day of March 1798, the Corporation of Cursitors of the Court of Chancery, under their Common Seal, make the following Return:

The Office of Cursitors was incorporated, and a Seal assigned to them, by Letters Patent, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and confirmed by James the First, by similar Letters Patent, in the Second Year of his Reign.

The Corporation conlifts of Twenty-four Persons, appointed upon Vacancy (after having served a Clerk -ship in the Office) by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being.

The Business of the Office consists in making ouf Writs which pass under the Great Seal,

The Receipts are uncertain (according to the Business done) like those of Counsel and Solicitor; and there are not any Salaries, Fees, or Perquisites in the Office, which attend the Receipt, Issue, or Expenditure of the Public Money.

Cursitors Office,

8 th May 1798,

Spccf.il Report from

Set. Com. on Finance, cctAinuid.

V°L 53.

7< *

i -

6io 2i° Mail. A. 1798.

Rc / rroH St Cotb-on yuiiuce,

GinctivvtU-.

3-

: «n

the Cun-run.

Appendix, N 4.

The Corporation of Cursitors having received from the Sided: Committee of Finance a further Order for a Return beg leave to represent to the Committee, that in their former An Aver, dated the 8th Day of May In-lfant, they Rated the Establishment of the Cursitors Office, the Letters Patent incorporating them, the Nature of the Fees arising from the Business of the Office, and tint the Cursitors did not receive any Salary, Fees, or Perquisites, which attend the Receipt, Issue, or Expenditure of the Public Money.

1 he Corporation, therefore, submit to the Committee, that they have, an their former Answer, made as full a Return as they conceive the Committee is authorized to require.

Given under the Common Seal of the Corporation, this 14th Day

of dSlay 1798.

Appendix, N 5.

strjts, 15" die'Ma 1798.

The Examination of Thomas Hammond, Esquire, Aflillant Cursitor in the Cursitors Office.

Veneris, 18 die Mali 1798.

John Vernon, Esquire, one of the Assistant Cursitors of the Court of Chancery, called in, and examined.

Have you seen the Form of the Return, which has been required from this Committee from the Cursitors ?----1 saw the First which was sent.

Do you submit to make such a Return, so far as regards yourself, or do you refuse to make it ?-1 have

no Objection to make a Return, as far as respects myself, but I have no Control over the Account of any other Person in the Office, or Authority to fee it.

[Delivered to the Witness, a Copy of a Form to which a Return is required.]

Do you submit to make a Return to this Form so

delivered to you ?---1 have not the lead; Objection,

as far as concerns myself.

Withdrew.

Washington Cotes, Esquire, attending on Behalf of the Principal Cursitor, who was unable to attend, from Illness;

Delivered in the annexed Lift of the Corporation,

of Cursitors: And was examined as follows:

Are you a Cursitor ?-~ — Yes.

I have been in that Office near Thirty Years. The Curiitors are a Corporation by Charter, consisting of Twenty-four, who elect a Principal and Two Assist-ants.

Does every Cursitor perform any and what official Ad in the Course of the Year? — Some are dxlabled by Age or Infirmity; the rest execute their Duty either in Person or by Deputy. Not Half the Number execute the Duty in Person.

How many attend constantly in the Execution of the Duties of their Office?---- There are only Two Curfi-

the Re- tors who attend every Day, and they have the Assistance of Two Clerks, who also attend daily.

jovis, io» Who keeps the Accounts of the Business done in the Cursitors Office? ----- ----- --- They are kept in the Office.

MrnrurK, Being shewn a Paper, marked N° 383, intituled,

16° vi»i. Return from the Cursitors Office," the Witness was

afxcd.

Do you admit the Seal affixed to that Paper to be

the Seal of the Corporation? ----- -Yes.

,8 Have you seen the Form of the Return, which has iu' been required by this Committee, from the Cursitors

Office ? —: — Yes.

Do you submit to make such a Return, so far as regards yourself, or do you refuse to make it ?----1 re-

tail:.

Is any Part of the Fines upon original Writs, which arc paid at the Cursitors Office, afterwards paid over to any other Persons besides the Cursitors?---- Yes.

To whom r ----- -The Great Seal.

Is that Payment made by any settled Rule or Proportion ?--A Moiety is1 so paid over.

Have you seen the Form of the Return which has beenrequired by this Committee from the Cursitors Office ? — Yes.

Do you submit to make such a Return, so far as regards yourself, or do you refuse to make it ?-1 refuse

to make any further Return than has been already delivered in, and beg leave to refer to my former Answer.

Withdrew.

A L IS T of the Corporation of Cursitors, with their Additions.

John Walker, Principal, -

Thomas Hammond, 1 *

J-Assistants, John Vernon, Junr j -

Hugh Valence Jones, - -

Thomas Lamb, -

John Hiuge/lon, -

Henry Peele, ——

Thomas Lloyd, -

Jagon Wellard, -

Robert Nut hall, -

Craven Ord, ——

John Holt, ——

Edmund Walker, -

Thomas Tour nay, -

Philip Parry, -

Thomas Walker, -

George Allen, ——

Washington Cotes, - -

Thomas Philips Lamb, -

Augustine Greenland, - '- -

Robert Talbot, -

Richard Jackson, r -

Richard Smith Appleyard, - -

Henry Wrottesley, -

Weston Favel, Northamptonshire, Francis Street, Bedford Square. Bedford Square.

Grosvenor Place.

Rye, Suffer.

New North-street, Red Lion Square, Shrewsbury, Salop.

Bedford Row.

Hanwell, Middlesex.

Kingsland, Middlesex.

Bloomsbury Square.

Serjeant's Inn, Fleet Street. Serjeant's Inn, Chancery Lane. Hythe, Kent.

Chancery Lane.

Harpur Street, Red Lion Square# Plymouth, Devonshire,

Lincoln's Inn.

Rye, Sussex.

Carihakon, Surrey.

Elm Court, Temple.

Great Square, Gray's Inn.

Russell Place, Fitzroy Square. Lincoln's Inn,

To the Use of what Persons?---- To the Use of the Lord Chancellor and Matter of the Roils.

flow many of the Twenty-four Cursitors aft by

Deputy ?-T w e u t y -1 w o.

Can any Person make out an original Writ, except the Cursitors ? — 7 — They cannot be made out any where ' but in this Office $ at lead they must be finished there.

Withdrew.

Appendix,

38 Geo. III.

2i° Mail.

6ii

Appendix, N® 6.

Mortis, n° die Mart 1798.

Ordered, That a Return be made from the Office of Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas, in Conformity to the Draft of the Account sent herewith, so far as the Circumstances of the said Office will permit.

Appendix, N° 7.

Questions required to be answered in the Draft of the Account sent with the Order to the Office of Prothonotaries, &c.

Officer:

His Name.

By whom appointed.

How appointed.

When appointed.

Duration of Interest.

Executed in Person or by Deputy.

Receipt, 1797:

Salary.

By whom paid.

Total of Files.

By whom paid. 1

Other Emoluments.

From whence.

Total Receipt for 1797.

1

Deductions, 1797:

Taxes.

Deputies and Clerks.

Contingencies, &c.

Total Disbursements, &c.

Net Receipt for 1797.

Net Receipt Annual, upon an Average of the last Three Years.

Other Employments, Places, or Pensions, under Government.

Their Annual Value.

Appendix, N° 8.

Common-Pleas Office, Temple,

5th, 1798.

Sir,

The Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas most respectfully inform the Honourable the Select Committee on Finance, that their Office is Freehold, that they derive no Salary or Emolument whatever from the Public Revenue, and that their Receipts, and the Management of their Office, are not in any Way connected with the Public Expenditure.

They therefore humbly prclume the Committee will be of Opinion, that the Office of the Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas is not an Object of their Inquiry: And are, with great Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

Geo.

Charles Abbot, Esqr, Hen.

Chairman of the Select Com- Rob' Ray,

mittee on Finance.

Vol. 53,

Appendix N® 9.

Veneris, 18° die Mali, 1798.

Spec! il Report rroiu Sd. Com. on Finance, continued.

George Woodroffe, Esquire, the ift Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas, called in, and examined; and delivered in a Paper, of which the following is a Copy:

" The Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas " are ready to deliver to the Honourable the Select Committee on Finance, the most minute Account of all " Fees, as specifically received in their Office; but the " Aggregate of them constituting their own private " Estate, being totally unconncdted with the Public " Expenditure, as they before had the Honour of representing to the Committee, they request to decline " making a further Return."

The Witness was asked.

Have you seen the Form of the Return, which has been required by this Committee from the Prothonotaries or the Court of Common Pleas ? — I have.

Do you submit to make such a Return, so far as

regards yourself, or do you refute to make it ?--1 re- Appendix *

fule to make it, for the Reasons assigned in the First No- 8 Return, and the Return of Today.

Withdrew.

Henry Earle, Esquire, 2d Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas.

Have you seen the Form of the Return, which has been required by this Committee from the Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas ?----1 have.

Do you submit to make such a Return, so far as regards yourself, or do you refuse to make it ?-1 re-

sute it, for the Reasons fubniitted to the Committee ' in the First Answer submitted to the Committee, and referred to in the joint Answer delivered Today.

Withdrew.

Robert Ray, Esquire, 3rd Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas.

Have you seen the Form of the Return, which has been required by this Committee from the Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pieas ? — -I have.

Do you submit to make such Return, so far as regards yourself, or do you refuse to make it ?-1 re-

fuse to make it, for the Reasons assigned in the Answer which the Prothonotaries have returned to this Committee. Withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report From further Consideration the Report which, upon Tknrfday last, was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways t,ier ronfi. and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Ma- < crcJ' jesty be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First Two Hundred and Twenty-two Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, wrere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Two Hundred and Twenty-third Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House,

The

61

21° M.

A. 1798.

The subsequent Refolqtions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hou e.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Resolutions agreed to by the House: And that Mr.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Towtishend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

f"m Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Vr . "reTra Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-t . ig - ferred to consider of Measures for the more effectual Tadc. Protection of the Trade of this Country against the Enemy, during the War, the Rel'olution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no British Ship or Vessel, required by Law to be registered, be permitted to depart from any Port or Place whatever, unless under the Convoy and Protection of such Ships of War as shall be appointed for that Purpose, except such Vessels which may be authorized to fail without Convoy by Licence from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or Persons authorized by them.

The laid liesolution being read a Sccdnd Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

laflruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the last mentioned Bill, That they do make Provision therein pursuant to the said Resolution.

:-ndon port Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill, deterred. Reac]ing Qf the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Report on Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from

Duties upon the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was ported by the referred to consider of the Duties payable on Spices Bail India imported by the East India Company.

Company. Air. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W: ere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs, imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same iTiall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, an additional Duty of Two Pounds Tea Shillings.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said liesolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

IfleofMwt Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bui, deterred. ref0|ve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Traile and Manufactures of the of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual

5

Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Armorial to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bl11,

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates ifi'ued wfith respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Bill for Psy. Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to CaiesofMif. consider further of the Bill to empow'er certain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Mif-demeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Sugar Bill,' Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in Prcl':ntc,-the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Or" Governor der, a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Go" 31 ^ vernors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India rented. Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committees to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend several Laws of Excise relating;

to Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer, and Cycler exported, Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, and Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That' an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Prevention " of selling Ale and other Liquors by Persons not duly " licet;fed," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- infh-utfios. mittee. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for exempting from the Penalty imposed by the said Act, Persons selling Ale and Beer in Calks containing not leis than Five Gallons, or in Bottles, not less than Two Dozen, not to be drank in their own Houses, or Places adjoining thereto.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Committee of Ways and Means,

Bill to continue Act for Enc'»ir a e-ment of British Tiiheries, reported.

Report of Ship Owners Bill, further fonlidered.

38 Geo. III. 21 > Mait\ 613

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Hobarttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, " made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," was committed,' the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after yards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendinent was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingr lied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be thea ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth,

Tellers for the Yeas

S

inS--i

' is: J

41.

' Mr Alderman '

ton,

Mr. Alderman Curtis.

T „ r.1 \r V Sir William , . 7

Tellers for tire Noes, j Mf HmJ . J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by- the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (C), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause-(C), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, was read a Second Time,- and amended.

And, the Question being put, That the House doth

V»l- 5,3.

agree with the Committee in the said Amendment fq amended;

The House divided,

The Noes went forth.

(Mr. John Smyth,

Mr. Alderman ton:

Tellers for the Noes, j y!r'

I Mr. Perceval

So it palfed in the Negative.

Clause (D), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (E % the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, \vas read a Second Time, and amended,

Anc} the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment fq amended;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

!Mr. Alderman Lifting- 1 ton, > 32.

The Lord Hazckesbury: J So it palfed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ThursdayMorning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committees, and'on the Report, be printed at the Expence of the Parties applying for the lame, and be delivered, at the Door, to the Members of the House,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this " Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or " Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a " certain Sum,' and to suspend the coining of Silver, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morq-ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties " on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for " better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising " in certain Courts of Justice in Britain," as

impoTes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Chapel, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morq-ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Se-

7 H cop4

Bill respe<5>-ing the coining of Silyer deterred.

Bill for repealing the Duty on licences to Curates, deferred.

Bill to amend Act concerning Tanners, &c. deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Bill for billeting Yeomanry Cavalry, deferred.

Order read for further Conll-deration of Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Petition of West India Planters, against D« Bill.

Report further considered.

614 21° — 220 Maii. 1798,

cond Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoe-.

" makers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting " of Leather," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be delirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, interested in the British West India Islands, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the same contains Clauses which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be highly injurious to their Interests, and of others for whom they arc concerned; and that the Regulations, enacted by the Laws now in Force for carrying on the aforesaid Trade, have been found fully and effectually to answer every humane and salutary Purpose proposed thereby; and the Petitioners are not apprized that any Complaints whatever have, since the passing thereof, been made, or that any Grounds for Complaint do in any Degree exist to render an Alteration of the Law in this Respect necessary; and the Petitioners are therefore persuaded, that the additional Regulations proposed have not for their Object any requisite Accommodation to the Slaves in the Middle Past'age (which the Petitioners would gladly afient to, if the existing Provisions to that Effect were shewn to be defective) but that they tend to abolish the Trade, by rendering its Expence insupportable, and thereby to deprive the Petitioners of the Means of cultivating their Estates: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. v

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others the Merchants of London and Liverpool, concerned in the African Slave Trade; and alto the Petition of the Merchants and others concerned in the African Slave Trade from the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being called in;

The said Report was again read,

And the said Petitions were also read.

And the said Counsel was in Part heard.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, withn out a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 220 Maii \

Anno 38° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. Bramflon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the Estates settled by the Will of Jacob Houblon, Esquire, for Part of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of his Son John Houblon, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of , in the County of

York, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbuxne, of , do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur-i rence.

Sir Martin Browne folkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands and Fen Grounds, lying in the Parishes of Out well. Stow-Bar dolph, IVimbotsham, and Down-ham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Veny, in' the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of (he House, relative to Bills of Inclosure. had

Houblon' Estate Bill, reported, and passed *

Rochdale nal Company's Bil passed.

Outwell, and

Stow Bar-dolph, &c. Drainage Bill, presented.

Sutton Veny Division and Allotment Bill, reported.

22° Matt.

38 Geo. III.

615

Mavis Ender-by luciolurc passed.

Wansford Bridge ai>d Stamford J<oatis Bill, passed.

been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the ‘Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property rated to the Poor at zs. 8 who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property affected by the Bill is rated at £.1.7; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to, the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Qne by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, w(th the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Bands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis , in the County of Lin-r

coin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable kinds and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis Enderby, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lores, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross in the Town of Bourn, in the same County, and from the North End of the Bridge to Scotgate, both in Stamford aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed Jo be made to the Bill;

Pr. 16. J. 2. To leave out from "a" so " Messuage" in Line 25,

To leave out " said."

To leave out " Two-third'' and insert " Three-fourth" instead thereof.

.To leave out " Third" anc| insert " Fourth" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill wpis amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amend the Powers of Thrpe Acts, palfed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Jteign of King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to the Market Cross in the Town of Bourn, in the said County of ftincoln, and from the North End of Stamford Bridge 'to Scotgate, both in Stamford aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Earl of Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

gjtion 1 t . A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

tef uu Ut thpreunto subscribed, being Dealers in B«[tt r, resident Vol. 53.

fr. 23.

1- 34-1. 27.

1:33'

in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amend- ing and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the I eign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter,

" and to repeal certain Acts relating the reto:" And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Re upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, fora Encourage-0 Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth ment of Bo-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the Br.itish Fisheries," be no\v read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and f amend an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries."

Ordered, That Mr, Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, t whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act " concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other " Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," was committed,

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported fro, in the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for securing to Mr. Sealy the Privilege of his Patent.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for sealing Leather with a distinct Seal, tanned as therein mentioned.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the fjoule, to be made Part of the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b$ ingrossed. v

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bjll shall be then ingrossed.

N Message

Sou then\ Whale FUhc ries Bill, palfed.

Bill to amend Act concerning Tanners, See. reported.

The Lords havt agreed to

Harfton Tn-cloAire Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have p :il'ed

Starkie's Estate Bill.

Petition of Mr. CF ghorn, See. referred to a Committee.

Committee on Armorial Bearings Bill.

Special Report from Committee of Finance, further considered.

616 .22° Mail. 1798.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. IFilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting and dividing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying within the several Pantiles of a-nd and

certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Fields called Mount Fit1/, I, Red Dean Field, and Field, and

Part of a certain Moor called Little Floor,

within HarJIon and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes

of Little Shelf ord and New ion, tome or one of them, all in the County of Cambridge-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, .

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon the settled Estates of Le GeuJre Pierce Starkie, Esquire, and applying the Money to arile therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and allowing Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms ot Years, to be made of Part of l'uch settled Estates, for the Purpose of Building; to which the Lords dHire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

were given, by the House, to the said Committee, on the 13th Day of the same Month, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the Fourteenth Report, which, upon the 19th Day of Jtdy, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the said. Committee, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 21st Day of February, in this Session of Parliament, of the Appointment of the Select Committee from which the Special Report now taken into Consideration was made, together with the Inltrudlions which were given by the House to the said Committee on the 5th Day of April last, might be read.-

And the same being read accordingly;

Rtf jived. That, the said Committee were authorized Resolution to require, from the Curlitors of the Court of Chan- thereuPon'

eery and the Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas, Returns to the Orders referred to in the said Report.

Ordered, That the said Special Report be taken into further Comiuerr.tion upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant May.

The House was moved. That the Petition of David Cleghorn, Brewer, in Edinburgh, for himlelt and the other Brewers of the City of Edinburgh, and its Environs, which w'as presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again-read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Chnsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fait, Mr, Baker, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve irfeif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the P H for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings'or Ensigns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Special Report which was Yesterday made from the Select Committee appointed further to examine and state the total Amount of the Public Debts, and for other Purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Report was again read.

And the Appendix thereto was also read.

- The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal, of the House of the 10th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Appointment of a Select Committee to examine and state the Amount of the Public Debts, and for other the' Purposes there mentioned, together with the several Instructions which

9

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Petition from Council, «~if the City of Glasgozv, of the Dean of Guild, a TaxTpon' and his Council of the Merchants' House; of the Dea- Property, con. Convener, and Members, of the Trades House; and of the Chairmen and Directors of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures; all of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen, with Pleasure, the Spirit of all Ranks of People in thele Kingdoms rising in Defence of the Country against the Designs of an inveterate Enemy, who has threatened its invasion, and the Destruction of its Religion, its Liberty, and Law's; and that this Spirit, manifested by the numerous Armed Associations now forming in all Parts of the Kingdom, and by the Voluntary Contributions of Individuals in Aid to Government, while it fumifhes the surest Proof of Attachment to our happy Constitution, affords the belt grounded Hope of frustrating the boasted Threats of an insolent Foe, and of restoring to this Country the Blessings of Peace; and that, as, during the Continuation of this Contest,- a great and extraordinary Expence mu ft be incurred, to which, the Petitioners are apprehensive, neither the existing Taxes nor the Voluntary Contributions will be adequate, they are of Opinion that, in the present State of the Public Funds, it would be desirable that as great a Part of the Supplies as possible should be raised within the Year, without a Loan, and that a small Tax upon every Kind of Property or Stock would be the best Measure that could be resorted to, in order to make the Burthen fall equally upon all Descriptions of People; and that, though Inconveniences and even Difficulties to Individuals may occur . in the Execution of this Plan, yet, when the Petitioners copfider that the very Existence of the Country, and of all that is held valuable in Society, depends on the Issue of this Contest, they trust that the same Spirit, which has hitherto supported the British Name, and raised these Kingdoms so high in the Scale of the Nations of Europe, will still manifest itself in surmounting these Hardships, and will prove effectual, under the Blessing of God, for maintaining and defending them from all the Effects of the Preparations now making against them: And therefore praying, That the House would take this Matter into its Consideration, and adopt such Measures as to its Wisdom may seem most expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon thq Table, ' ,

Mr,

Sill for Protection of Trade, presented.

Report Ways and Means.

Pay and Cloathine of the Militia *

Allowances to Militia Offers.

Instruction respecting the Duties onCin-namon, Sea, iold by the East India Company.

Committee on Bill for re-‘ pealing the Duty on Licences to Curates.

38 Geo. III.

22° Mail.

617

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to

.Order, a Bill for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Titne.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whoih it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raiding the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Gloathing of the Militia in that fart of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1798, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cohjmittee, That the Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace, for the Year 1798, bd defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tai granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

The said Resolutions being severally read a' Second Time, were, upon the Question Severally put' thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That aJ Bill be brought in, upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That, it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution which was Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable on Spices imported by the East India Company, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for directing that the Duties, now charged, on Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace,-and Nutmegs, shall not become payable until the same shall be sold at the Sales of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made -in the last Seffiah of Parliament, intituled, An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on " the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better " securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by " Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain " Courts of Justice in Great Britain," asimposes a Duty on Licences granted toStipendiaryCurates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Chapel, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vo t.53.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Spice Duties a Bill for regulating the 'Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. 1 Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

: .

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Billtoamend Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to rented. ' amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coachmakers; Auctioneers, Beer, and Cyder exported, Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, and Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

upon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the ingossed.

by tly Bill,

with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Ihurfday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning; Woodmafon' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for difiolving the Marriage of James Woodmafon,

Esquire, with Mary Magdelain, his now Wife, late Mary Magdelain Gaville, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Sugar Bill, Reading of the Bill to continue and amend an Act; comlIutted made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Draw- '

backs and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation -of Sugar', be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. 1

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieu- BUiTcamniti tenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee'of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for regu} the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from slave , defer-the Coast of Africa, was committed, be taken into fur- red ther Confederation upon Friday Morning next.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Yester- ship owner day, for reading the Third Time, upon Thursday Mom- d far 4 *

7 S ing

Bill to limit the trading for Slaves, committed.

Comnuttce on Finance Reports of la ft Selhon, deferred.

Northern Lighthouses Bill, deferred.

Bill respecting the coining of Silver, deferred.

Bill for billet-i ng Yeomanry-Cavalry, deferral.

Stone Inclo-sure Bill, reported.

6i8

ing next (if iiigrofled) the Bill for the further Relief of Owners and Matters of Ships, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and Rate the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure.

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled; " An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this " Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain " or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof be " yond a certain Sum," and to suspend the coining of Silver.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Met cur ii, 230 die Matt; ,

Anno 38 Georgii III111 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

SIR Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, called Stone Field, and The Sandpits, was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and -found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with } and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 40 Acres 2 Roods and 14 Perches of Land, who refused to figq the Bill, and that the whole Property

1798.

interested in the Inclosure consists of 360 Acres 3 Roods and 13 Perches,'or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughput; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting, in Se- Sutton v«#y veralty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Allotment Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common- Bill, paired, able Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Veny, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Veny, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the i rds Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, shrewtori An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the rnclosure Bill, Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Common asreedt0-Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Shrewton, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. I.27. After "accordingly" insert Clause

(A.)

Clause ( ..) Provided nevertheless, and be it " further Enacted, That in case " any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Estate within the said Parish, or within " any of the several Parishes adjoining, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said'

* Commissioners, in relation to " setting out and fixing the said " Boundaries, and shall bedefirous " of having the same enquired " into and decided by a Trial at " Law, and shall, by Writing " under his or their Hand or " Hands, signify to the said Commissioners, or any One of them,

" or to the Solicitor acting under them in the Business of the " said Inclosure, such Desire and " Intention, within Twenty Days " after the said Boundaries shall " be ascertained, set out, and " fixed by the said Commissioners, that then, but not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful " for such Owners or Proprietors " to have the same settled and " determined by a Trial at Law,

" upon an Action to be brought " by him or them against any " Person or Persons in whose Fayour the Determination of the " said Commissioners shall be " made, upon a feignedIflue, to be " settled by the proper Officer of

" the

22°~ — 23° Man.

Goo e

3.8 Geo. III. 230 Mail. 61

" the Court in which such Action " shall be brought, in case the " Parties differ about the fame; " and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action is or are ‘ " hereby required to appear, ac-

" cept a Declaration, and plead " to Issue; and the Plaintiff of - " Plaintiffs in such Action shall

' " proceed therein, so as to have the same tried and determined " at the First, or at the Second " Assize at the farthest, to be , " holden for the said County of " , next after the said De-

" cifion of the said Commissioners; which said Trial at Law, and " the Verdict thereupon given, " shall be final and conclusive " to all Parties concerned or in- 1 " terested therein, to all Intents, " Purposes, and Constructions " whatsoever; but in case no such Trial at Law shall be had " and proceeded in as aforesaid, " that then the Determination of " the said Commissioners, touch-

ing the said Boundaries, shall be binding, final, and con *

1 " elusive.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, v was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mri Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

SirafTham ' General Adeane reported from the Committee, to dofore BiiS." whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, drain-fepcwted.: ing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadow's, Commonable Land, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish' of Swaffham Bulbeck, in the County of Cambridge,

Was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing-Orders of the House,

relative to7 Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with r

and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that &e Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction /of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands in the said Parish, rated to the Poor's Rates at £. 68. 8 . per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates of the Proprietors within the said Parish are rated to the Poor's Rates at £.1,414. 19s. per Annum-, and that no Person appeared-before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

;which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ixjrds The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

AlK'nkb>ent rnen< ments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, overblow" An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Incioiure Bill, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the agreed to Manor and Township of in the Parish

of Kirkby Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Vol; 53.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 19. Leave out from " Disability" to " Provided" in Line 24 and insert " Provided that no Exchange " of any Lands or Tenements held - in Right of any Church or Chapel, shall be made by virtue of " this Act, without the Consent " in Writing of the Bishop of the " Diocese, and the Patron of such " Church or Chapel, for the Time . " being."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the I-o s Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common hall incioiure and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Bill, agreed to Sicklinghall with Woodhall, in the Parish of Kirkby O verblow, in the West Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendment was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Pr 16. 1. 41. After " Disability" insert the following Proviso:

1 " Provided, that no Exchange

of any Lands or Tenements held in Right of any Church or Chapel,

shall be made by virtue of this " Act, without the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese,

" and the Patron of such Church or " Chapel, for the Time being."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Brock's Nat. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An r'$°Ped Act for naturalizing John Brock, was committed; That pa the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

r‘

Mr. Alderman Lufhingion reported from the Com- Bill to amend tjiittee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering Pack-more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year ing of Butter, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An reported.

" Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing,

Weight, and Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain " Acts relating thereto," was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. , Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- ' grossed.

Ordered,

620

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the' laid Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Lord Pettrbo- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BnLrMd'ft to for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir John deceased, in the

Right Honourable Charles Henry Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth, in lieu of other Estates settled to the Uses of the said Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mali.

A. 1798.

The Lords have agreed so the Bill intituled, An Tweedmoutu Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a thA wId! Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Tweedmouth ment and Spittle Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Chapelry of Tweedmouth, and County of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain ancient Infield Lands, within the said Chapelry; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Petition in favour of Butter Bill.

Committee on Woodmafon's Divorce Bill.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill relating to Qualification of Commissioners of Land Tax.

St. Sepulchre's Poor Bill.

Birmingham Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Weston Tur-ville Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dealers in Butter, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and its

Environs, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act <l to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, " Weight, and Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain " Acts relating the retoAnd praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of James Woodmafon, Esquire, with Mary Magdelain, his now Wife, late Mary Magdelain Gaville, and for enabling him to marry again,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Partyappeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, paired in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, " to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeight," as relates to the Qualification! of Commissioners; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have ‘agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Weston , in the County of Buckingham-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit, again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' House, to consider further of Ways- and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committed of Way and Means.

Petition for Leave to present a Petition relative to the Town and Port of Liverpool.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses', of the Town and Port of Liverpool, in their General Corporate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the said Town and Port, as Trustees of the Docks, and also of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners-of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from the critical Situation of the Nation at large, under the Apprehension of

S)anger from an inveterate Enemy, who threatens.

aily to invade our Coasts, and the particular-Mischief and Injury to which the Town and Port of „

its Docks, and Shipping, will be exposed if they should become the Objects of Attack, the Petitioners are induced to solicit the Countenance of the Legislature to authorize them to raise such a Sum of Money, by a Rate upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, as to one Moiety, and a Voluntary Contribution from the Corporate Fund, and the distinct Fund of the Trustees of the Docks, as to the other Moiety, as may be deemed sufficient to enable the Petitioners to provide suitable and adequate Floating Batteries and other Works, with Gun Boats, to be stationed at the Mouth of the Harbour, and upon the Coast, in Addition to the Military Force upon Land, under such Regulations as the House shall deem proper, in order to refill and repel any Attack that may be made upon the Town and Port of verpool;but, owing to the Time allowed for the Presentation of private Petitions having elapsed, the Petitioners are advised that they cannot, in common and regular Course, be now permitted to present the proper and necessary Petition for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That, from the very urgent Necessity of the Measure, they may be indulged with the Liberty of preferring a Petition to the House, to enable them to bring in a Bill for obtaining the Powers necessary to answer the Purposes of defending the Town and Port of Liverpool in Manner above-mentioned.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave gir , Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given

38 Geo. Ill, 23° Ma

given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town and Port of Liver pool, and other Persons before-mentioned.

Petition pre- Then a Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, jitqted. of the Town and Port of Liverpool, in their General Corporate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the said Town and Port, as Trustees of the Docks, and also, of the Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the'

Parishioners of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be give® to bring in a Bill to answer the Purposes be tore dated.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

morial Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Jteuing Bill, committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with retpedl to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, id at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Chnmkteeon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

maitof Ex- re ° ve its tf into a Committee of the whole House,

penses m to consider further of the Bill to empower certain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Simeon took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Simeon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-' 1 ' port, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be now received,

frgrtttd,: Mr. Simeonaccordingly reported from the said Com-' ‘ mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had

paade to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table j Where the Report was read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next,

Ordered, That stich ia Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amepded by thd Committee, be printed, as shall bc sufficient Bar the Use of the Members of the

House.

Bill for bane The Order of1 the Day Jxnng read, for the House to s Dutie to itself into a Committee of the whole House,

the Excite, upon the Bill for transferring the Management of the «Ic£erre4. Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excite, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-, ing, resolve itself into the Cud Committee.

Vpl- 5.5.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to- ifleofMw resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®lU' d<fe re<i' upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said liland; -

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply de-, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tcned to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill for Pro-Reading of the Bill for the better Protection of the °<L-Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and addi- ferred.' tional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning,

1

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for re-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duty>onlLi-repealing so mfich of an Act, made in the last Session cences to Civ, of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His es> reP0IV Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Mat- e " ters therein mentioned, and for better securing the - '

" Duties oh Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors,

" Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain,"' as imposes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Chapel, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the v Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Quoftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed. !

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. .

A Bill for regulating the Payment of the Duties on spices Bin, Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for grant- committed, ing to His Majesty additional Duties thereon, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. -, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself ip(o a Committee of the whole JHouse *

Vtpoi} the said Bill,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Suepr Bill, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, dofen® -upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and' Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Governor ing next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whple L" e"Jnity , House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Qovemors, erKa *

Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

7 T Resolved,

Bill refining the coining of Silver, deferred.

Bill for billeting Yeomanry Cavalry, deferred. '

St. Philip and Jacob and St. George (Gloucester) Poor, &c. BilJ, committed.

Bill respe&-ing Indentures of Gerkships to Attornies, ordered.

House adjourned.

Jones's Estate Bill, reported, and paHed.

622 230 — 240- — 25° 1798.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rctblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or " Ireland, and to restraiq the Tender thereof beyond a

" certain Sum," and to suspend the coining of Silver.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomany Cavalry as may be delirous of affexnbling for the Purpose of being trained1 together, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and

A Bill for separating the Two Parishes, called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, as to the Maintenance of the Poor, and the Repairs of the Highways, of these Parishes, and as to ail Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax, and for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish. of Saint George, and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bragge, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr . Wigleyhave Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow further Time for the Payment of the Stamp Duties on indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in the Courts of England, and for the Inrolment of such Indentures in certain Cafes: And that Mr. Wigley and Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

- y- — --- — ..... — — — -1 ....

Jovis, 240 Maii\

Anno 38° Georgii III'" Regis, 1798.

Pray ers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of -the Gloek, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Toil of the Clock.

-' . Vi . 1

— p — :. . 1« 'M»r

Veneris, 2 50 die Mail;

1

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers. . 1

Mil. John Pitt reported from, the Committee, to whom the ingrofield Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Copy-hold Estates, devised by the Will of the late Arthur

' 9

Jones, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and Liberties of London and Westminster, in Trullees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale, together with the Sum of Fifty-three thousand Three hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, Handing in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, on Trull, in a certain Cause in the said. Court, Macnamara against Jones, being the clear Rc-lidue of the Personal Estate of the said Testator Arthur Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trustees to grant Leases of the Estates so to be purchased, and also to cut Timber growing thereupon, subject to Restrictions, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to tire Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And, the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

' V.

Ah ingrafted Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish; of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Her, to raise Money, by, Rates, or otherwise, for the better and more effectual discharging Annuities heretofore granted to certain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing Dire Church belonging to the said Parish, was read the Tiurd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for authorizing the Trustee? therein named, to raise Money, by Rates'Or Assessments, within the Pan rish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Alban, in the County of Hertford, for the better and more effectually discharging Annuities heretofore granted to certain Pprfons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Opea and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-f monable Lands, within , the Parish of Westoh Turviilei in the County of Buckingham.- r

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz. y. . ! - >;

Pn 37. 1. 24. After " Diocese" insert: and tlii 1 w Patron or Patrons of the Living

" for the Time being." . ' 1: 1.- 5. Leave out'" his Hand" and insert . f their Hands."

.L26. Leave out ‘‘<uSeal". and insert " Seals." . !

Pr. 66. 1. 37. Leave out from " Inclosure" to ' " And," in Press 67, (Line 15.'

The. laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.: '

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

' ' J I

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

St. Alban's Rates Bill, passed.

Lords

Amendments to Weston TurviUeJiv»v

closure Bill, agreed to *

Lords

Amendments to Tweed-mouth Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Lloyd Eftute Bill, committed.

Malmcfbury Paving Bill, reported.

Oxford Roads Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III.

250 Mali.

62$

tuled. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, a Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Tweedmouth and Spittle Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Chapelry of mouth, and County of Durham, and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain ancient Infield Lands, within the said Chapelry.

And the1 said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 23. 1. 12. After " Commissioners" insert the following Proviso:

" Provided, that nothing herein

" contained shall authorize the " said Commissioners and Arbitrator, to determine any Differences or Disputes that may " arise touching or concerning the " Title to any Lands or other " Hereditaments.1"

Pr. 56. 1. 10, Leave out " but as" and insert " And " whereas."

Pr. 57. 1. 13. 'Leave out " and as" and insert" And "whereas."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir Edward Lloyd, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Other Estates, to be settled, under the Di-xeflioh of the Court of Chancery, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, John Pitt, Mr. Baldioin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

I „ *

Mr. Eftcourt reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for paving the Footways, and for qjeanfing, lighting, and regulating, the Streets and other public Passagee and Places within the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the -fame, and for removing and preventing Nuitances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tire Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report'in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at-the Clerk's Table: Where the Arriendments were Once read throughout; and then a'Second'Time, One by Ope; and, upon the Ques-«ioh fei'erally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. j :-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr . John Fane-reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for1 continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Ptace called Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of H Hill to Foxcomb Hill Cate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County . o (Berks, so far as the same relate to The Oxford Districft of the said Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

VOL. 53.

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tho Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of James Woodmafon, Esquire, with Mary Magdelain, his now Wife, late Mary Magdelain Gaville, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting and dividing the Open and Common /Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying within the several Parishes of Harjion and Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable.Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Fields called, Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Pefftlls Field, and Part of a certain Moor called Little Shelf or d Moor, within Harfton and Hauxton aforesaid, and the Parishes of ford and Newton, feme or one of them, all in the County of Cambridge.

Ana the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Pr, 5. 1, 14. Leave out " Parish" and insert " Parishes."

1, 15. After " " insert " Harfton

" and Hauxton, feme or one of " them,"

Pr. 6. 1, 7. After " and" insert " all and.' *

1. 13. After " at" insert 4‘ all or,"

Pr. 57. 1. 1 5. After " Ely" insert " and the respect

tive Patrons."

Pr. 64. 1, 38. T Leave out " testified under his & i "Hand," and insert " and the re-39, 3 ‘4 spective Patrons."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Timi, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment? made bjr their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intitu- . led, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. ‘ .

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth i viz.

Pr. 1. J. 32. After " of" insert Saint Martin "in."

Pr. 36. 1, 16, Leave out and Outbuildings."

Leave out " and Outbuildings."

Pr. 42. 1. 35. Leave out "his Successors" and insert " the Patron of the Living " for the Time being.

1. 36. ? Leave out " his Hand" and insert & 37. j " their Hands."

1. 37. Leave out " Seal" and insert " Seals."

Pr, 43.

Woodmafon > Divorce Bill, passed.

Lord *

Amendment to Hariton Inclosure BUI agreed tQ.

Lord *

Amendment to Birmingham Inclosur Bill, agreed to.

<5 4 250 Mali. 1798.

Pr. 43. 1. 6. After " from" insert " the End of."

1. 8. Leave out from " Ad" to " so,"

in Line 11.

1. 17. After "Fine" insert " Premium or " Foregift."

The fiid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Starkie' - An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Blll> Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon the settled Estates of Le Gendre Pierce Starkie, Esquire, and applying the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and allowing Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, to be made of Part of such settled Estates, for the Purpose of Building, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. cleg- Mr. Taitreported from the Committee, to whom t lon, report- e Petition of David Brewer, in Edinburgh,

«d, and refer- for himself and the other Brewers of the City of mfttee of the' Edinburgh, and its Environs, was referred; That the

House. Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Brown, Esquire, One of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, being examined, said, That the Duty of Two Pennies Scots on Ale and Beer brewed, brought into, tapped, and fold, within the said City, and Liberties thereof, has, in his Opinion, been detrimental to the Public Revenue; that the Board of Excise have repeatedly wrote to the Lords of the Treasury their hill Opinion on the Subject, in which they stated the Benefits that would be derived to the Revenue, from abolishing, or not continuing, the said Duty, in the City of Edinburgh: That it is his Opinion, that the Advantage to be derived to the Revenue by the Abolition of the Duty, would be more than sufficient to enable the Lords of the Treasury to apply an Annual Sum of Money, out of the Revenue of Excise in Scotland, for answering and defraying the Purposes for which the said Duty was originally granted and continued, and that, without any Lois or Expence to the Public Revenue.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Bill for regu- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ppersf&c. ' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 'deferred. upon the Bill for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known, and for regulating the printing and Publication of such. Papers in other ltefpedls;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

- Petition from A Petition of John Anderson and Alexander Anderson,

Phi/potLane, London, Merchants, Proprietors of 1(land again it Buna Island, in the River Sierra Leon, on the Westwafd'

limit ''he° Coafb of Africa, was presented to the House, and trading for read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the

Slaves. Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

for the Application of a Sum of Money therein mentioned, granted to His Majesty for making Compenfa-

tion and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, " that whereas it appears that a certain lfiand, situate on the River Sierra Leon, on the said Coast of Africa, called Bance Island, with a Fort and Buildings thereon, having been formerly in the Possession of the said Royal,

Company, was, in the Year 1728, deserted by the said Company 4nd their Agents, and the said Fort for some Time past has been in the Possession of Alexander.

Grant, John Sargent, and Richard of London,

Merchants, who have disbursed a considerable Sum in the Preservation and Improvement of the said Island and Fort, and for which it is just and reasonable they should have a Recompence, and that the said Alexander Grant, John Sargent, and Richard Oswald, should be at Liberty to continue in the quiet Possession of the said Island, Fort, and Buildings thereon, and that the same should from thenceforth continue and be absolutely vested in them, their Heirs, and Assigns;" and that, upon the Faith of the Right granted, and the Protection afforded them by the said Act, they established large Factories upon the said Island and in the Neighbourhood, and inverted a very great Capital therein; and that the Petitioners afterwards purchased the Right and Interest of the Persons entitled to the said Island, with the Slaves and other Property thereon and are now the foie Proprietors thereof; and that the Petitioners now have a very large Capital inverted in the Settlement and Factory, which the Petitioners have employed in the African Slave Trade, upon the Faith of the Right vested in them by the said Act, and they apprehend that, by the Bill now depending in Parliament, it is intended to prohibit the trading for Slaves on that Part of the Coast of Africa which includes the Whole of Bance Island; and that, by such Prohibition, the said Factory will become useless to the Petitioners, and the Capital employed, and now veiled therein, will be wholly loft; and that, in the Year 1794, by an Invasion of American and French fub-jedls, the Property of the Petitioners on the said Island alone, to the Amount of £.20,000 Sterling, and upwards, was destroyed, and the Petitioners have since replaced and laid out the Amount of such Property so destroyed, and have, at great Riskand Labour, and at an immense Expence, established a; great Trade at the said Island, and that they did fq upon the Assurance and Belief that by the said Act the Property of the said Island, and the Right of carrying on their Trade there, was as perfectly veiled in, and secured to them, as any other Species of, Property which the Sub-je<5ls of this Realm polfefs under the Protection and Sanction of the Law: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition tie referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the grading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, is., committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second London Port Reading of the Bill for rendering more commodious, Bill, deferred and for better regulating, the Port of London-,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

f *

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to Bill respefr-Order, a Bill to allow further Time for the Payment fesIn„fen' of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to clerk(h!p$to Solicitors and Attornies in the Courts of Attorxies,

and for the Inrolment of such Indentures in certain Presente< ' -Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

'The Lords have agreed to

Bill to amend Act for dividing St. James'sParish, Bristol.

Ablrgdort koads Bill.

Red more and Holly Hall Koaas Bill.

Rochdale Canal Company's Estate Bill.

Manchester wui Ashton under- lyne Canal Bill.

Edinburgh Roads Bill.

Militia Regulation Bill, with Ai-uend-

Hicats,

38 Gko. lit. It? Mail,625

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

IVilmot:

Mr. Speaker *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing the " Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of " Bristol, and County of Gleand for building

" a Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church " Yard, and Parsonage House, within the new Parish';" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one passed in the.Twenty-ninth Year of the lleign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Fryar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill , in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far

as the same relate to The Abingdon District of the said Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the' then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Colley Gale, in Cradley, and from Ped-more to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned; in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of IVwcester and Stafford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon certainTrufts therein mentioned, discharged from all Claims of the Crown, in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, of by virtue of, the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-lyne and Oldham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North Eand the Water of,

in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom;

Vol. 53.

with some Amendments \ to Which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes Lord-ftiips, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Territories,

of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grovehi/l,

Storkhill, Molescroft, Leckonfield, Arrarn, Scorbrough,

ington, Ayke, Befivick, Wiff holme, Watton,

lon-Cranfivick, Rctfea, Featherholme, Skerne, Brigham, Fiftiholme, Nafferlon, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, Foston, Burton-Agnes, Granfmoor, Lisse't, Barmfton, Ulram otherwise Owram, Skipfca, Dringhoe, Becford, North Frodingham, Brandes-Burton, Moor-Town, Leven, motland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and Siruncheon all in the East Riding of the County of York-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill to emnower cer-

# # 4

tain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanori, to be paid out of the County Stock, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;,

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration;

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War: And that Mr. Huskiffon, Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 9th Day of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed', which was made from the Committee, to whom the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 21st Day of March last, by Mr from the Transport, Board, and by Mr. Stewart, from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, respecting the Treatment of Prisoners of War, were referred, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into furthet Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.'

7 0 ,

Bill to regulate certain Ofrices in tbfe Customs, with Amendments *

Bill to regulate the Trial of Causes, &c. with Amendments.

Beverley, SrCh Drainage Bill, with Amend ments *

Repott of Bill for Payment of Expences in Cafes of Misdemeanors, further confide red.

Miners Bill ordered.

Report on Papers relating to Prison-ers of War, to be further contidued.

v,

6a6 a 50 MA. 1798.

Bill cr mak- Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for making TrVx'perpe'11 PerPetuah fabjeft to Redemption and Pufchafe, in the tual, deferred. Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798, be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Bill for better The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Nav"'or-1'6 Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, dered! intituled, "An Act for removing certain Difficulties

" with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning

of His Majesty's Navy, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-" poled. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the

more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy;

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 23d and 24th Days of June 1779, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Bill for removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy, for a Time to be limited, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Arden, Lord Hugh Seymour, Sir Philip Stephens, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Report Ways Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of an Means, j.jie whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do make the said Reports . Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Lottery. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Six hundred and Sixty-seven thousand Nine hundred and Sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to conlift of Fifty thousand Tickets, at Thirteen Pound's Seven Shillings and Two Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 25th Day of this Instant May, make a De-polit with the Cashiers of the Bank of England of One Pound Seven Shillings and Two Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say;

f.2011 or before the 27 th Day of next;

£.2 on or before the 14th Day of September next;

£.2 on or before the 30th Day of next;

£.3 on or before the 29th Day of next;

and,

£.3 on or before the 15th Day of January 1799: And that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1798, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on, or ,at any Time after, the til Day of August 1799, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever, and

that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of £667,916. i3r. 4 at any Time on or before the 28th Day of November 1798, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of £. 3 per Cetitum per Annum, on the Sum so completing his or her Contributfon respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 15th Day of January 1799. '

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. ‘Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill for better House, according to Order, a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy: And rented, the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. committed'.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,. That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considertd. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.' Wallace reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wallace accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, miltee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be, ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One specting thousand Eight hundred, and until the End of the then lic . srefcl next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made Amend-in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present meats. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regula-'

" tions respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or " resident therein, in certain Cafes."

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

' Pr. 11. 1. 25. After " made" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That

" Aliens abiding in this Kingdom by His Majesty's Licence,

" pursuant to the Directions of ' " this

Bill for better Manning the Navy, passed.

Bill to amend -Ad concerning Tanners, &c. passed.

Motion for Bill to prevent the Exportation ot bale Coin, to be considered.

38 Geo. III.

25° Mail.

627

w this Act, shall not be liable to " be arrested, imprisoned, or held " to Bail, or to find any Caution " for their forthcoming, or paying any Debt, nor to be taken " in Execution on any Judg-J " ment, nor by any Caption, for

" or by reason of any Debt, or " other Cause of Action, con-< " trafted or arising in any Parts

" beyond the Seas, other than " the Dominions of His Majesty; and in case any Alien " abiding by Licence shall be arrested, imprisoned, or held " to Bail, or taken in Execution " on a Judgment, or by any " Caption, such Alien shall be " discharged therefrom by Order " of any of His Majesty's Courts " in Hall, ox of the

" Court of Session in Scotland, " or of any Judge of such Courts . " in Vacation Time."

The said Amendment being read a Second Tiipe j

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " by His Majesty's " Licence, purl'uant to the Directions of this Act" and inserting the Words " having quitted their respective " Countries by reason of any Resolution or Troubles " in France, or in Countries conquered by the Arms of "France," instead thereof; by inserting after the " Word Majesty" the Words " while such Aliens " were not within the said Dominions of His Majesty;" by inserting after the Word " any" the Word " such;" by leaving out the Words " abiding by Licence" and inserting the Words "shall have been or" instead thereof; and by inserting after the Word "Caption" the Words " contrary to the Intent of this Act."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships; with several Amendments thereunto; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Wallace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King the First,

intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, " Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the " Cutting of Leather," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An " Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers and " other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Lcather." ,

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Exportation of base Coin

Vol. S3-

to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and rica-,

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Comrpittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in Vessels

from the Coast of Africa, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz„

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Thursday Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now' Hand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon " T/ntrfday Morning next" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker *

The Lords have agfeed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy tfnd effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy; without any Amendment.

Arid then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, was committed, be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do make the said Report.

Mr. Long accordingly reported 'from the ftiid Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then £ Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-..tioa severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Horses serving in any Volunteer Corps of Cavalry from the Duty on Horses granted by Act of this Session. _

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, 'to'be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Names of the Persons furnishing such Horses, shall be inserted in the Certificate of the Commanding Officer.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill, shall be then

Bill fot regulating die flipping of Slaves, defer red.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for better Manning the Navy.

Bill for billeting Yeomanry Cavalry, reported.

ingrafted,

Ordered,

V

62 8 2 5° Mail. 1798.

Hi for Pro- Ordered, That the Bill for the better Protection of "rruic" tom- the Trade of this lyingdom, and for granting new and iniued. additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entered outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That" the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole > House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend aured LawS' several Laws of Excise relating to Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer and Cyder exported. Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, and Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer and Cyder exported, Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, and Ale and Beer Licences.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bill resp?a-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon !"g ,hecom *

1 /- t>- i- . >wgofSihwj

the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, deferred, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the " Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from " Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and " to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," and to suspend the coining of Silver.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Armorial Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to -

His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a £)uty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- isle of Mui ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bill, deferred, House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Ife of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said llland.

Bill for re- Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing

Duty onhLl- muc of an Act, made in the last Session of Par-

cemes to Cu- liament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Ma-r»tes, paired. " jesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters " therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of " Justice in Great Britain," as imposes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Chapel, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the i " several Matters therein mentioned, and for better fe- curing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain " Courts of Justice in Great Britain," as imposes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Chapel.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for trans- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-ferring the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tife Excite, to House, upon the Bill for transferring the Management

deferred. of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon.

Spices Duties Resolved, That this House will, upon WMorn- Bill, deterred. ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties1 thereon.

Sugar Bill, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, deterred. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

7

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, dc-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fcrr J to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, J Jans' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committeeo» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, enmity upon the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Bill. Governors, and Persons aft ing as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ship Owmrt Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the further Bril, paired. Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 7. To leave out " are" and insert " may" instead thereof; and after " ltiil" to insert " be."

1. 34. To leave out " which have been or

" which

Sill to amend Act relative to the Packing of Butter parted.

Bill to limit the trading for Shires, deferred.

Northern Ughthouses Bill, deferred.

Royal Afient to hills.

8 Ge6. IIL

45° — 26° Mali.

629

" which shall," and insert " hereafter to" instead thereof.

J r«.2. 1.36,37, ITo leave out " upon any Con and > " tract or Agreement entered into 38. J " after the passing of this Act."

Pr. 4. 1. 27. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to " provided," in Line 38.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Relief of Owners and Mailers of Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitu-.led, " An Act to prevent Abuses and Frauds in the " Packing, Weight, and Sale of Butter, and to repeal " certain Acts relating thereto," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act; made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and " Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Lushington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the Coast of , within certain

Limits.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Commissionfers appointed for erecting certain Lighhouses in the Northern Parts of Great , be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 6° Mail;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

AM ESS AGE by Sir Francis Gentle-,

man Usherof the Black Rod: .

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty'si Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was wad, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent Vol. 53.

to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also. empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the' Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great , the Lord

Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeight," as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners:

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, in Trullees, and their Heirs, upon certain Trulls therein mentioned, discharged from all Claims of the Crown, in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under, or by virtue of, the Statutes of Mortmain, or the Laws relating to Mortmain:

An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London; and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish:

An Act for extending the Neath Canal Navigation, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal:

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making " and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from " near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of " Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, " near to the City of Worcester . "

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable-Canal, or Canal and Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the Newcastle-under-lyme Canal to the Canal of Sir Nigel Bowyer Grefley, Baronet, near the Town of Newcastle-under-lytne, and also another Branch of Canal, or Inclined Plane or Railway, from and out of the said last mentioned Canal, at or n?ar Apedale, to certain Coal and other Works, all in the County of Stafford:

An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into between Beilby Lord Bishop of London, Thomas Wood, Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope, Esquire, Sir John Morfield, Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Robert Thiflethwayte, Esquire, and Selina his Wife, and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: '

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation, from Manchester to or near -ton-under-lyne and Oldham, to finish and complete the same, and the several Cuts and other Works authorized to be made and done by them, by the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and for amending the said Acts, and granting to the said Company further and other Powers:

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act,

7 X passed

.by

630 Matt. 1798}

passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing the " Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucand for building a

" Church, and providing a Cemetery or Church Yard *

" and Parsonage House, within the new Parish t"

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for. making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and,

by Bathgate, to Baitlieston, in the County of Lanerk,

and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned therein:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcombe , in the " Parish of Winterflow, to Harnham , in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Anne's Street, in the City of New Sarum, to the' " Parishes of Land ford and , and from thence to " Ealing, and from Land ford aforesaid, through Ower

" and Tefwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of

" Southamptonand the other passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Romsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near the House of Francis F y, to Lyndhurfi, and from a Place called Hampton Ford to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of

ton, and for repairing the Footways within the said City:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealanin the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to in the Coun-

ty of Fork:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, lb far as the same relate to the Road from Dudley Hill, through Bcckzvithjhaw, to Killing hall, and from Beckwitljhazu to the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the County of York:

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the City of Fork, to New , and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Latte End, in the Village of Heywood, in *

the Parish of Bury, to a tftace called The Land's End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of

Laticafier:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts-, of the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for attending and widen ing the Road leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley; and from Pedmote to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, and

Salop, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford i

An Act for continuing, for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Twd several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of th Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Fryar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to The Abingdon District of the said Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County o i Edinburgh', and for building Bridges over

the Rivers South and North Ejk, and the Water of Leith, in the said County: '

An Act for vesting certain undivided Moieties of several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Suf-. sex. Part of the settled Estates of Sir John,

Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of Torrf Elfton, late of Holbeach Marsh, in the County of Lincoln, Grazier, but now of Wisbeach Saint Peter's, in th® Isle of Ely, in the County, of Cambridge, Merchant, and Elizabeth his Wife, situate at Gonnerby, Manthorpe, and Allington, in the said County of Lincoln, in Trustees, in Trull, to convey the same to the Right honourable Brownlow Lord Brownlow, and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for exchanging Part of the Estates settled by the Will of Jacob Houblon, Esquire, for Part of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of his Son John Houblon, Esquire:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edward Seymour Baily, Esquire, and Phillis his Wife, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies thence arising in Discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue,. under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen " Anne, intituled, "An Act for augmenting the Number of Canons Residentiary in the Cathedral Church " of Lichfield, and for improving the Deanry and Prebends of the said Cathedral," and to make further Provision for the Canons Residentiary in the said Cathedral Church, and an Addition to the Fabrick Fund thereof:

An

An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Copyhold of Kirkby Estates, devised by the Will of the late Arthurjones, of York:

Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Not ting- . An Act w

ham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the ton, Esquire, with Grate his now Wife, and

Cities and Liberties of London and WeJlmihJler, in to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes Trustees, to be sold', and for laying out the Monies to therein mentioned:

arise by such Sale, together with the Sum of Fifty- . An Act for dissolving the Marriage of the Honoura-

three thousand Three hundred and Thirty-three Pounds ble and Reverend 'Thomas James Twijleton with Charlotte

Three Shillings and pour Pence, Three Pounds per Anne Frances, his now Wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances

Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, Handing in the Wattell, and for enabling him to marry again, and for

Name of the Accountant General of the High Court other Purposes therein mentioned:

of Chancery, on Trust, in a certain Cause in the said An Act for dissolving the Marriage of James Wood-

Court, Macitamara against Tones, being the clear mason, Esquire, with Mary Magdelain, his now Wife,

Kefidue of the Personal Estate. of the said Testator, late Mary Magdelain Gaville, and for enabling him Arthur Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and He- to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men-reditaments to be settled to the same Uses, and for tioned:.

enabling the said Trustees to grant Leases of the Estates An Act for naturalizing Fredrick Rhsin-

so to be purchased, and also to cut Timber growing wald:

thereupon, subject to Restrictions: An Act for naturalizing Emily de Vifne, an Infant:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and An Act for naturalizing John Brock.

Commonable Pasture and Turbary Landsj and for ex- .

Changing, allotting; and fencing, the Open arid Com- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Caddington inonable Arable Lands, and for Hinting and regulating the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- ° " the Hocking and depasturing certain Droves, in the mon Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Watte Village or Hamlet of Catcott, within the Parish of Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Moorlinch, in the County of Somerset: Bedford and Hertford, was committed; That the Com-An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open mittee had examined, and found that the Standing knd Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, and other Commonable Lands land Grounds, in the had been complied with; and that the Committee had Parish of Sandy, in the County of 'Bedford': examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open arid same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- giveri their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of tures. Commonable L nds, and Waste Grounds, in the the Committee, and had also given their Consent to Parish of fVilbarston, in the County of Northampton: the changing one of the Commissioners therein named

'An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the (except the Owners of Estates, afletted to the Land Common; or Parcel of Vv'afte Land, called Bleathwood Tax at £.37. 3-f. 11 who have not signed the Bill,

Common, within the Parish of Little Hereford, in the and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed,

County of Hereford': is afletted at £.272. os. 8 and that no Person

' An Act For dividing and inclosing a certain Common appeared before the Committee tp oppose the Bill);-hnd Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; of Sicklinghall with Woodhall, in the Parish of Kirkby and made several Amendments thereunto, which they 'Overblow, in the West Riding of the County of had directed him to report to the House; and he read York: the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Common Arable Fields Common Downs, Common Where the Report was read.

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Places, withiq the Parish of Shreivton, in the County Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

o limits:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords Day appolm-Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the dering CLords monable Lands, within the Parish of Weston Turville, Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Mili- Amendment *

in the County of Buckingham: tia, and for making other Provisions concerning the

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and im- Militia Forces of this Kingdom, be taken into Con-proving, a Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called sideration upon Wedesday Morning next.

Tzveedmouthand Spittle Common, and all other the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Chapelry of Ordered, That the- Amendments made by the Lords Day appoint Tweedmouth, and County- of Durham, and for extin- to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trial of ri LOTd *

guishing the Right of Common upon certain ancient Causes, Indictments,. and other Proceedings, which Amendment Infield Lands, within the said Chapelry: arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns ® ®£l ®ere *

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Corporate within this Kingdom, be taken into Con- Trial of several Commons and Waste Lauds lying within the sideration upon Wednesday Morning next. Cause , See.

Manor and Parish of Birmingham, in the County of

Warwick: ' A Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands and Outwtll, and

An Act for allotting and dividing the Open and Fen Grounds, lying in the Parishes of Stow-

Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Bardolph, Wimbotsham, and Downham, in the County Drainage Bill; Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Harjion and of Norfolk, was read a Second Time. committed.

Hauxton, and certain Open and Common Fields, Com- ReJ'o/ved, That-the Bill be committed to Sir Martin monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying in certain Browne Folkes, Mr. Pitt, See.: And they are to Fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Peffills meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Field, and Part of a certain Moor called Little Shelford Speaker's Chamber.

Moor, within Harjion and Hauxton aforesaid, and the

Parishes of Little Shelford and Newton, some or one of The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lord them, all in the County of Cambridge: Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Amendment *

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Bill, agreed»o. Manor and Township of Kirkby Overblow, in the Parish Lordlliips, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Ter-Vol. 53. ritorics.

Overblow, in the West Riding of the County: to difiolve the Marriage of Samuel Boddiny-

6$2 26° Man. 1798.

ritories, of Beverley, Saint John of,

Sand holme 1 Stork hill, MoUJcroft, Arram, Scarbrough, Lockington, Ayke,

JVatton, Hutton-Cranfziick, Rolfea, Skerne,

Brigham, Fiftiho!me,'Nafferton, Loivthorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, Foston, Burton-Agues, Granfmoor, Lijjet,

Ulram otherwise Owram, Dringhoe, Bedford,

North Frodingham, Brandos-Burton, Moor-'Town, Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme,. Goodhill House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 52. I.15. Leave out from " Goods''to " And," in Press 53, Line 25, and insert Claul'e (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enabled, That " in case any Lands to be used for " the Purposes of this Act shall " happen to be in Mortgage to " any Person or Persons, it shall " be lawful for the Commissioners for the said intended Drainage, upon Application being " made to them by ea'ch Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or " their Executors or Adrniniitrators, and the said Commission-".ers are hereby authorized and " required to pay such Sum or " Sums of Money, after the same " thall have been lo agreed for and adjusted or allelied in iVianner aforesaid, for such Lands in " Mortgage, in Part of the Principal Money that shall be due " upon such Mortgage or AJurtgages, unto such Mortgagee or " Mortgagees, his, her, or their , ' Executors or Administrators:

" Provided always, that upon Receipt of such Sum or Sums, such j; . ' " Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his,

" her, or their Executors or Ad-, " ministrators respectively, shall " acknowledge the Receipt of such Sum or Sums of Money,

" by an indorsement to be made " upon the Back of such Mortgage or Mortgages, and signed "by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Exe-' " cutors or Administrators re-

" speAively, in the Presence of " One or more credible Witnesss " or Witnesses, in Satisfaction of " so much of the Principal' Money due upon such Mortgage or " Mortgages."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Air. do carry' the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lottery Bill, Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, pretented. a gjtj for granting |]is Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the Kirit Time.

ReftIved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wedn-fday Moxriing next.

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. Long be added to the Gentlemen,

MifidaPay m w ° are aPP°'ntcc to PrePare> and bring in, a Bill upon Bill. the First of the Resolutions which, upon Turf day last,

were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, Militia Pay a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing Bill, pre-of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- fcnte" land, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Dayrof March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Setond Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Houserefolw House this Day, adjourn till Morning wednelaay!°

next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for billet-Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for authorizing the cfvairy"12 billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be passed, desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,- An Act for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, and for exempting, from the Payment of certain Duties, Persons providing Horles for the said Yeomanry Cavalry.

Ordered, rl lnt Mr. Long do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Air. Long, according to Order, reported from the Governors Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons aAing as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and tjien a Second Time, One by One; -and, upon the QuestiOti severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ‘Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ®£°tion for

j Bill to pi

Motion, made Yesterday, That Leave be given to vent the Ex-bring in a Bill to prevent the Exportation of base Coin portation of to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and Arne. "fe Co"1' rica.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Com- reported,

mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Exportation of base Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and America.

And Mr. Long moved the House accordingly'.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, prevent the Exportation of bale Coin to His Majesty's

Colonies

1

38 Geo. III.

16° M

633

Mr. Jeffery to tarry Ship Owners Bill to the Lords.

Committee on Sugar Bill.

Colonies in the West Indies and America: And that passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Mr Longand Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navi-lame. gable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or

near , in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Jeffery do carry to the Lords the York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, ingrossed Bill for the further Relief of Owners and at or near in the County of and also, a

Matters of Ships, and desire the Concurrence of their Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River

Lordships thereto.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend ari Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year

Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding; without any Amendment: And alfoj

The Lords have , agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Hen field and Brighthclm-stone Roads Bill.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the ' Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee! Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Powers, of an Act,' passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The May Pole, in the Town of Henfield, over Poynitigs Common, to the Town of

Brighthelmfone, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That High in the Parish of Albourne, and from thencej

Committee on Bill respecting the coining of Silver.

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. t

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next;

The other Order of the Day being read; .

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the fohole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled," An Act " to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of " this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain

for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Tzvineham, and from the Marie Pit near the Bottom of Saddlefcombe Hill, in the Parish of Nezvtimber, to the Marie f it fronting Broacl

Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Sussex, and also for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Tzvineham unto Herrings Clappers, in the Parish of Tzvineham, in the said County; without any Amendment: And. also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,' An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year

Doncaster Road Bill.

" or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and

tc ~ — -a... ~ j a. ~ ~ ~~: „ c 1________:_______r>_____ d 1 c__________________a i_ 1 ________

a certain Sum;" and to suspend the Silver.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

coining

of keeping in Repair the Road from Doncajicr to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bazvtry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, upon,

Lad gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- or over, certain Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Parish ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- of WJiipJ'nade, in the County of Bedford; and for en-

Whipsnade Inclosure Bill#

Lords lave agreed to

'Willoughby Hedge and Wincanton Roads Bill.

abling William Beckford, Esquire, the Owner of the said Woods or Wood Grounds, to inclose the fame; and for veiling a perpetual clear Yearly Rent Charge, to be issuing out of the same Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Compensation for such Right of Common; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence Stanford to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Roads Bill, the Term, and amend the Powers, of Three Acts,

Rcchdale and Burnley Road Bill.

Bill for amending Stainforth and Keadby Canal Act.

port, wheri the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday

Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

IVilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His of the Reign of King George the Second; and in the present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, County of , to the Town of Stamfordf in

and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid to thence to Milborne Port; and from Willoughby Hedge the Market Cross in the Tow'n of Bourn, in the said aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane, in Kilmington; County of Lincoln, and from the North End of Stam-and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Slier born Turnpike . ford Bridge to Scot gate, both in Stamford aforesaid; Cross Gate on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Spark- without any Amendment: And also, ford, in the County of Somerset, and also for altering, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lightcommunicating the rewith; without any Amendment: ing, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, and other

And also, public Passages and Places, within the Town of Win-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An canton, in the County of Somerset, and for removing Act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstruc-improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading tions therein; without any Amendment: And also, from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County; Act for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar upon without any Amendment: And also, Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Norman-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An cross to the South End of i all in

Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing certain VOL..53. 7 Y, Acts

Wansford Bridge and

Wincanton Paving Bill.

Alconbury Hill and Wansford Bridge, Roads BilK

Thurcnftrm Inclosure Bill, with Amendments,

Kensworth Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Swjthtand Inclosure Bill,

with an Amendment.

feuitton's Estate Bill, rqjorteii, and paired.

Paddington Inclosure Bill, re-committed.

Sftne Irtclo-sure Bill, passed.

£34 $6° — 30° Maii. 1798.

Acts relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,. all the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Thurcaflon, in the county of ; with some

Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting, with Powers to inclose, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Kensworth, in the county of ; with ioine

Amendments j to w'hich Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields,. Meadows, Pastures, arid Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Swithland, in the County of j with an Amend-

ment j to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And theri the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 30° die Mait;

Anno 38° Georgii III,n Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the , intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Guitton, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties jrancerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit-'tee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe, of Abingdon, do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Commutes of the whole House, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House; being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill i

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Pjyilh of Stone, in the County

M

of Stafford, called Stone Field, and The Sandpits, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the parish of in the County of

Stafford, called Stone field, and The Sandpits.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Estates, deviled by the Will of Sir John Mordaunt, deceased, in the Right honourable Charles Henry Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth, in lieu of other Estates settled to the Uses of the said W ill, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bald~ win, Mr. John Smyth, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting, with Powers to inclose, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Kensworth, in the County of Hertford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. 9. After " K" insert " or held

" in right of any Church or Chapci."

1. 11. After " " insert "and the

" Patron or Patrons of the said " Vicarage, Church, or Chapel."

1. 13. Leave out "his Hand" and insert " their Hands and Seals."

Rr. 69. 1. 20. Leave out " Rectory" and insert " Vicarage or Chapelry respectively."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second, Time, veere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An A<fl to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;'

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and areas followed!; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 1 a. Leave out from " Tyne" to "Provided," in Line 1 c of the same Press.

1. 22. After " Brijtor insert " or the City " or County of the City of " Chester." ,

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Mainivaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a new Sewer upon Little Tower Hill, within the County of -

sex, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Robert- Tyler, Alexander Goudge, and Thomas

Executors

Lord PeterbiM rough's Estate. Bill, committed.

Lords.

Amendment to Kenfwortft Inclosure Bill agreed to.

Lords

Amendments to Bill to regulate tli® Trial of Causes, &c agreed t< *

Tower HilL Sewer Bill, rC ported.

Bill to amend Act for making Bread in London, Scc. passed *

Bill to prevent Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals in London, passed *

38 Geo. III. 30° Mail. 635

Executors of Thomas Hodgkins, of Southwark, deceased, thereof, and between Tower Dock , and Limehouse Hole,

was referred; That the Committee had considered the in the County of Middlesex.

laid Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the -Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that all the Money raised by the Bill, shall be applied to the immediate Purposes of it.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

An ingross'ed Bill for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend, and render more effectu l, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and " Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold " in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and " within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within " Ten Miles of The' Royal was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend,

" and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtyfirst Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due " making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and " Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same " relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold " in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof,

" and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within " Ten Miles of The Royal E

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingross'ed Bill for further continuing, for a Time , to be limited, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lime-'house Hole, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 31. After " said" to insert " first-mentioned."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of , and the Liberties

Voe.53.

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence *

An ingross'ed Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, Temple Bar the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year Bdi7pafftd.nt of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into " the City of London near Temple Bar; for making a " more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill;

" and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, *

" a Sum of Money for those Purposes," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for widening and improving the Entrance into the " City of London near Temple Bar-, for making a'more " commodious Street or PaU'.igc at Snotv Hill; and for " railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum " of Money for those Purposes."

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Henry Rose reported from the Committee, 0 hnr".,] to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty- reported,' i sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River It chin, at or near Nortjiam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a'

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

An ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An starkie's Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon the settled fol iirtccL Estates of Le Gendre Pierce Starkie, Esquire, and applying the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and allowing Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of 'Years, to be made of Part of such settled Estates, for the Purpose of Building, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Blackbume, of Lancashire,' &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1

An ingross'ed Bill for more effectually widening, re- Crofsford pairing, and amending, the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and to the Road Bill,

Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 22. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " and, " in Line 24, and insert " without the further " Aid of Parliament" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually widening, repairing,

and

6$6 $o° Mail:A. 1798.

ajid amending, the Road from Bridge, through '

the Townships of Stretford and to the Town

of Mancliefer, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

sir Robert Mr. William Joseph Denifun reported from the Com-L-l,y;s F-f- mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in-ported, and" tituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates pallid., of Sir Robert Lazvley, Baronet, in the Counties of Staf-

ford and Warwick, in Trustees,'and their Heirs, in Trust, for the said Sir Robert to be sold, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Salop, of greater Value, in lieu 'thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he deliver- . cd the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Timd.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. William Joseph do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment-

Tetbury and An ihgrofl'ed Bill for mofe effectually repairing, w!- Malmesbury, dening, and improving, the Road from Tetbury, in the Bin, parted. County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road from Farringdon to , from thence to

Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at lion and also from Sherfone, to the Turnpike Road leading, from Tetbury to Bath, and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving, several other Roads communicating the rewith, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 41. 1. 24. After " do" to insert " any Thing . " hereinbefore contained to the " contrary notwithstanding."

Pr. 49. 1. 38. To leave out from " and" to " in," in Press 50, Line 2.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questioti severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to the Church-

way in Lower Stanton Field, in the County of Wilts, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jackament's Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at Afion and

also from Sherfone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath, and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving, several other Roads communicating the rewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Ef court do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

twaffhamBui- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, lure draining, and laying in Severalty, the Common and

passed. ' Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Swaffham Bul, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that. the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons,.

Heaths, -and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Swaffham Bulbeck, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill for mak-empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in set- anceintfae ting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on Ac- Assizeof count of the additional Duty on Salt: And that Mr.

Wi/berforce Bird, Mr. Alderman Combe, and Mr. Hob- ordered. house, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants.of London trading to Petitions from Africa, whose Names are there-undersigned: And also, "do and *

A Petition of the Merchants of Liverpool trading to Liverpool, Africa, whose Names are there-undersigned, RdUo limit

Were severally presented to the House, and read; the trading Setting forth. That the Petitioners, with in- lor slaves, finite Concern, observe a Bill now depending be- fore the House, to prohibit the Trade carried on for Slaves in Brit if 1 Vessels on the Northern District of Africa, comprehending the Coast from the River Gambia to Cape Palmas, which is an Extent of more than 1,000 Miles, being about One-third of the Whole of the trading Part of the Coast; and that the Petitioners harve been in the Practice of trading to that Part of the Coast, which they have hitherto considered as free and open to them as every other Place of Trade in Africa; and that the Abolition of the Slave Trade in British Vessels, on that Part of the Coast of Africa, will not only materially injure the Petitioners, but will give a complete?

' Monopoly of the Whole to Foreigners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may receive such Protection and Support as to the House may seem meet. *

A Petition of John Hodgson and Thomas Hodgson, of Petition of Liverpool, Merchants, on Behalf of themselves, and fonfagabdk2' others concerned with them, was also presented to the D» Bill. House, and read j likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been in the Practice of trading largely on that Part of the Coast, and have a very valuable Factory on the lfles de Los, which is within the said District, and a great many Gnemetas, or Black Servants, and Slaves, attached thereunto, and also Debts owing to them within the said District to the Amount of Three Hundred Slaves and upwards, all which will be loft, or rendered of no Value, if the Bill passes into a Law: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law without adequate Compensation being made to the Petitioners.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for im-encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain ordered, called Scotland: And that Mr. William Dundas and Mr.

Tail do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Estimate, && Command, presented:

Estimate of . the Expence of erecting a Pier on the Pier at Sutton East Side of Sutton Pool, in a Line with the one already Po01, erected on the West Side, for- the protecting and better

securing

Sums awarded to be paid under American Treaty.

» , t

38 Geo. III.

30 Matt.

37

securing the Town of Plymouth, and the Shipping lay And the Titles of the Cud Estimate and Account

ing in the said Pool: And also, were read.

An Account of the Sums which the Commissioners, The said Estimate, and Account, are, as followeth j under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, have viz. awarded to be paid by the Britishi Government, and the Expences attending the said Commission, to the

5th July 1798. __ . ________

2jft May 1798.

t , '

ESTIMATE of the Expence of erecting a Pier on the Eaff Side of Sutton Pool, in a Line with the one already erected on the West Side, for the protecting and better securing the Town of Plymouth, and the Shipping laying in the said Pool. _ .

EXCAVATION for FOUNDATION:

818 Yards of Rock to be excavated and removed -

' ... MASON:

15,416 Feet Cube of Moorstone in South Face, West End, and return to 7 > the;Northward - - --- - - -3

182! Rods Cube of Rubble Work in Mortar in Wall behind D®, and in? North Side of Pier and Cross Walls - - -J

3,860 Feet superheial" of Scabling, on Face of Limestone Ashlars, on?

North Face of the Pier - - - 3

4,444 Yards Cube of Rock and Rubbish to fill in interior Part or Core 7 of Pier - -j

I,in Yards superficial of Pitcher Pavement on Top of Pier -

: V

CARPENTER:

1,7 78 Feet Cube of Oak in Tenders, and Ties and Cappings to D 542 Feet D® of Fir in Land Ties to Cross Walls - . -, ' -

' ' t SMITH:

60 Cwt. of Iron in Cramps, Collars, Bolts, &c.

PLUMBER:

90 Cwt. of Fig Lead for running Cramps -

To complete the Pier on the West Side of the Pool

' C A

at 1 s. 6d. per Yard 61 7 —

at zs. per Foot - 1,541 12 —

-at 8ctj. per Rod - 729

-at 6d. per Foot - 96 io —

at 9 d.per Yard - 166 13 —

at 9 d.D 41 13 3

at 3J. per Foot - 266 14 —

at zs. D - - V \ 54 4 —

at 46s. 8d. per Cwt. 140 — —

at 20 s.D - - . 90

3,187 H 3

200

£ 3>387 3 3

Plymouth, 2ld May 1798.

Approved of by us *

Peter ‘Tonkin, Major -\jf ® 1 Alex' Mercer, Major Gen1 v" -§ -

Com R 1 Eng *

And. Lau.

Fra1 Glanvillei

mil. EJford,

Henry Gillelt, Surveyor.

S- *

|5

it

\ X o

'JIM

a,

Vol. 53.

7Z . Aaf

30° Matt. 179 .

' ' t , /

An ACCOUNT of the Sums which the Commissioners, under the 7 th Article of die America Treaty; have awarded to be paid by the British Government, and the Expencet attending the said Commission, to the 5th July 1798.

SHIPS NAMES. MASTERS NAMES. SUMS Awarded.

Little, Sarah - A - Howe m £. s. d. M13 lS 7

Confederacy — Gpodrich ., - m - m m 5,630 13 13

Ann, ill Meiri' 1 - - Black i > ' m m J 3,062 16 ii

D° zd Mem1. W ' - £) L 4 m - 1,012 13 10

Mary 4 at Hughes - - 4 1,854 19 6

Pomona Barnard - m - 1V298 9

Rerfey - - V m Fletcher - - m m 578 6‘it

Qamilla - m: /J IrwitT ' J' ' 1 3,129 15 ti

General Wash + m - Price -: a .: r. 189 ii io£

Patty - m m - Wickham - - m m - - 2,063 l9 8

Columbia - Kilby - - 1,685 x9 *

Margaret - - Mc Leilan ,- m -- - - 3,521 11

Catharine % i m ‘ - McCullom - p: - 1.37S 3 4

Si. John - _ . P . Rues ~ - m - 240 18.10

Adventure - , - Hall ' ' - m - 2,252 9 9

Light Horfo - - - - , Townfehd.; m - - , m 555: — 11

jP-jfing Sun W A m Olney - d m m - 1,584 16 7

Flora ' \ > Williams - ' m - 365 — 5

0 Total Amoi ant of the Sums awarded i < . ! . 1 . \: m m - T 34,51616 it

Moiety of the Expences attending the Commission, calculated to the 5th Day of July 1798, dire ed by the Treaty to be paid jointly by the two Countries, including the

...Salary f thp-Fifth Comnhffioner at ,£1,560 per Annum - -

-Sal|rie of the Britishi Commissioners, for One Year, to the 5th 79 ^:

Sum necessary for current Contingent Expences - - - - 1,089 5 10

: £. I -38,51 2§

Francis Moore, . v.-.

Secretary to the Commissioners under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty.

J 910 14 a

i ' v i,000 — - —

Ordered, That the said Estimate, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Miners Bill, Mr. Huskijfonpresented to the House, according to

presented. Order, a Bill for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That" the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.,

Bin resp«a- Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Vf of Vilver omrnittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to reported.'tr' revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign " Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to re-\ " strain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum,"

and to suspend the coining of Silver, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to ' 3

the Bill, and which they had dirtftfed' him to report to the House; and heTead the Report in his Place' and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put-thereupon, were agreed to by the House....

A Clause was offered to be added to' the Bill, That Persons having sent Silver to the Mint to be coined,

shall receive the Value thereof according to the Regulations of the Mint.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- Dmi# ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties on Hats.

The

Order for tonfidering Special Report from Committee of Finance, (Uncharged.

Committee on Report of Mr. Cleghom's Ftmien.

Bill for male-i«g-the Land' Tax perpetual, read the Thtri Time.

3$ Geo. III. 30° Mali. 630

The Order of the Day being read, for taking intq further Consideration the Special Report which, upon the iift Day of this Instant May, was made from the Select Committee appointed further to examine and state the total Amount of the Public Debts and for other the Purposes there mentioned;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which w;as made from, the Committee, to whom the Petition of David Cleghorn, Brewer, in Edinburgh, for himself and the other Brewers of the City erf Edinburgh, and its Environs, was referred, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner thereto stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the ejth Day of March 1798, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A M°pon was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

‘ To leave out the Word "now" and; at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three

Months."

Arid the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question; _

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fcr 1 Yeas, 'Si-

Tellers for the Noes, } 33-

So k was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put i

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring, that if the A shall be altered or repealed before the 25th of March riext, any Person may re-purchase any Land Tax sold by virtue thereof} and that Bargains made for Sale of such Tax shall be deemed null and void on the Part of the Public.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.:

The Yeas went forth. ,-y

Tdte forth. Teas, £££, }«.

TeUers forth. Noes, j J»«-

So it passed in the Negative.

_ Another-ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to th6 Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring, that if Offers for Purchase of Land Tax, to a certain Amount, are not made to the Commissioners within a Time to be limited, then this Act shall cease and be it an End.

Vox.. 53.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring, that in case of any additional Land Tax, the Proprietor of the Lands may deduct a Proportion out of Payments to be made on Account of the present Land Tax.

And the said Clause was read the Firil Time.

And the Question being proposed. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being, proposed, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next;.

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And the said Clause was also, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That Persons not having an absolute Interest in Laqds, shall not raise more than a certain Sum, without Application to the Court of Chancery.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank. And it being proposed to fill the said Blank, with the Words "One Thousand Pounds;"

And the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with those Words,

The House divided.

.The Yeas went forth.

SMr. Solicitor General, 1

Sir Mattheiso White Rid- [-29.

ley: J

rj. «i c ., XT (Mr. Hawkins Browne, 7 _ Tellers for the Noes, Sargent: j

So it passed in the Negative.

__ Then the said Blank was filled up with the Words " Two Thousand Pounds."

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUers for, he Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j jg: } 4>-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling Persons charged With Land Tax to a limited Amount, to appoint a Common Trustee, to negociate the Purchase of the Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled' up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question pdt thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling the Common Trustee to assign the Proportions of the Land Tax to each Proprietor.

And the said Clause was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to ' the Bill, by Way of Ryder, being a Schedule, containing the Form of the Alignment of Land Tax by a Trustee.

And the said Clause was Thrice read j and, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Ordered, That the- further Proceeding upon the Thifd Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

3o® — 3 i° Mali. A, 1798.

'fciii formak- Mr. Wilberforce Bird prefer) ted to the House, ac-

nce !»°he cording to Order, a Bill to empower Magistrates and

Assize of Justices of the Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread, to

Du on' ai' ma e an Allowance on Account of the additional Duty presented on Salt: And the same was received;' and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to Pre- - Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Vortat!on f ®r er> a Bill to prevent the Exportation of base Coin aie Coin, to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and Afne-presented. r/Vtt; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The Order of . the Day being read, for the House to portTof hiV resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Sertion, defer- confides further of the several Reports which, in the red last Session of Parliament, Were made from the Select

Committee, who Were appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure;

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 13th Day of next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Biiirefpctfing A Bill to allow further Time for the Payment of the citrkiWpTto Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solici-Attornies, tors and Attornies in the Courts of England, and for

committed. the Inrolment of such Indentures in certain Cafes, was,

according to Order, read a Second Time.

Reji/ved, That the Bill be committed. /

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, upon the said Bill.

Bill for Pay- The Order of the Day being read, for the Third ment of Ex- Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to empower cer-.Cafcs'ofMif- tain Courts to order the Expences, attending Pro-demeanor , fecutions for Misdemeanors, to be paid out of the defeaed. County Stock J

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next.

upon the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits;

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Marking, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, tcr~be raised by a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-: ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Mo tion, it being after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, which have been issued on the Credit of the Crowing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797 *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills ififued in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum " of - Money by Loans or Exchequer Buis, for the Service of the Year One thousami Seven hundred and Ninety-seven."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an. Account of the Amount of the Sum wanting to make good the Sum of Two Millions, charged by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797.

And- then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Spices Duties Bill, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Mi'ans, deferred.

The Order df vthe Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House," upon the Bill for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon; '

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.- ' /'

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve into la Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

y>

'ovis, 31 die Maii;

Anno 38° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. Osborn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertfwas re-committed;. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amende ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be, ingrafted.

Fill to limit The Order of the Day being read, for the House to An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the forshvf e- resolve ‘tself into a Committee of the whole House, Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' fcriiil.' - for

Consideration of Lords Amendment to Militif. Regulation Bill, deferred. '

Lottery Bill, committed *

Accounts ordered: Exchequer BiHs.

Consolidated

FiuuL

Caddingtatt Inclosure recommitted Bill, reported *

Northern Bridge Bil passed.

MaTmefijury Paving Bill, passed.

Edinburgh Twopennies Scots Bill, transmitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Report from Committee on Report of Mr. Cleg-horn's Petition.

Infcra&ion.

38 Geo. III. lx Mali. . 641

for building a Bridge over the River It chin at or near Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southamptonwas read the Third ' Tiifie.

Resolved,.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a " Bridge over the River It chin, at or near " within the Liberties of the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton, and for making a Road from " the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence to " communicate with the Road leading from End " to Botley, in the County of ."

Ordered, That Mr. George Henry Rose do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

- An ingrossed Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other public Railages and Places, within the Borough of Malmcsbury, in the County of and the Avenues

leading into the fame, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the fame, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Eflcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act, is re-committed, be discharged from proceeding upon the said BiH.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of David Cleghorn, Brewer, in Edinburgh, for himself and the other Brewers of the City of Edinburgh, and its Environs, was referred.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury be authorized to apply, out of the Revenues of Excise ifi Scotland, the Annual Sum of Four thousand Four hundred Pounds, to be applied to the several Purposes for which the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, brought into, tapped, and fold, within the City of Edinburgh, and Liberties thereof, has been granted and continued.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging Vot. 53.

the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known, and for regulating the printing and Publication of such Papers in other Respects;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more effectually to prevent Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or other Countries not in Amity with His Majesty, during the War, and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies: And that Mr. Attorney General, the Matter of the Rolls, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ' .

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall bek then ingrossed.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or other Countries not in Amity with His Majesty, during the War, and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of 'Thomas Hanks, Alderman, Thomas Gar-

lick, Henry Hanks, Stephen Matlhezvs, James Bond, William Brind, Nicholas Sargent, John Baynham, John lick, and James Tanner, Capital Burgesses of the Bo-

8 A rough

Bill for regulating Newspapers, &c, del erred.

Bill to prevent Persons repairing to France, ordered.

Militia Subalterns Bill, presented.

Sugar Bill, reported.

Bill to prevent Persons repairing to France, Scc. presented.

Petition to

defend the Right of Election for Malmesbury.

t

6\2 3 i° Maii. d. 1798.

rough of A la/mejbtny, in the County of Wilts, on Behalf of them (elves and others. Capital Burgesses of the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That a Select Committee of this House, appointed to tiy and determine the Merits of a certain Petition presented by Fafar,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of M did, on the 10th Day of May 1797, report to the House, that, it having appeared to the said Committee that the Merits of the said Petition did wholly depend upon the Right of Election in the said Borough, the Counsel for the l'everal Parties had been required by the said Committee to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended, and such Statements having been accordingly delivered in, as well#on the Part of the Petitioner as of the Sitting Member, the said Committee had determined, that the Right of Election, as set forth in the Statement delivered in on the Part of the Sitting Member, is' the Right of Election for the said Borough, and is as follows; that is to say, " That the Right of Election of Burgesses " to serve in Parliament for the Borough of " bury, in the County of Wis in the Alderman " and Twelve Capital Burgesses of the said Borough only and that a Petition has lately been presented to the House, by certain Persons (tiling themselves Burgesses of the said Borough of Rating,

that they had been advised, that the Right of Election, so determined by the said Committee, and reported as aforesaid on the 10th Day of 1797, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough; and praying, that they may be admitted as Parties to of-pose the Right of Election so determined and reported as aforesaid; and that the Petitioners, on the contrary, being advised that the aforesaid Right of Election, so determined and reported, is the true Right of Election for the said Borough, and that the same ought to be established, pray to be admitted by the House as Parties to defend the fame, in case it shall be deemed expedient to refer the said Petition to a Select Committee: But the Petitioners are advised further to Rate to the House, that it also appears by the Journals of the House, that, on the 7th Day of November 1796, a former Special Committee of the House, appointed to try and determine the Merits of several Petitions presented by James John Faffar, Esquire, and also by certain Persons Riling themselves the AfliRant Burgesses, Burgesses, Landholders, and other the Burgesses of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of complaining of an

undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to the House, that, it having appeared to the said Committee that the Merits of the said Petitions did in Part depend on the Right of Election, and the said Committee having thereupon required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended, and such Statements having been delivered in accordingly, as well on the Part of the Petitioners as of the Sitting Members, the said Committee had determined that the Right, as set forth in the Statement delivered in on the Part of the Sitting Members, is the Right of Election for the said Borough of Malmesbury, and appears in the same Report to be as follows (that is to say) " that the " Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament " for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of " Wilts, is in the Alderman and Twelve Capital Burgesses onlyand that, from the Date of the said last mentioned Report, so made to the House on the 7th Day of November 1796, until after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months, no Petition appears to have been presented by any Person or Persons whatsoever to the House, praying to be admitted as Parties to oppose

the Right of Election so determined and reported as aforesaid, nor does any such Petition appear to have been hitherto presented; wherefore the Petitioners are advised that, by virtue of the Statute in that same lately made and provided, the Judgment of the said Committee, as to the Right of Election for the said Borough of Malmesbury, io reported, as aforesaid, on the 7th Day of November 1796, is now, and long before the Time of presenting the Petition above-mentioned, whereby the Petitioners pray to be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election, so as aforesaid reported to the House on the 10th Day of May 1797, had become final'and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that the same cannot now, by Law, be in any Manner again called in question: And therefore praying, That the House will give such Relief in the Premises as to their Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 11 th Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, upon the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said. Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Malmesbury, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the salt! Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on Account of the additional Duty on Salt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

J

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-

fifth

Committee oa Lottery Bill-

Bin for making Allowance in the Assize of Bread, for the Duty on Salt, committed.

Militia Pay

Bill, committed.

Farther Con-Uderation of Report on Papers relating to Prison-rrs of War, inferred.

The Lords have agreed to

Chilton Trinity, Wemb-don, &c. Di-visionand Allotment Bill.

Bill for encouraging the nuking of Models, Bulls &c. with Amendments.

Bill for making the Land Tax perpetual, passed.

38 Geo. III. 310 Mali. 643

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which, upon the 9th Day of this lnstant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the several Papers, which were prei'ented to the House upon the 21st Day ot March last, by Nix. Whitehead, from the Transport Board, and by Mr. Stewart, from the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, respecting the Treatment of Prisoners of War, were referred, be- now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Commons or Moors, called Chilton Common, otherwise Wild Green, and Harp Common, and also for dividing, regulating, and improving, certain Common Fields or Grounds, called Chilton Moor and Pury Moor, all situate within the several Parishes of Chilton ‘Trinity, Wembdon, JDur/eigh, and Bridgwater, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Calls of Bulls, and other Things therein mentioned; with 1'ome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein Rated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding. An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That when the present Land Tax shall have been made perpetual, and the Proprietor of the Lands shall have purchased the fame, and an additional Land Tax shall hereafter be charged on such Lands, the Proprietor thereof may be allowed to deduct a Proportion out of the Payments to be made on Account of the present Land Tax.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Quctlion being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rr , r.l v VMr. Solicitor General, 7

Tellers for he Yeas, {The ^: j «»

Tellers for the Noes, j JJ|; . } 43-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Ciaule was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring, that Persons with particular Estates may apply to the Court of Chancery for Sale or Mortgage of Part thereof, who may determine the Matter in a summary Way.

Vol. 53.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. 1. 21. To leave out " Office" and insert - " Offices" instead thereof.

Pr. 8. 1. 4. After " Brit" to insert " in any " Matter relating to the Execution " of this Act."

1. 8. Alter " swear" to insert " or," and to leave out " or alledge."

Pr. 18.1. 7. After " Rent" to insert " Feu Duty."

1. 10. After "such" to insert " Rents, Feu " Duty."

Pr. 35.1. 37. To leave out " of the remaining " Part."

Pr. 46. 1. 6. To leave out " such" and insert " the" instead thereof.

1. 7. After "Motley" to insert "required for " the Redemption of such Land " Tax."

Pr. 54.1.18. To leave out from " Purpose" to the End of Press 55.

Pr. 63.1. 11. To leave out " Contraft or."

1. 18. After " Certificate" to insert " of " Contraft."

Pr. 71.I. 28. To leave out from "Revenues" to " by," in Line 29.

Pr. 74.I. 2. To leave out " Seals" and insert " Seal" instead thereof.

Pr.99.1. 8. To leave out from " by" to "under," in Line 9, and insert " the proper " Officer to be appointed for that " Purpose," instead thereof.

1. 11. To leave out from " such" to " to," in Line 12, and insert " Officer" instead thereof.

Pr. 108.I. 1. After " Copy" to insert " made under the Authority of this Act."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Press 117, Line 14, by leaving out from the Word " And" inclusive, to the Word "And," in Press 118, Line 1.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. f Mr. Burton, ' 7 \ Mr. Sargent: j 32-

f Sir Matthew White 1 1

Tellers for the Noes, -J Ridley, j I Mr. Annejley: J - 47.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 119. 1. 2. After "Aft" to insert " nor any " Assignment thereof."

Pr. 127. 1. LF")to leave out " the largest" and in-l insert " any" instead thereof.

Pr. 134. 1. 3. After " Lands" to insert " belonging to the Dutchy of Pr. 137. 1. 2.1 To leave out " and Receipt" and & > insert " of Contrafts" instead 3. j thereof.

1. 3. To leave out " given" and insert " made" instead thereof.

1. 5. To leave out from " " to

the End of the next Line.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And

Con f deration of Louis Amendments to Militia Regulation Bill, deferred.

London Pent ILII, deterred.

Miners Bill, committed.

Committee on Lie of Man Bill.

Bill for "Reaction of Provisionnl Cavalry, presented.

644 31 0 Maii. 1798.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Sir Henry Paulet Saint 1 I

Tellers for the Yeas, < John MildraJ ► 66.

t Mr. Charles J 1

Tellers for the Noes, C Sir John Sinclair, ] I Mr. Hrefem: j [u-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein flated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1798.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War, be now xead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Wand, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcate to receive the flame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional Force ot Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the Firffi Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning., ....

7

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to revive and continue, fora Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light " Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries " into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the " Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," and to luf-pend the coining of Silver, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prevent the Exportation of base Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 'to consider of the Duties on Hats, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow further Time for the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in the Courts of England, and for the Inrolment of l'uch Indentures in certain Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.-' Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingross'ed) for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted.

the

J

Bill respeiftmj the coining of Silver, read the Third Time.

Bill to prevent the Exportation of base Coin, committed.

Committee on Duties upon Hats.

Committee on Bill respectifi£ j Indentures ot Clerk linos to Anomies.

Spice? Dut'es Bill, deterred.

Governors Indemnity B:li, paiicrJ,

t

3 8 Geo. III.

310 Mail. — 10 Junii.

<H5

Mil for regu-fering the fejpping of liases, re-

ommitred.

cwnfulered.

Korthem

Lighthouse Bill, deferred *

Bill to limit flie trading for Slaves, deferred.

the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, be now read.

- And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pdfs: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the India islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in Vessels from the Coast of Afri, was committed.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; .

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That' they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, be read a Second Time upon ‘Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill *

Vcrrd't Eftale

Bill, m

acd.

without any Amendment: And he delivered the in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Air. John Pin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom Golden Far-the Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Road from The Golden Roads Bill, Farmer, near Bags hot, in the County of Surrey, to Hert- reported. ford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Baftngstoke and Odihaboth in the said

County of Southampton, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Southern Extremity of borough Lane, near Odiham aforesaid, over Northwnrn-borough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Parishes of Rotherwicke, and

'Heckfeld, to a Place called The Bull Inn, in the Parish of Swallozvfteld, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to stoke aforesaid, was committed'; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire (fled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Veneris, i° die yunii;

Anno 38° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, tawhom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir Edward Lloyd, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true.; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, - Vol. 53.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of Queen, or Little Sedgmoor, in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glaand also certain Parcels of W;afte Lana in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint Benedict, in Glastonbury, all in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied wdth; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 36 Common Rights on Queen Sedgmoor, and 54 Common Rights on the other Waste Lands, and that the whole Number of Common Rights on Queen Sedgmoor are' 387, and on the other Waste

Lands 386; and that' no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wdth the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wrhere the Amendments were' Once read thoughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. 1

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the First Day of AugustOne thousand Eight hundred,

and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third

8 B Year

Glastonbury Inclosure Bill reported.

The Lords Inve agreed to the Amendments to their Amendment to the Bill re — speJting Aliens.

6+6

Junii.

Lords

Arrcndments to Th urea (ton Inclosuit: Bill, aortal to.

A. 1798;

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens " arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes."

And then the Messengers withdrew.

lords

Amendment to Swithland Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Tower Hill. Sewer Bill, passed.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Committee to Til

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Thurcaston, in the County of Leicester.

And the said followeth; viz. Pr. 3. 1. 11.

Amendments were read; and are as

Hujling" and inlert

Pr. 18. 1. 25. 1. 32.

Pr.

20.

Pr

3 *

1. 29.

1. 30.

Bill for im-

provingLaniis in Scotland, prefeitted.

Leave out

" Hujling'

After " Homeclofe" insert " and old " Inclosures,"

Leave out " Hujling" and insert

" Hujling

After " Orchard" insert " and old " Inclosures."

Leave out " belonging" and insert " adjoining."

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Poc/dn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Hoyfe hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable G rounds and Places, within the Parish of Imui, in the County of Leicester.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 48. 1. 7. After "Jurisdiction" insert M. and the " Patron of the Rectory."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Po(/dn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a new Sewer upon Little Tower Hill, within the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time,

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, empowering the Commissioners to repair the old Sewer, and the Part so repaired to be, deemed Part of the new Sewer.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a new Sewer upon Little Tower Hill, within the County of -

Jex.

On lered. That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the' Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committ e« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, two PciuL upon the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Scots£iJL Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. J

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Militia Suiut Reading of the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be now read. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That, the Order of the Day, for the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to revive and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the " Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from " Foreign Countries i/ito Great Britain or Ireland, and " to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," and to suspend the coining of Silver, be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 28. To leave out " January" and insert " June" instead thereof.

Pr. 2. 1. 19. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Line

' . ' . 3 -

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, delicet, on the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, intituled, "An Act " to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of " this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain " or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond " a certain Sum," and to suspend the coining of Silver. /

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

A Message

House refold to adjourn toTutf-dny.

Bill nefpe&Tii the colninf; uf Silver, pafltti.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for billeting Yeomanry Cavalry,

Account of Salaries and Emoluments of S tit Office, ordered.

Billrefpetting Indentures of Clerkships to Attornies, reported.

Iffe of Man Bill, reported.

Motion for Third Read- ' ing of Bill for Payment of Expences in Cafes of Mif-demeanors.

Royal Assent to Bills.

38 Geo. III. i° Junit. 647

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, and for exempting, from the Payment of certain Duties, Persons providing Horses for the said Yeomany Cavalry} without, any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Salaries and Emoluments of the Commissioners of Salt in England and Scotland', and the Officers employed under their Management.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to allow further Time for the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in the Courts of Englan, and for the Inrolment of such Indentures in certain Cafes, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed tp by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the ljle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally.put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be jread the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to empower certain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Mif-demeanors, to be paid out of the County Stock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; -

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time}

A Message by Sir Francis Mo/yneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Vol. 53.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned}

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned} and also empowering His Royal Higlmefs the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of His

Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills} and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Portland, and the Earl of Chesterfield, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth} viz.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cates

An Act to regulate the Trial of Causes,. Indictments, and other Proceedings, which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom:

An Act for authorizing the billeting such Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, and for exempting, from the Payment of certain Duties, Persons providing Horses for the said Yeomanry Cavalry:

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of canton, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstruc- . tions therein:

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent,

at or near Keadby, in the County of and also,

a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding:

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar upon Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Nor-

man-cross to the South End of Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing certain Acts relating' thereto:

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and amend the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforesaid, to the Market Cross in the Town of Bourn, in the said County of Lincoln, and from the North End of Stamford Bridge

£0 Scotgate, both in Stamford aforesaid:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the

tf48

Junii

A. 1798.

the Second, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in

the County of Hilts, and through Wine ant on to Charlton Honthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port; and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lam, in Kilmingtou-, and from Wincanton aforesaid

to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill-, and from Wincanton to Spark in the County of Somerset, and all'o for altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads communicating the rewith:

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the R.oad leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Pala- . tine of Lam after, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years,'and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Done after to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the said Act:

An Act for continuing, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, andfrorh thence to the Endof the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from The May Pole, in the Town of Henfield, o ve r Poynings Common, to the Town of stone, and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High Cross, in the Parish of Alboitrne, and from thence, for the Distance of Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham, and from the Marie Pit near the

Bottom of Saddlefcombe Hill, in the Parish of Newtimber, to the Marie Pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of and also for

repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham unto Herrings Clappers, in the Parish of ham, in the said County:

An Act for'veiling Part of the settled Estates of John

Guitton, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale (hereof, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Ul'es:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, in the Counties of Stafford and

Warwick, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, for the said Sir Robert Lawley, to be sold, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Salop, of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, upon, or over, certain Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Parish of Whipsnade, in the County of Bedford-, and for enabling William Bedford, Esquire, the Owner of

the said Woods or Wood Grounds, to inclose the fame; and for vesting a perpetual clear Yearly Rent Charge, to be ifilling out of the same Woods or Wood Grounds, in the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, to be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates, as a Compensation for such Right of Common:

'An Act for dividing and allotting certain Commons or Moors called Chilton Common otherwise Wild Marsh, Pu.ry Green, and Harp Common, and also for dividing, regulating, and improving, certain Common Fields or Grounds called Chilton Moor, and Pury Moor, all situate within the several Parishes or - Trinity,

IVembdon, Durleigh, and Bridgwater, in the County of

Somerfel:

An Act for dividing and allotting, with Powers to inclose, the Open and Common Fields, Common Paf-

tures. Commons, and Wufte Lands, within the Parish of Kensworth, in the County of Hertford.

And the Question being again proposed. That the Bill for jv. ingrossed Bill to empower certain Courts to order the

Expences attending Prosecutions, for Misdemeanors, to es

be paid out of the County Stock, be now read the demeanor . Third-Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."' .

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

25-

12.

Pr. 2. 1. 13.

1. 21.

Pr. 3.

I.

I.

1.

25-

26.

16. 7 '

hi

20.

on." Corporate, Li-

and

Tellers for the Yeas, Buxton:'

Tellers for the Noes, f "r- S'"W-

I Mr. Mamwanng:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 36. After " Assize" to insert "or Nisi " Prius."

After " Felony"' to insert " or of " any Misdemeanor in breaking " Prison, or in escaping from " Prison, or other Lawful Custody, or in refeuing any Prisoner convicted of, or charged " with, any Criminal Offence, or " in assisting any such Prisoner " to escape, or to attempt to " escape, or in furnishing any " Means to facilitate the Escape " of any such Prisoner."

After " Prosecutor" to insert " and " his Witnesses."

After " Prosecutor" to leave out " was" and insert " and such " Witnesses were" instead thereof.

To leave out "carrying To leave out " Town berty."

Afer " Prosecutor" to, insert " his Witnesses."

,1. 25. After " Prosecutor" to leave out " was" and insert " and such " Witnesses were" instead thereof.

1. 26. To leave out " carrying on."

1. 34.7 To leave out " Town Corporate, Li-

& 3.5-3 " be#y."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to empower certain Courts to order the Expences, attending Prosecutions for Misdemeanors, to *

be paid out of the County Stock.

Ordered, That Mr. Perceval do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account of

the Commissioners for the Salt Duties, attended at the pr timelu Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the of Sait office, House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the Yearly Amount of the Net Salaries and fixed Allowances paid to the different Officers

employed

38 Geo. III. r° Junii. 649

employed in the Salt Revenue; and also the Yearly Amount of the Emoluments received by them.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

London Port Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Sill, deferred. Reac]ing Gf the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of ,be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

BilTforTro011 The House, according to Order, resolved itself into testion of a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Trade. better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- port, when the House will picale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received,

teported. Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Com-

'mittee, the Amendments which the- Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Upon IVe Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall Be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Report on Mr. Ryder, according to Order, reported from the Duties upon Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties on Hats, the Refutation which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read ;. and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Rates and Duties now payable on Hats, shall be levied on all Hats, Caps, and Bonnets, of whatever Materials the same shall be made, except Caps or Bonnets made wholly of Wool, Cotton, or Linen, or of any Mixture with each other, and also except Hats of Chip or Straw, or Caps or Bonnets of every Description worn by Females.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rose, hh.Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to limit Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to for s ave" de rc °lve itself, into a Committee of the whole House, ferred. ' upon the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

still for trans- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

ManJfement re °'ve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Vol. 53.

upon the Bill for transferring the 'Management of the of the Salt Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excite, and for re- { ciie <?«- pealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allow- ferred.' ances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon;

t Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, B,]ltt°ll r "x upon the Bill to prevent the Exportation of bale Coin portation of to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and America, bale Coin, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;rwhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply, de-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-, errcd fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ttredneflay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole House, to Means, defer, consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to continue and amend an' Susni; Bill, Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His paU" present Majesty, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, was, according to Order, read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue. Until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend, an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Chapter One Hundred and Six, videlicet, on the Eighteenth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

Ordered, That Air'. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Air. Long do make the Report from Lottery Bill, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill rePorted for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Aloney, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed.

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One (by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

8 C The

Crwnmittee on Militia Pay BilL

Bill for Regulation of Proviso nal Caval-iy, committed.

Commit :ee on re-committed Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Golden Farmer and Bail ngstoke Raids Bill, passed.

650

50 7unii-

A. 1798-

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

A Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read.;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben repotted from the Committee, Thajt they had gone through the Bill, and made several' other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed Jhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 50 Junii;

Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Pray e rs.

AN ingossed Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Road from The Golden Farme, near in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Basingstoke

and Odiham, both in the said County of Southampton,

and for repairing and widening the Road from the Southern Extremity of North Lane, near Odiham aforesaid, over Northwar Common, Hook

Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Parishes of Rotherwicke, Mattingley, and Heckfield, to a Place called The Bull Inn, in the Parish of f on the Turnpike lload leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End -of the then next Session of Parliament, and rendering more effectual, several Acts

for repairing the Road from The Golden Farmer, neaf Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Basingstoke and Odiham, both in the said County of Southampton, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Southern Extremity of Northwarnborough , near Odiham aforesaid, over Northwarnborough Common 1 Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Parishes of Rotherwicke, Mattingley, and Heckfield, to a Place called The Bull Inn, in the Parish of Swallowfield, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of -ing, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the.

Bill to the Lords, and d?fire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Oxford Rradi ing the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one passed in Bill» the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton , and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Fox comb Hill , in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to The Oxford District: of the said Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top -of Hincksey Hill to Foxcomb Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far 1 as the same relate to The Oxford District of the said Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Edinburgh Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Twoftwue enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty- mitt BuT1 fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George reported, the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Northern' Reading of the Bill for incorporating the Commission- Bjfucom t-ers appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the ted. Northern Parts of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Secretary Dundas,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the '

Speaker's Chamber.

Sir

'by

38 Geo. III.

50 Junii.

65l

Outweii, and sir Martin Browne reported from the Com-

doiphf&c. mittee, to whom the Bill for draining and preferring Drainage Bill, certain Lands and Fen Grounds, lying in the Parishes of reported. Outwe/l, Stow-Bardolphand in

the County of Norfolk, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

- and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 49 Acres and 2 Roods, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land, intended to be drained by the said Bill, amounts 104,561 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

to' Bill foren- the Amendments made by the l ords to the Bill, in-touraging the tituled, An Act for encouraging the Art of making making new Models and Casts of Buds, and other Things fee.agreed to ihciejn mentioned4

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folluweth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 21. Leave out "Twenty-eight" and insert " Fourteen."

1, 36. Leave out " Twenty-eight" and insert " Fourteen."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questton severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildmay do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Whitbread's Mr. Tierney reported from the Committee, to whom poitedf with" the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Amendments, confirm the Renunciation and Release of James

Esquire, as one of the Devisees, in Trust, of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, deceased, and to give Powers of Sale and Exchange over the settled and devised Estates late of the said Samuel Whitbread, and Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the same Estates, and also Power of granting Building Leases of certain Parts thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 36. 1. 1. Leave out " him and them respectively."

Pr. 44. 1. ult. After " Middlesex " insert "or."

Pr. 47. 1. 23. After " Whitbread" insert " any or

" either of them."

Pr. 51. 1. 1. Leave out the Second "and."

Pr. 53. 1. 26. After " Eighty-eight" insert " and."

1. 31. After " Ninety-five" insert " under " and by virtue of the said Settlement. Will, and Codicil, or " either of them."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Vol. 53.

Committee oit Bill for making Allowance in the Assize of Bread, for the Duty on Salt.

Petition from Bakers of Portsmouth, See, relative to D».

Time, werC, upon the.Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on Account of the additional Duty on Sait, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Body of Bakers resident at the Towns of Portsea, Porlfmontk, and Places adjoining, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners feel themselves much injured and oppressed by the Ma-giftates not setting the Price of Bread agreeable to the Table of the 31st Geo. II. availing themselves under the Third Clause of the said Act, and making them (the Bakers) an Allowance of Profit by much too insufficient (on an Average only Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Sack of Flour) to enable them to live by their Trade, and thereby support themselves and Families; and that thfe Petitioners have been the more sensible of such Opprefiion of late Years, incon-sequence of Servants Wages, and every Article of Life, exclusive of the late heavy additional Duty on Salt, being so much advanced: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to afford them such Relief in the Premises as the Necessity of their same may be thought to require, by either amending or explaining the Act of the 31st Geo. II. and making the Table for the Assize of Bread therein contained the Standard for regulating the Prices, or to cause an additional Assize Table to be added, regulating the Price of Bread agreeable to the Price of Flour, in the same Manner as has lately been done for the City of London, thereby making such Allowance to the Trade of the Petitioners as may be thought just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the ftime.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known, and for regulating the printing and Publication of such Papers in other Respects.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Solicitor General accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with

5° fund.

1798.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk sTable: Where , the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon ThuMorning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill as amended by die Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Miners Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and , for the Defence of the

Kingdom during the present War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow . Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House stirin°r tiienS ° re '° ve 'tfcif into a Committee of he whole House, Sa?Duties to upon the Bill for transferring the Management of the the excite. Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

► . The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning ne$t.

Mr. Rcfe presented to the House, according to Order, Bill to extend a Bill to extend the Duties, now payable on Hats, to till Hats, Caps, and Bonnets, therein mentioned: And the rented, same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ortkred, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Lords have agreed to

Southern Whale Fishe-ties Bill.'

Bill to continue Act for Encouragement ot British Fi&erie.

Bill to amend

Airdfed Taxes Ad, Ordered.

tee.

Long Stow Inclosure Bill, with Amead-Aients.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this prefcilt Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for "Nthe Prosecution of the War," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Execution of the said Act:'And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Hobdo prepare,- and bring in, the lame.

petition ofttie The House was moved, That the Petition of the u Liver Mayar> Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town and Port of pool"referred Liverpool, in their General Corporate Capacity, and the to a commit- Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the said Town and Port, as Trustees of the Docks, and also of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish, which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of May lait, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the - Consideration ol a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. General

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Smith:

- . Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and " amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the British " Fisheries;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open aild Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Cambridge-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Militia Pay

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reP","‘ defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered she Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That-the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotl'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted,

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do make the Repost Re-commit-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the re' ntineW Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves shipping of in British Vessels from the Coast of -Africa, was re- Slaves> rt‘ committed. portClJ-

Mr. Gascoyne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and die read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Timp upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Pill to Pr... Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to 'i'5 Hf

prevent the Exportation of base Coin to His Majesty's bai?

Colonies HorUc:-

tattery Bill, passed.

BUlrespecting Indentures of Clerkships to Attornies, paHitL

Cold Wares Bill ordered.

Con side ration of Lords Amendments to Militia Regulation Bill, ieferred.

SniceS Duties Bill, deferred.

MiKtia Subalterns Bill, deferred.

38 Geo. III.

50 — 6° junii.

653

Colonies in the West Indies and , was committed,

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lot ter)', be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to allow further Time for the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in the Courts of England, and for the Inrolment of such Indentures in certain Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, TJiat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to allow, until the First Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, for Payment of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerk-ships to Solicitors and Attornies in the Courts of England, and for the Inrolment of such Indentures in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law: And that Mr.

Mr. Sargent, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the -Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon;

Refo/ved, That this Hqufe will, Tomorrow Morn- ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace;

Refo/ved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 53.

Isle of Man Bill deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Iste of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House B> for ReguT to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, visiondCavai'-upon the Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional Force ry, deferred, of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Junii;

Anno 38 Georgii III. U Regis, 1798.

Prayers,

MR. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to Lord Peterbo-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- rough's Estate tuled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain an Vpa&ST ' Estates, devised by the Will of Sir John de-

ceased, in the Right Honourable Charles Henry Earl of Peteiborough and Monmouth, in lieu of other Estates settled to the Uses of the said Will, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain Outwell, and Lands and Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Out- ph,8 ". well, Stow-Bardolph, Wimbotfham, and Downham, in the Drainage Bill, County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time. paired.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell, Stow-Bardolph, Wimbotfham, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lordi Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open i clofareBil" and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common agreed to Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Cambridge.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr.

Pr.

1.

1. 27.

1- 36.

Pr. 5-

After " is" insert " or claims to be." Leave out " also" and insert " for " any One of the said Commissioners or their Clerk."

1. 3.7 After " Commissioner" insert " or &4.J "Clerk."

8 D Pr. 38.

Caddmgton Inclosure Bill passed.

Starki s Estate Bill, reported, and paCVd.

54

6° Junii.

A. 1798.

Pr. 38. 1. 2. Leave out from " made" to " without," in Line 3, and insert " of " any Lands or Tenements held " in Right of any Church or " Chapel."

1. 4. Leave out " Ely" and insert " the " Diocese and the Patron of such " Church or Chapel."

1. 5. Leave out " his Hand" and insert " their Hands."

1. 6. Leave out " Seal" and insert " Seals," and in the same Line leave out from" Seal" to " And," in Line

37-

Pr. 65. 1. 33. Leave out from " Expences" to ' " Provided," in Press 66, Line 26.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the

Counties of Bedford and Her, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 30. After, "whereas" to insert " the moll " Honourable John Marquis of " Bute is Lord of the Hundred " of Fit which extends over " such'of the Waste Lands, hereby authorized to be inclosed, as " are situated in."

L34. To leave out from " " to

" And," in Line 38.

Pr. 41. 1. 5. To leave out " claim to the."

Pr. 42. 1. 6.7 To leave out " to avoid Litigation & 7.3 " and Dispute."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and

Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Blackhurne, of Lancash, reported from the

Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon the settled Estates of Le Gendre Esquire, and applying the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and allowing Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, to be made of Part of l'uch settled Estates, for the Purpol'e of Building, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackhurneof Lancashire, do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Glaltonbu ing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, ® ureB formerly Part of Queen, or Little Sedgmoor, in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glafor.buand also certain

Parcels of Waste Land in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint Benedict, in Glastonbury, all in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 18. 1. 10. After County" to insert " in pro *

" portion to the Number of Tenements each Person shall be " possessed of, or entitled unto."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of Queen, or Little Sedgmoor, in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glastonbury, and also certain Parcels of Waste Land in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint Benedibl, in Glastonbury, all in the County of So-merfet.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom Petition of the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Jjonf&c of the Town and Port of Liverpool, in their General Cor- Liverpool, re. porate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Portei and Common Council, of the said Town and Port, as Trustees of the Docks, and also of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishioners of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Blackjlock being examined, said. That from the critical Situation of the Nation at large, under the Apprehension of Danger from an inveterate Enemy, who threatens daily to invade our Coasts, and the particular Mischief and Injury to which the Town and Port of Liverpool, its Docks and Shipping, will be exposed, if they should become the Objects of Attack, it is necessary to rail'e such a Sum of Money, by a Rate upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, as to one Moiety, and a Voluntary Contribution from the Corporate Fund, and the distinct Fund of the Trustees of the Docks, as to the other Moiety, as may be deemed sufficient to enable them to provide suitable and adequate Floating Batteries, and other Works, with Gun Boats, to be stationed at the Mouth of the Harbour and upon, the Coast, in addition to the Military Force upon Land, under such Regulations as may be deemed proper, in order to refill and repel any Attack that may be made upon the Town and Port of Liverpool.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in their General Corporate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiff's, and Common Council of the said Town, as Trustees of the Docks there, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, to raise Money for the better and more effectual Defence and Security of the Town and Port of Liverpool, against the Invasion of the Enemy: And that Mr.

Gascoyne, General Tar let on, Mr. Blackhurne, of Lancashire, and Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Me flags

The Lords have agreed to

Armorial Bearings Bill.

Mavis Ender-by Inclosure Bill.

Alban's Ratds Bill.

Harrington Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed Thornton's Bftate Bill.

Lords

Amendments to Militia Regulation Bill, agreed to.

38 Geo. III.

6° Jun

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr,

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis Enderby, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Trustees, therein named, to raise Money by Rates or Assessments, within the Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford for the better and more effectually discharging Annuities, heretofore granted to certain Persons who have advanced Money towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Derby; with some Amendments} to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Deigh-ton and Thomas Thornton, Esquire, of Part of his Glebe

Lands, for other Lands there the Property of the said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently situated

for the said Rector, and his Successors} to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth} viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 3. ( Leave out <c aforesaid respectively" and insert " in that Part of Great . " Britain called '."

Leave out from " aforesaid" to and, " in Line 36 of the same Press.

Pr. 3. 1. 8. ~ Leave out from " notwithstanding" to " And," in Press 4, Line 10. After " Regiment" insert " Battalion or independant Company."

1. 16. After " Regiment" insert Battalion or independant Company."

1. 19. In the Interlineation, after " Appointment" insert " in the Militia."

I. 28. Leave out " said."

1. 30. After Majesty" insert " intituled, "An Act to amend and reduce " into one Act of Parliament, the " Laws relating to the Militia, in " that Part of Great Britain called " England." 1. 32. Leave out " entitled " and insert " competent."

VOL. 53.

1.

&.1

4-

9-

10.

8.

Pr. 4. 1. 12.

Pr. 4. 1. 38. After " Place" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A.) " Be it also, and it is hereby Enacted, That in all Cases where it " may be found necessary to appoint a Second Adjutant to any " Regiment of Militia, it shall be " lawful for the Lieutenant of the " County, Riding, or Place, to " grant to such Second Adjutant, " unless His Majesty shall disapprove the fame, the Rank of " Lieutenant by Brevet, or if he " shall have served in His Majesty's other Forces, any Rank " which he may have held therein, " not exceeding that of Captain " Lieutenant by Brevet also.

Pr. 5. 1. 10. Leave out " Twelfth" and insert Fifteenth."

1. iz. Leave out " " and insert

" May

Pr. 6. 1. 13. Leave out from " notwithstanding" to the End of the Bill.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purpol'es therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now" and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " uport Monday Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words upon " Monday Morning next" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, fb amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Simeon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Administration of Assets in Cafes where the Executor, to whom Probate has been granted, is out of the Realm: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill more effectually to prevent Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or other Countries not in Amity with His Majesty, during the War, and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cpm-. mittee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Edinburgh ' Two Pennie Scots Bill, d feiTcd.

Bill for Administ ration of AlTets, presentedL.

Bill to prevent Persons repairing to France, &rc. committed.

6$6 6° Jfuniu J. 1798.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

House, upon the said Bill. Sir Francis Baring took the Chair of the Committee.

Bill for Regu- Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. vWonn?CavaT ° ref° ve itself" into a Committee of the whole House, Sir Francis Baring reported from the Committee,

cy, deferred, upon the Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him last Session of Parliament, be now read. to report, when the House will please to receive the

And the said Order being read accordingly; fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- That the Report be received Tomorrow

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Morning.

Return of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a That there be laid before this House, art

an"unteer Return of the C°rps. of Yeomanry and Volunteer Account of the Quantities of British Plantation Sugar Cavalry, or- Cavalry accepted by His Majesty in Great Britain, d'lf- ancj stum imported into and exported from, Great dered. tinguishing those of each County prior to the ill of between the 5th Day of January 1797 and

January 1798, specifying their respective Establish- the 5th Day of January 1798; with the Amount of ments, and their effective Numbers, according to the the Duties received, also the Drawbacks and Bounties latell Returns, as far as the same can be ascertained. pajd thereon.

Report of Bill

for Protection of Trade, further conii-dereii.

Ml re-com-jnitted.

conildered.

Bill for making Allowance in the Assize of Bread, for the Duty on Salt, reported.

Committee on Spices Duties Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on v Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, was committed.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; .

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of -the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wallace reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received. Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rcfe, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in letting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on Account of the additional Duty on Salt, was committed,- the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and MaCe, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a' Bill for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm the Renunciation and Release of James Gordon, Esquire, as one of the Devisees in Trust of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, deceased, and to

give Powers of Sale and Exchange over the settled and devised Estates late of the said Samuel,

and Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the same Estates, and also Power of granting Building Leal'es of certain Parts thereof, was read the Third Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoynedo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame; with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution, for the " Prosecution of the WarAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-s ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence

Accotiii| of Sugar and Rum, ordered

Gold Waf BiH, presenteo.

Whitbread ! Ellate Bill, passed.

Bill to ame&4 Assessed Taxes Ad, presented.

Supply, de ferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Miners Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III.

6° — 70 Junli.

657

kill to extend the Duty on Hats, deier-Ted.

kill to prevent the Exportation of bale Coin, deterred.

Militia Subalterns Bill, deferred.

Isle of Man Kill, passed.

fence of the Kingdom during the present War, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to extend the Duties now payable on Hats, to all Hats, Caps, and Bonnets therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to prevent the Exportation of base Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and America;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Home, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cales, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The ingrafted Bill for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Matt, for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 5. After " fame" to insert " Provided „ " also, that Wine so imported

" may be carried Coastwise in the " said Island, in Vessels of the " Burthen of Fifty Tons and upwards."

And the said Amendment w'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill W'as amended at the Table accordingly.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 70 Junii\

and Frauds in the Packing,. Weight, and Sale of " Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating thereto;", without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An Act to amend, and render " more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of " Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, " and to punish Persons who Qiall adulterate Meal, " Flour, or Bread," so far as the same relates to the " Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City " of London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the " Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of " The Royal Exchange;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the ltcign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Aumeasurement of Coals. Ibid.by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Libert ies thereof, and between Tozver Dock and Hole, in the County of Middlesex-,without any Amendment: And

also, ‘

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, At) Act for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge " over the River Itchin, at or near Northam, within the " Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of " Southampton, and for making a Road from the said " Town to the said fridge, and from thence to com-<4fnunicate with the Road leading from West End to " Botley, in the County of Southampton ft' without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Carl Friedrich defter-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commohable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Veny, in the County of Wilts-, with an Amendment;' to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Melfetigers withdrew.

Bill to amend Act for making Bread in London, &c.

Bill to prevent Fraud in the Admeasurement of Couh in London.

Lancaster Scf-lions l;l

Northam Bridge Bill.

GieHer'a Nat. Bill.

Sutton Veny Division and Allotment Bill, with an Amendment.

Anno 38 ' Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

The Lords A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr.

have agreed» and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

Bill so amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Exoie Laws. Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coach-makers, Auctioneers, Beer and Cyder exported. Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, and Ale and Beer Licences; without any Amendment: And also.

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act relative Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, ltBuua;,kmS made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses Vol. 53.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom St. and the Bill for separating the Two Parishes, called The Out George, Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, ancf the Parish of (Gloucester)

George, in the County of Gloucester, as to the Mainte- iil nance of the Poor, and the Repairs of the Highways, of those Parishes, and as to all Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax, and for providing a Work- 1

house for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place'; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

8 E . Amendments,

v

Liverpool Def, i ce Bill, presented.

Thornton's Eibtc Bill, read.

LoMs

Apic ndments to Hart> n ron Inclosure Dill, agreed to.

(J58 f Jurith A. 1798.

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table! Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Gaftoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in their General Corporate Capacity,

and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the said Town, as Trustees of the Docks there, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, to raise Money for the better and more effectual Defence and Security of the Town and Port of Liverpool against the Invasion of the Enemy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timer

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Kirk Deighton and Thomas 'Thornton, Esquire, of Part of his Glebe Lands, for other Lands there the Property of the said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently

situated for the said Rector, and his Successors, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and ‘ inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2t. 1. ii. Leave out " Grange."

Pr. 34. 1. 25. Leave out " Lands" and insert " Lancs."

Pr. 35. 1. 14. After " Lands" insert " and all " other Lands belonging to the " Honourable Charles Finch, within the said Manor and Parish."

Pr. 39. 1. ult. After " Inclosures" insert" " (excepting any Modus or other " Payment in lieu of Tythes, " anting from the Estate of the " said Charles Finch.)"

Pr. 40. 1. 22. After " Parish" insert " (ejecepting of or from the said Lands " and Estate, called Stannage " Grange, and of or from any " other Lands, lying within the " said Manor and Parish, and belonging to the said Charles " Finch, and also excepting the ' " Tythe of the Lead Ore with-

" in the said Parish): Provided " always, that nothing in this "Aft contained shall extend, or " be construed to extend, to im-' - " peach or prejudice any Right

" or Claim of the said " Lygou or his Heirs, of or to " the Tythes arising from the " said Lands or Estate, called " stage Grange, or of or from the " Tythes arising from any other " Lands of the said Charles Finch, " lyingwithin the said Manor and " Parish of Hartington, or the " Allotment of Common to be " set out in right thereof respect

tiv'cly, 07 ahy Modus or other " Payment in respect of the fame;

" or the Right to the Tythe of " Lead Ore within the said Parish, but that such Rights or " Claims shall continue and remain as if this Act had not " been made.)"

Pr. 48. 1. 33. After " Lygon" insert " (excepting " any Right or Claim to the " Tythes of the said Lands or Estate called Stannage Grange, and " other Lands of the said Charles " Finch, or any Modus or other " Payment in lieu of the fame,

" and also excepting the Right "to the Tythe of Lead Ore.)"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to By the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Bill forregri-further Consideration the Report from the Committee la|infsI ,s of the whole House, to whom the Bi.ll for preventing deferred, the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known, and for regulating the printing and Pub-, lication of such Papers in other Respects, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning *

The Hotife was moved. That an Act, made in the Bin to exempt Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, dtles from intituled, "An Act for registering the Grants of Life Kegirtry, or Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants dered *

" against such Grants," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt Annuities granted upon the 31st Day of October 1776, or between that Day and the 20th Day previous to the 16th Day of May 1777, from the Operation of the said Act: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Grant, and M.

Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wallace, according to Order, reported from the Re-commit-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, Trade, re. and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs ported, on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third BUI to pre-Reading of the ingrossed Bill to prevent the Exporta- vent f!,e ration of base Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and America, be now read. pafltd.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Exportation of base Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and America.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

feiy appointed for conli-dering Lands Amendments to Bill to regulate certain Orfices in the Cnlloms.

Militia Pay Bill, palftcL

Spaces Duties Bill, reported.

Committee on Xfilitia Subalterns Bill.

Report bn Papers relating ro Prison-ers of War, further confi- rrtd.

38 Geo. Ilf 70 Junii. 659

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards a Superannuation Fund; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning1.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Beading of the Bill (now ingross'ed) for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do-pals: And that the Title b An Act for' defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report Frorri the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cales, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to feport, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which, upon the 9th Day of May Jail, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 21st Day of March last, by Mr. Whitehead, from the Transport Board, and by Mr. Stewart, from the Commissioners for Sick and Woulided Seamen, respecting the Treatment of Prisoners of War, were referred.

And th,e said Report was again read.

Vol. 53.

.And the Resolutions of the Committee being feve-lally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Ne-rriine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Paid Report and Rcfo- Report, ire. lutions be laid before His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable jeityi Privy Council; with the humble Request of this House, that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to direct the same to be communicated, in such Manner as His Majesty shall think fit, to such Princes and States as are in Amity with His Majestyi

The House was moved. That so much of the Re port which, upon the 10th Day of in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James John , Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Right of Election for the said Borough, might be read.

Add the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of Aprillafti respecting the said Right of Eiection for the said Borough, and the O der made for taking the said Petition, into Consideration upon Monday next, might be read,

And the same were read accordingly!

The House was also moved. That so much of the Report which, upon the 7th Day of November, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James John Vajar, Esquire, and also, the Petition of the thereunder ligned, the Assistant Burgesses, Burgesses, Landholders, and other the Burgesses of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, as relates to the Right of Election for the said Borough, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regula- " tion of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Re-u turns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That (it appearing to this House that no Petition leaving been presented to the House by any Person or Persons praying to be admitted as a Party or Parties to oppose the Right of Election, as determined, by the said Select Committee, and reported to the House upon the 7th Day of November, in the last: Session of Parliament, within the Time limited by the said Act; and the Judgment of the said Committee, to the said Right of Eiection, having thereupon

Order for cori-ildering Petition relucting Malmef-bury Right of li lection, dif-clurssed.

as

become final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever) the said Order for taking the said Petition, of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses of the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, into Consideration upon Monday next, be discharged.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Miners Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Conroe a!I and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the.

v.

Cold Wares Bill, committed *

Bill to extend the Duty on Rirs, committed.

Bill to amend Aflliled 'I axes Act, committed.

Bill for regulating the Hupping of Slaves, pallied.

Proceedings on B 11 to limit the tracing for Slaves.

660 70 — 8'

1 f

the present War, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law, be now read.

And tire said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve irl'cll into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to extend the Duties now payable on Hats, to all Hats, Caps, and Bonnets therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution-of the War," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves in Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating, until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defuc their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolvc itself into-a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits;

7

Junii. ' 1798.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tei.ers for.heYV

Tellers for the Noes. . } 7-

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, tili Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 8° Junii;

Anno 38° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Oilicers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had nude to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ill his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feverahy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolltd.

Ordered, Tint the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Administration of Alicts in Cales where the Executor, to whom Probate has been granted, is out of the Realm, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of t e whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in letting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on Account of the additional Duty on Salt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

Militia Subalterns Bill, reported *

Bill for Admin iftratioa of Assets, committed *

Miners Bill, passed.

Bill for rrak-ing Allowance in the Assize of Bread, for the Duty on Salt palfed.

Lords

Amendment toSuttonVeny Division and Allotment Bill, agreed to.

Bill to exempt certain Annuities from Registry, pre-fcnted.

Consideration of Lords Amendments to Bill to regulate certain Offices in the Customs, put off for Three Months.

Account of Sugar and Rum, presented.

38 Geo. III. 8° Junii.

661

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on Account of the additional Duty on Salt.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton Vetiy, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 46. 1. 9. Leave out from " intended" to " notwithstanding" in lines 11 and 12.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords} and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed' to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to exempt Annuities granted upon the 31st Day of Octobe 1776, qr between that Day and the 20th Day previous to the 16th Day of May 1777, from the Operation of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, " and for the better Protection of Infants against such " Grants:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-, reeled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif, ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third spices Dutiet Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for regulating the Bill, puffed. Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Payment, until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after the End of the present War, of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, apd for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in the Customs, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Q dices towards a Superannuation Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 5. After " London" insert " Customers " or Collectors at the Out Ports."

Pr. 3. 1. 4. Leave out from " Gravesend" to f‘ Comptroller," in Line 5 of the famePrels.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of British Plantation Sugar and Rum imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, between the 5th of January 1797 and the 5th of January 1798; with the Amount of the Duties received, all'o the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seffian. *

Vol. 53.

An ingrafted Bill for separating the Two Parishes, st. Philip an4 called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and The Jacob and Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, as (Gloucester) to the Maintenance of the Poor, and the Repairs of the Poo?, &c. Highways, of those Parishes, and as to all Rates, AflelT- Bll,» Pailcth ments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax, and for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for separating the Two Parishes, called the Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, as to the Maintenance of the Poor, and the Repairs of the Highways, of those Parishes, and as to all Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax, and for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Execution of an Act of the Taxes'" A ft,' present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr- Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

8 F

Bill for transferring the Salt Duties to the Excise, reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Stone Inclo-fnre Bill with Amendments.

Bill for regulating Newspapers, &c. re-committed.

considered.

66 2 8° — 11° Ju 1798.

Ord, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee a to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, gin. Ware upon the Bill for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, d«-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole e House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

LuntZy 11 Junii;

Anno 38° ' Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. A BILL to enable the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Bur- Liverpool De-Smith: gestes of the Town of Liverpool, in the County

Mr. Speaker, Palatine of Lancaster, in their General Corporate Ca- 4

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An pacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Com-Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, mon Council of the said Town, as Trustees of the in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, called Docks there, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of Stone Field, and The Sandpits-, with some Amendments; the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, to raise Money for to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concur- the better and more effectual Defence and Security of

rence of this House. the Town and Port of Liverpool against the Invasion of

And then the Messengers withdrew. the Enemy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into coyne, Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, &c.: And they are further Consideration the Report from the Committee to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing Speaker's Chamber, the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing

Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Thornton's not known, and for regulating the printing and Publi- Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and fommiuetL cation of such Papers in other Respects, was commit-- between the Rector of the Parish Church of Kirk commi ted, be now read. Deighton and Thomas Thornton, Esquire, of Part of his

And the said Order being read accordingly; Glebe Lands, for other Lands there the Property of the

The House proceeded to take the said Report into laid Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently

further-Consideration. situated for the said Rector, and his Successors, was

And the House being informed that several other read a Second Time.

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Bill; Mordaun Mr. Henry &c.: And they

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the,

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Speaker's Chamber.

Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Ord, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill to pr«. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, vent. J?erfo" *

further of the said Bill. upon the Bill more effectually to prevent Persons, being France? il!

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, deferred.

Committee. or remaining in, France, or other Countries not in

JVIr. Speaker left the Chair. Amity with His Majesty, during the War, and to pre-

Mr. JoJrell took the Chair of the Committee. vent Correspondence with such Persons and with His

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Majesty's Enemies, be now read.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they And the said Order being read accordingly; had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which Resolved, That this House will, upon they had directed him to report, when the House will Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee, please to receive the fiune.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Militia Subd-Morning next. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for nuking Allow- p 8'0,

3 ances,

e

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and 'Bounties thereon, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " " and

inserting the Word " Tuesday" instead thereof."

And the Question being put. That the Word " Monday" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in die Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " day"' be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further. Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Bill to exempt certain Annuities from Registry, committed.

Northern

I/ighthouses Bill, reported.

Report from Committee on Scotch Diilil-leries.

Re -committed Bill for regulating Newspapers, &c. reported.

38 GeO. III. x i° Junii. 3

ances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Militia, in Time of Peace, be now read. the House.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo

The said Bill was read the Third Time. ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Bill da pafsr; And that the Title Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time be. An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace. then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the '

Lords, and desire their Concurrence, The House was moved, That an Act, made in this. LoanExch.

present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second " for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions, by Way

Reading of the Bill to exempt Annuities granted upon " of Annuities," might be read,

the 31st Day of October 1776, or between that Day and And the same being read accordingly;

the 20th Day previous to the 16th Day of May 1777, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

from the Operation of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth authorize Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Credit Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for of the Loan granted by the said Act: And that Mr.

" registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. , do prepare, and

" better Protection of Infants against such Grants," bring in, the lame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly The House was moved. That the Fourth Report, Customs of.

The said Bill was read a Second Time. relating to the Offices in the Customs, which, upon *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. the 19th Day of July, in the last Session of Parjia;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Comment, was made from the Select Committee, who were mittee of the whole House. appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the Public Revenue and Expenditure, might be read, whole House, upon the said Bill. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regu-to whom the Bill for incorporating the Commissioners lating certain other Offices therein, and for applying appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices Northern Parts of Great Britain, was committed; That towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had Fuad: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr directed him to report the same to the House, without do prepare, and bring in, the same. any Amendmeftt: And he delivered the Bill in at the

Clerk's Table. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into teafo 1

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. further Consideration the Report from the Committee Trade, °n

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better further confi. Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, who were Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for dered' appointed to examine the Matters contained in the granting new and additional Duties of Customs on several Papers, which were presented to the House, Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage upon the 21st Day of February last, relative to the of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Distilleries in different Parts of Scotland, and to report Foreign Parts, was re-committed, be now read, the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to And the said Order being read accordingly;

the House; and who were instructed to enquire into The House proceeded to take the said Report into

the best Mode of levying and collecting the Duties further Consideration. Dut oti

upon the Distillation of Corn Spirits in Scotland; That And the House being informed that several other Cotton , the Committee had examined the Matters to them Amendments were necessary to be made to the said referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof Bill, with respect to the Duties thereby imposed on to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Cotton Wool;

and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Resolvedi That the said Bill be re-committed, so far Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where . as relates to the said Duties.

the Report was read. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Committee of the whole House. *

Consideration Tomorrow Morning. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as to consider further of the said Bill, so far as relates to shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the the said Duties.

House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Way Papers of this Session. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred 30 Means'

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original., to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which Mr. Jodrell., according to Order, reported from the the Committee had directed him to report to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, read; and are as followeth;

by Persons not known, and for regulating the printing Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duty on Cot-

and Publication of such Papers in other Respects, was That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- t0il *

re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred

had made to the Bill, and which they had directed Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, of the Growth or

him to report to ti e House; and he read the Report Production of imported into this Kingdom,

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with other than by the East India Company, Duty of Six

die Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where Shillings and Six Pence,

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Vol. 53. jesty,

Duty on Cotton.

IX

In&ru&ioiu

Gold Wares Bill, reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill respecting the coining of Silver.

664

jesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, of the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies, imported

into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Com pany, a Duty of Eight Shillings and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the ' Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, of the Growth or Production of any other Country or Place, imported into this Kingdom, other than by the East India Company, a Duty of Twelve Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at w'hich the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, a Duty of Five Pounds. !'->

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee being foveraliy read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the Houff; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the East India Company, a Duty of Four Pounds.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Prdteftion of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, is re-committed, so far as relates to the Duties on Cotton Wool, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee. had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Craves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, videlicet, on the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm

A. 1798,

" from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland,

" and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain " Sum," and to suspend the coining of Silver; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities ill Foreign Bottoms; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcomb Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as the same relate to The Oxford District of the said Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to the Churchway in Lower Stanton Field, in the County of Wilts, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid, and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Bottom,

in the said County of Gloucester, and also the Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to bury, and to the Turnpike Road at A El on and

also from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath, and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving, several other Roads communicating the rewith; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving the Footways, and for clean ling, lighting, and regulating, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading into the lame, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annnoyances, and Obstructions therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting.inclosing, draining, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bul-

beck, in the County of Cambridg; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the depasturing of Forests, Commons, and Open Fields, with Sheep or Lambs infefted with the Scab or Mange, in that Part of Great Britain called England; with some Amendments; to which

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

To leave out the Clause beginning in P. 13. 1. 17.

and

o (V

11 junu.

Governor

Indemnity

Bill.

Oxford Road Bill.

Tetbury and

Malmesbury, See. Roadi Bill.

Malmesbury Paving Bill.

Swaffham Bui beck Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Bill for regulating the de-poituring of Commons, with Amendments.

Edinburgh 'I'wo Pennies. Scots Bill, read the Third Time.

38 Geo. III.

o o

11 —

Junii.

6 5

Motion ft specting Mr. Roger O'Connor: N g.

and the Two next Clauses, relative to the Payments to be made by the Lords of the Treasury out of the Revenue of Excise in Scotland.

And the Question being put. That the First of the said Clauses (land Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j rOv :} *

TeUersfor theNoeq - } 53.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being severally put on the Two last of the said Clauses, That the same stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the Prefles containing the said Three Clauses were struck out of the Bill at the Table accordingly.

Note, The said Clauses, having been millaid, are not entered in this Place.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Morning next.'

A Motion was ma'de, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Warrants from the Duke of Portland for apprehending Roger O'Connor, Esquire, for lending him to or

for bringing the said Roger O'Connor, Esquire, from Ireland to England;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yob. 1"

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Customs of-a Bill for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and jw *

for regulating certain other Offices therein, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

5-

Return of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry, prefaced.

Bill for Regulation of Provisional Cavalry, deferred.

A respecting Greenland Fishery, to be conli-dered.

Bill to extend the Duty on Hats, defer-, red.

Ways and Meins, defer red.

Bill to amend

Assessed Taxes Act, deferred.

Supply, 4s. ferred.

1 Mr. Sheridan: }

Tellers for the Noes, atWar: K

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

A Return of the Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry accepted by His Majesty in Great Britain, prior to the ift of June 1798, distinguishing those of each County, specifying' their respective Establishments, and their effective Numbers, according to the latest Returns, is far as the same can be ascertained.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Return be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Return is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend " several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's " Sfreights; and to amend the Laws now in force for the " Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Seas " to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's " Streights," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider-of the said Act.

V01.. 53.'

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Duties, now payable on Hats, to all Hats, Caps, and Bonnets therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an " Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the " War," was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Bill to limit ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, su»eTd defer/ to consider further of the Bill to prohibit the trading red/ ' for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is King' con-concerned in the ingrossed Bill for'dividing and inclos- inTlofurtUiffi ing certain Common Fields in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, called Stone Field, and The Sard-' pits, which was, upon Friday last, brought from the Lords, with several Amendments, to which their Lord-, ships desired the Concurrence of this House;

Mr. Secretary Dundas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interel't is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Tdn of the Clock.

Martis, 129 die Junii;

Anno 38® Georgii IIItH Regis, 1798,

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That Kine' Nfer-he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, ligned by His Majesty; and he presented the S'

fame to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty relying on the experienced £<.-al and Affection of His faithful Commons, and conf'dering that it

8 G may

666 i2° Junii. 1798.

may be of the utmost Importance to provide for such Emergencies as may arise in this critical Conjuncture, is desirous that this House will enable Him to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any F.nterprizes or Deiigns of His Enemies, and as the Exigencies of Affairs may require. q

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Mef-sage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into minhuunon a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the cf Aflcts. Administration of Aifets in Cafes where the Executor, to whom Probate has been granted, is out of the Realm;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, was committed}

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Matters contained in the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 21 ft Day of February last, relative to the DifuUeries in different Parts of Scotland;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Report.

Ruld Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

l,paled. Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House nm'ad nHbr to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, r -ttiou of to consider further of the Bill for the better Protection Trade. of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new

and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Shipsentering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, so far as relates to the Duties thereby imposed on Cotton Wool, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him tt> report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Customs of- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second fices Bill, Reading of the Bill for abolishing certain Offices in committed. customs> an(j for regulating certain other Offices therein, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution " for the Prosecution of the War," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the| said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern. Parts of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A''Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the House do now adjourn.

And the said Motions were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mercur'd.

Bill for transferring the Salt Duties to the Excift deferred.

Report from Committee on Scotch Di&il-leries, referred to a Committee of the House.

Bill to amend Ailefled Taxes A&, deferred.

Northern Li hthoufa Bill, passed.

Bill to limit the trading fof Slaves, ckjtcr ' red.

t.

King's An- fwer refoetting the Report on Treatment of Prisoners of War.

Jx>rds

Amendments to Bill for regulating the depalluring of Commons, ?groed to.

Bill for Adminifl: ration of Assets, reported *

.38 Geo. III. 130

Mercuriiy 130 Junn; -

Anno 38° Georgii IU, U Regis, 1798,

L

Prayers. t

"T~ ORD Charles Henry Somerset reported to the House, I jThat the Copy of the Report and Resolutions which, upon the 9th Day of May last, were made from the Committee, to whom the several Papers respecting the Treatment of Prisoners of War were referred (which this House had directed to be laid before His Majesty, with their humble Request, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct the same to be communicated, in such Manner as His Majesty should think fit, to such Princes and States as are in Amity with His Majesty! had been laid before His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the depalluring of Foiefts, Commons, and Open Fields, with Sheep or Lambs infected with the Scab or. Mange, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

And the said Amendments were read $ and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. J. 7; Leave out from the first " Letters" to " of," in Line 9 of the same Press.

I, ii. After Surnames " insert " or with such Marks with which such " Sheep or Lambs have for Three . preceding \ ears been usually

" marked, such Letters or Marks not being less in Length than " Three Inches.

J. 26. After " Persons " insert " having

" Sheep or Lambs actually depasturing, or entitled to be de-; " pastured, on such Eoreft, Chafe,

" Wood, Moor, Marsh, Heath, " Common, Waste Land, Open " Field, or other undivided or " uninclosed Land,"

I. 31. Leave out from " upon" to contrary" in Line 35, and insert " the fame."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr, Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Administration of Assets in Cafes where the Executor, to whom Probate has beeq grafted, is out. of the Realm, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had tnade to the Bill, and which they had directed to be

Junih

reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the} Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read, throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques» tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendmentsi_be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tg-morrow Morning, if. the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. %

Ordered, That the Order of the Dayj for the House to resolve itself into a Cohunittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt Annuities granted upon the 31st Day of October 1776, or between that Day and the 20th Day previous to the 16th Day of May 1777, from the Operation of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, " and for the better P.-'oteftion of Infants against lucfl Grants," be now read.

A»id the said Order being read accordingly;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, 1 delve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein, and for applying the Fees which have been received from Vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of thq Superannuation Fund, be qow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee, —; Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. , Ordered, That the Report be received To-morroiy Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. ,from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in} and, at the Bar, prefenfed to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills, which have been issued on the Credit of the Growing Produce of the Consolidated fund, for the Service of the Year 1797: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Sum wanting to make good the Sum of Two Millions, charged by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797: And also,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills if-sued in pursuance of an Act, pafl'ed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year 1797."

And then he-withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

The said Accounts are as followed; ,

Yoi. 53,

Bill to exnr, pj| certain Annuities from Registry, dc t ferred.

Committee ojf

Customs O t ficesJJill,

Accounts presented x

Exchequer Bills.

Confoiida$e4

Fund.

Exchequer Bill "

Committee of

Supply.

Estimate, See. referred:

Pier at Sutton PooL

<568 13® Juni 1798,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Buigefles, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills which have been issued on the Credit of the Growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797.

The Exchequer Bills, which have been issued on the Credit of the Growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797, amount to the Sum of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 13th Day of June 1798. James Fisher.

U.

35

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Buigefles, in Parliament assembled.

An AG COUNT of the Amount of the Sum wanting to make good the Sum of Two Millions, charged by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797.

The Amount of the Sum wanting to make good the Sum of Two Millions, charged by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797, is One Million Three Hundred and Forty-seven Thousand One Hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings.

Exchequer,

the 13th Day of June 1798. James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Buigefles, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the "Service of the Year 1797."

The Exchequer Bills, issued in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Three Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 13th Day of June 1798. James

Ordered That the Two First of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of ere sting a Pier on the East Side of Sutton Pool, in a Line with

S

the one already erected on the West Side, for the protecting and better securing the Town of Plymouth, and the Shipping laying in the said Pool, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums which the Suim awarded Commissioners, under the 7th Article of the American ° bepaid un-Treaty, have awarded to be paid by the British Govern- Treaty!'"0 11 ment, and the Expences attending the said Commission, to the 5th July 179S, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

Committee of Ways and

Bill for regulating Newspapers, &c. piled.

38 Geo. IIL 130 Junii. 669

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutiorts; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee, Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please tp receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr! Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to piove, that they may, have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known, and for regulating the printing and Publication of such Papers in other Respects, be now read, And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the ‘said Bill- be now read the Third

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. The Amendments following Were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz-

Pr. 9. 1. 27. To leave out " publishing" and iqfert " printing" instead thereof.

], 31. To leave out " publishing" and insert "printing" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upoA fhelQii&ftion - severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hpufe anditfte Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, a.

' Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Press 20, Line 9, by leaving out; from the 'Word " aforesaid" to the Word " provided," in Press 21, Line 14. . I.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Words proposed to he left out stand Part of the Bill;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pv That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Mop

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telta for the ... } 9,

for theNoes,| ^; G" }4 So it passed in the Negative,

VPfo 53' - - - - ....

Then the Question being put, That the Words pm- posed to be left out stand Part of the Bill j It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known, and for regulating the printing and Publication of such Papers in other Respects.

Ordered, That Mr, Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Ho ford and Mr. Craves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several " Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing " the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain " Courts of Justice in Great ," as imposes. a

Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any Church or Chapefj without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the pill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety eight; without any Amendment: /Vnd also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers tof art Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening " and improving the Entrance into the City of London, " nzarTemple Bar \ for making a more commodious Street " or Passage at Snow Hill-, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans1 Fund, a Sum of Money for " thdle Purposes;!> without any Amendment! And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making ana maintaining a new Sewer upon Little Tower Hill, within the County of j

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Uflliam Brodum, Doctor of Physic; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, And then the Messengers withdrew,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent Persons, being His Majesty's Sybjefts, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or other Countries not jn Amity with His Majesty, during the War, and to pre-‘ yent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies,- be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn *

' ing next, refolye itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Pay, for the Hoyfe to resolve itself into a Compiittee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from pie Committee, who were appointed to examine {he Matters contained in the fpveraj Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 21st Pay of February

. . ? H

Tho Lonfy hayc agreed

Bill for rc-t pealing the Duty on L» % cences to £ % rates,

Bill for mak-r ing the Laq Tax perp«T tual. f

Lottery Bittf

Temple

Improvement

Tower HiU

Sewer Bi|{:

The Lords have pail$4 Brodum's N t. Bill,

Btyl to pr«r vent Person repairing tq France, deferred,

Committee o:t Report relative to the Scotch Di(m leiies.

Iteport on aeun re-com nutfal 6ill for jPrtttftion oTTrtdc.

tSkdn *

perBiJls Bill *

wyfrnttdi

Taxed Cuts Doty Bill, ytftattd.

Bill to amend Asseflkd Taxes Act, imported.

\ (

6jo 13 - — 14® Jmit. A. 1798.

lift, relative to the Distitteries in different Parts of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

- The House refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobari took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chait.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr Hobart do make the Report front the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, was re-committed, so far as relates to the PutieS thereby imposed on Cotton Wool.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " railing the Sum of Seventeen Millions, by Way of AnnuitiesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts,: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," was' committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for granting Relief to Persons who have ceased to keep Carriages before the ill of November 1797.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

a

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the trading upon the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the for Slave . Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ✓

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

JovisK 14 die Junii 5

Anno 38° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1798.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An BnxW Act for naturalizing William , Doctor Of Nat. Bill,«»A

Physic, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the tori Amendments tiiade by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common closure Bill, Fields, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafr ag ed w-ford, called Stone Field, and The Sandpits.

1 And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 8. After " whereas" insert the King's ' " Most Excellent Majesty, in

" Right of His Crown, is Patron " of the Perpetual Curacy of Stone " aforesaid, and."

L 10. Leave out from " Stone" to " and, " in Line 1.2.

Pr. 33. 1. 8. Afore- of" insert " the Patron of " the said Perpetual Curacy, and of."

L 9. Leave out from to"expressed," in Lines 10 and 11.

V 7 Leave out " their Hands" and in-

1 ' fert his Hand."

1 z. J

£12. Leave out " Seals" and insert > - Seal." .

TFhfe-said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report re!, . Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- to the red to consider of the Report which was made from D5ia' the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Matters contained in ;the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 21st Day of February last, relative to the Distilleries in different Parts of Scotland, the Resolutions which the Committee had ' . dirtfted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are a fol- ,

loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is. the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Excise Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence

be

a

(jEO. III. 14° Junii.: 671

be charged for very Gallon of Jkritifk Spirits which " the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein shall have been found, on, the first actual Survey, by particulady described, for a. limited Time, aDd for the proper Officer of Excise, on or after the 13th Day . w regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective of June 1798, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession, of " Districts in Scotland," might be read.

any Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, Dealer in, or And the same being read accordingly; . '

Retailer of Spirits, in that Part of Great Bi'itaincalled Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-Scotland. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to consider of the said Acts.

That all Spirits, which shall be distilled in any Part of

Scotland from and after the 13th Day of June 1798 Mr, Haccording to Order, reported from the Report Su until the 10th Day of April 1799, shall be charged > Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ply‘ with the said additional Excise Duty. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed That the Licences on all Stills used in Scotland, shall be him to report to the House; which he read in his deemed and declared to be Licences for working the Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table *

said Stills Six Days in the Week only, through the Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Year, exclusive of Sundays. Refol, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, VottgfCre-. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Ma- * .

That it shall be unlawful for any Distiller to charge, jesty, to enable His Majesty to take all such Measures as work, or discharge, his Still or Stills at any Time be- may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enter-tween Eleven of the Clock on Saturday Night, and prizes or Dehgnsof His Enemies, and as the Exigencies One of the Clock on Monday Morning, throughout of Affairs may require.

the Year. Refol, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequet Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Five hun- *

That, from and after the 10th Day of August 1798, dred thousand Pounds, be granted to Majesty, for all unmalted Grain, used by any Distiller in Scotland paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made in the Formation of his Worts and Wash for Distil- out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of lation, shall be chargeable and charged with the Duty Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain now payable on Malt used in Scotland for the same Pur- " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the pose. M Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, M Ninety-seven," and charged upon the first Aids to be That the Exemptions from the Duty on Malt, now al- granted in the next Session of Parliament.

lowed to Distilleries in certain Parts of Scotland, shall, Refol, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Stuns awarded from and after the 5th Day of July 1798, be discon- That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand five der>>Unericj£ tinued. hundred and Sixteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to enable That it shall not be lawful to remove Spirits from the ' His Majesty to defray the Sums which the Commis-Works or Manufactory of any Distiller or Rectifier in (loners, under the Seventh Article of the American Scotland without a Permit, signed by the proper Officer Treaty, have awarded to be paid by the Rritifk Govern-of Excise, naent, and the Expences attending the said Commission,.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further to the 5th Day of July 1798.

Consideration Tomorrow Morning, ' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pier at Sutton

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three Po° *

' The House was moved. That an Act, made in the hundred Eighty-leven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and 1

last Session of'Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

f granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distil- the Expence oferefting a Pier on the East Side of Sut-

* leries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scot- ton Pool, and of completing the Pier on the West

"/ Wherein particularly described, for a limited Time; Side of the said Pool, for better securing the Town of

* and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the Plymouth. '

* respective Districts in Scotland," might be read. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

And the same was read accordingly. Time, W6re, upon the Question severally put there-

The House wafcalfo moved. That an Act, made in upon, agreed to by the House, this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act.

* to revive and continue, until the First Day of Mr, Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Wky *

March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred wMbm,

" eight, an Act, passed in the Session -of Parliament ro consider further of Ways and Means for raising the holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years Supply granted toHis Majesty, the Resolution which the of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two, Committee had directed him to report to the House;

" videlicet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thou- which-he read ip his Place; and afterwards delivered sand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read;

* to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in and is as-followeth; viz,

" the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, £xcheqti«t particularly described, for a limited Time, and for That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Jda- regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective jesty, the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thou- piftrifts in Scotland," might be read, ,sand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to

And the same was read accordingly. be chained on the first Aids to be granted In the next

The House was also moved, That another Act, made Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, " An not discharged, with interest thereupon, on or before " Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of -the 5th Day of January 1799, to be exchanged and " May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills " an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

" the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of-His The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was,

" present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the -« videlicet, on the Nineteenth Day of July One thou- House,

sand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting -Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said H to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in -Resolution { And that Mr, Hobart, Mr, Chancellor of Vo 1. £3, - . , the-

612 140 Ju. A. 1798.

the Exchequer, Mr. 'Tovunjhend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. P\bus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring is, the fame.

Semnts, foe. - The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Sco«fid«cd° Pre ent Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages,

Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duties upon Male Servants.

The Lords A Messagfe from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

luwje agreed to Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

SugarBilL . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend, an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Six, videlicet, on the Eighteenth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-- fix, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; without any Amendment: And also.

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An inrTanners," Act to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the with an ' Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act Amendment. concerning Tanness, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other " Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather;" with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb,

.Caddington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An with Amend- Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common merits. Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and;

with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Outwell, and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An dS h ic Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Feri Drainage Bill, Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell, Sloiv-Bardolpk, with Amend- IVimbotsham, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk; Inents' with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, .

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Warboys in- j\ft for amending so much of an Act, passed in the with Amend- Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, menu. intituled, "An Act for dividing, inclosing, and drain-

" ing, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, " Commonablp and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, "within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the " County of Huntingdon," as relates to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out and I allotted in lieu of Tythes; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Petition from A Petition of the Freeholders, Justices of the Peace, so'/'a T«re' Commissioners of Supply, and other Proprietors of the upon Proper- County of Stirling, was presented to the House, and y- read; Setting forth, That, at a Period when our

Country is threatened with Invasion by. an inveterate Enemy, it is with peculiar Satisfaction the Petitioners have observed the many generous Efforts, in every Corner of the Kingdom, to strengthen the Hands of Government by Voluntary Contribution, but, as these must necessarily be very uncertain in their Extent, and liable to many Disadvantages from which a regular Tax imposed by the Legislature is'free, the Petitioners 4re

decidedly of Opinion, that a more efficient Measurt should be adopted at the present Juncture, in order to raise in future, as far as practicable, the necessary Supplies within the Year without any Loan — Such Exertion would convince our Enemies of the Disposition, Wealth, and Resources, of Great Britain, and how unfounded is their vain Boast of conquering her by the Increase of Public Debt; and that, owing to the Uncertainty of Income in' a Commercial and Manufacturing Country, a direct Tax upon every Kind of Property or Stock,

Real and Personal, appears to the Petitioners the only Measure which can be resorted to for accomplishing with Effect and Equality so desirable an Object-; and the Petitioners hesitate not to say, that a very small Rate thereon (which, considered merely as a Premium of Insurance for securing the Remainder, could not be deemed grievous or opprdfive) would raise the requi-. site Sum with more Ease to Individuals, Corporations, and other Societies, possessed of Property, than any other Mode which can be devised; and that the Petitioners are aware that many Objections and Difficulties may occur, and some Inconveniences be felt in carrying into Effect a Plan of this Nature; but this is no Time for such secondary Considerations to have much Weight, the Petitioners must feel such Inconveniences in common with their Fellow Subjects, and they are prepared to meet them, and even much greater, with.that Firmness and Fortitude so essential to a high spirited, a great, and a brave Nation, when its Independence, and every.

Thing valuable in Life, is at Stake: And that the Petitioners do therefore earnestly petition the House to take their Request into serious Consideration, and that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to impose a direct Tax, equal to the new Exigencies of the Country, upon Real and Personal Estates, of whatever Kind, within Great Britain, and to continue the fame-in Force, if necessary, during the Existence of the present War with France, and to come in lieu of the new Alfefled Taxes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

' J i

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, d.conl1 to consider of- the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder. A t »

Ordered, That the Order ;of the Day, for the Third Bill for Ad-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Administra -tion of Affcts irj Cafes where the Executor, tp whom paired. Probate has been granted, is . out of she Realm, be now read. . .;

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

' The said Bill was read the Third Time..

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that he Title be, An Act for the Administration of Afffts Cafes where the Executor, to whom ProbateJias been granted, is out of the Realm, , .

Ordered, That Mr, Simeon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.; .; ,

The House, according to Order, resumed the further Edinburgh Proceeding upon the Thjrd Reading of the . ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terni granted by an Act, of the paired. Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the 'Duty of

Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the.Gity of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned,. and for explaining and amending the said Act. ..: _

And the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 13. 1, 23. After "longer" to insert " Provid- <

1; " ed always, that in case a Substi-

' " tution shall be provided by

Parliament

-Motion for a Committee to enquire into the State of Ireland:

Neg.

Motion for Addrofs relative to Ireland:

Weg.

38 Geo. III.

I4° — rs0 Jtmii.

" Parliament, in lieu of the aforesaid Duties hereinbefore granted " and continued, then, and in . " that Event, this present Act

u shall cease and determine in the same Way and Manner, as " it wotild have done at the Expiration of the aforesaid Years."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ‘be, An Act for further continuing, for Thirty-eight Years, the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, and Places adjacent, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the State of Ireland-, .

The House divided.

' The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, cftA: } +3'

Te.tefor theNoes ^; " .- jr59.

, So-it passed in the Negative. . ,;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to submit our Opinion to His Majesty,. that the.deplorable State of Ireland calls for an immediate and total Change of Counsels and Measures in that Kingdom That, if the System of Coercion, enforced in the Manner it has been, should-succeed to the full Ex-lent of the most sanguine Expectations of those who have advised it, the Conquest of a Desert is all that can be obtained by it; and that Ireland, so reduced and so desolated, can no Way be preservd but by a continued Waite of the Wealth and Strength of Great Britain, for which no other Return from that Country can be rationally expected, but implacable Hatred waiting for Revenge: — That, if these Measures fail, the Poffibi-lity of which no wife Government would leave out of its Calculation, Ireland will not merely be loft, but may become an Accession to the Power of France, and England be exposed to the I flue of a Contest, on English Ground, not for Acquisition or Dominion, but probably for Existence: — We should fail in the Duty we have undertaken, if we did not, at the same Time, express to Your Majesty our absolute Conviction, that no Change of System in Ireland would be effectual to its Purpol'c, without a Removal of those Persons, whose Counsels have produced the present Calamities, and who cannot in Reason be considered as capable of correcting their own Errors, or of attempting it with Sincerity; and whose past Conduct, both in Practice and Profession, renders it impossible for them, even were they to act on a sincere Conviction of past Error, to jaife an Expectation in Ireland of such a Government on temperate Principles as might dispose the People to submit to the regular and indispensable Restraints of Justice administered according to Law, or even to accept of Concessions without Distrust, or of Benefits with Gratitude: Nothing, in our Opinion, but a total Change of Men, as well as Measures, can prevent the otherwise certain Alienation, and, more than possible, Separation, of that Country from Great Britain;

It paired in the Negative.

Vo-L. 53

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And it being after Twelve of the Clock on Friday Morning; '

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve . itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excile, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, was committed, be taken into further Consideration this Day.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for abolifiling certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund, was committed, be received this Day.

Ordered, That the Report from th Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, was re-committed, so far as relates to the Duties thereby imposed on Cotton Wool, be taken into further Consideration this Day.

Ordered, That the Bill to authorize Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Mil-,u lions, by Way of Annuities," be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts, be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrafted) for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the ‘‘ War," be read the Third Time this Day.

Bill for Regulation of Provisional Cavalry, deferred.

Bill for transferring the Salt Duties to the Excise, deferred.

Customs Offices Bill, de ferred.

Bill for Pro- *

te&ion of Trade, deferred.

Loan Exchequer Bills Bill, deferred.

Taxed Cart Duty Bill, i deferred.

Bill to amend AHefted Taxes Act, deferred.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Bill to limit ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the trading House, upon the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves ferred.'"' ' on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits.

i And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 dieJunti;

Anno 38 Georgii III'" Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord The Lord and Mr. Graves: have agreedt.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Art Militia Pay Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing BiU‘ of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England,1 (ox One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; without any Amendment: And also, >

8 1 The

Spices Duties Bill.

15 ° yunii.

A. 1798.

Bill for making Allowance in the Aliize of Bread, for the Duty on Salt.

Bill to prevent the Exportation of base Coin.

timers Bill.

Golden Farmer and Basingstoke Roods Bill.

Glastonbuiy Inclosure Bill.

The Lords

have passed Hoolhoom's Nat. Bill.

Holwhede's Nat. Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Payment, until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after the End of the present War, of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread, to make an Allowance on Account of the additional Duty on Salt j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of base Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies and America; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Road from The Golden , near

Shot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Basing-Jloke and Odiham, both in the said County of Southampton , and for repairing and widening the Road from the Southern Extremity of Northwarnborough Lane, near Odiham aforesaid, over Nqjrthwarnborough Common, Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through the Parishes of Rotherwicke, Mattingley, and ,to a Plate

called The Bull Inn, in the Parish of Swallowfield, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of,

in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Trad of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of Queen or Little Sedgmoor, in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glastonbury, and also certain Parcels of Waste Land in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint Benedict, in Glastonbury, all in the County of Somerset-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Ecbert Hoolboom; to wfyich the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Holwhede' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nat. Bill, read. for naturalizing John Frederick Holwhede, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hoolboom' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nat. Bill, read, d- for naturalizing James Eckbert Hoolboom, was read , the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

L°ri,s The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

rtS Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, amend War- An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in \Tre la!°" the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-greed to'. jesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, inclosing, and " draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Paf- tures. Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen " Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingd," as relates to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out and allot-, ted in lieu of Tythes.

And the Taid Amendments were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. 1» 1. Leave out from " be" to "and," irt

Press 18 Line 27.

Pr. 18. 1. 27. 7 Leave out " the same is" and insert & 28. J " are."

1. 35. Leave out " General,", and in the same Line after " Award" insert " so directed to be made."

Pr. 19. 1. 8. Leave out from " which" to " are, *

in Line 10.

1. 16. 7 Leave out " Yards, Homeftalls, & 17. 3 " and Homeclofes."

1. 18. After " erected" insert " or," and in the same Line and Line 19 Leave out " or obtained upon

1. 20. Leave out from " and" to " Tythe" in Line 30, and insert " also to " direct the."'

|. 32.1 Leave out from " belonging" to the & > Second " it" in Press 20, Line 33. J 38, and insert " or any Part thereof, to be removed from their " present Situation to such Part " of the Allotments hereby vested in the said Rector of Warboys and his Successors, as to " the said Commissioners, shall " seem fit and convenient, and." Pf. 21. 1. ,10. Leave out from " demise" to " all,"

1. 17.

1. &6.

Pr. 22. 1. 22.

I. 24

Pr. 23. 1. 29. Cx.ausb (A.)

in Line 14.

Leave out from " Tythes" to " which," in Line 18.

Leave out from " thereon" to " unto," in Line 31.

Leave out " to keep and maintain."

Leave out " erected upon and be- " long to" and insert " so direct-, " ed by the said Commissioners " to be removed, erected, and " built upon."

After " notwithstanding" insert Clauses (A.) and (B.)

" And whereas Doubts have arisen,

" whether such Part of the said " Lands and Grounds so set out " and intended to be set out for " Tythes accruing in respect to " Allotments appertaining to the " Estates of the Out Commoners " mentioned in the said in Pan;

" recited Act, ought not to belong to the respective Imprbpriators, Rectors, and Vicars of " the several Parishes of Saint Ives,

" Woodhurst, Old Httrjl, Houghiott-

" with-Witton, Broughton, and

" tie Raveley, in the said County " of Huntingdon; Be it further " Enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are " hereby required, at their First " or Second Meeting to be held " after the passing of this Act, to " receive the Claims of the said " Impropriators, Rectors, and Vicars of the said several Parishes,

" and after such Claims shall have " been so received by them, they " shall and are hereby required " to give Notice in Writing, in " The Cambridge Chronicle, and " on the Church Doors of the " respective

Geo. III.

150 J

675

U

to respective Parishes aforesaid, aj>

* pointing a Time and Place rof receiving Objections to all or any " of the said Claims; which said " Objections shall be delivered in " Writing, signed by the Person " or Persons making the same, who is and are hereby required to Hate the said Objections at Length, with his and their Rea-fons for making the same; and that the said Commissioners shall send to each and every of the said Impropriators, Rectors, and Vicars, written Copies of the said Objections, and shall appoint a Time and Place for receiving Evidence for and against the said several Claims; apd it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to draw up, or cause to be drawn up, a same in Writing, setting forth the said Claims, with the Objections thereto, and the Evidence relating to the same; and such same shall be referred to Simon Le Blanc, Esquire, one of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Allan Chambre, of Grays,

" Esquire, for their, several Opi- riions thereon; and in case the " said Opinions shall differ, the " same Cafe, with the said fevcial " Opinions, shall be referred to " Richard Richards,, of Lincoln's u Inn, Esquire, whose Opinion " shall be final and conclusive, " as to the Division or otherwise " of such Part of the said Tythe " Allotments, concerning which Doubts have arisen as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to " allot to the said Rector of boys, and the said Impropriators, Rectors, and Vicars, any or either of them, agreeable to the said Opinions of the said Simon Le Blanc and Allan Chambre, in case of a Consonance in the said Opinions, or agreeable to the Opinion of the said Richard Richards,, in case it should be necessary to refer the Matter to him as aforesaid; and such Allotments shall be binding and conclusive to all Parties: Provided, that in case the said Simon Le Blanc or Allan Chambre, or Richard,

or all or any of them, shall die, or refuse or decline to decide upon the aforesaid same so to be referred to them as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint One or more fit and proper Person (not interested in the Matter in question) in the Place or 3tead of such of them, the said Simon Le Blanc, or Allan Chambre, or Richard Richards,, who shall so refuse or decline to decide upon

tt

Vol. 53.

" the aforesaid Cafe, whole Decision on the said same shall " have the same Effect as the " Opinion or Opinions of the " Person or Persons in whose , Place or Stead he or they shall " be so nominated." .

Cl ause (B.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That in case no Objections shall be made to the Claims of the said ImpropiiStors, Rectors, and Vicars, the " said Commissioners are hereby " authorised and required to allot " to the said Impropriators, Rectors, and Vicars, such Part of " the said Tythe Allotments, and " to divide the same in such Proportions to their several Rights " and Interests therein, as to the " said Commissioners shall seem "fit and expedient."

Pr. 24. 1. 5. Leave out " General."

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the said Amendments, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations, except the Person who originally dissented from the said Bill;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Evans, Secretary to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Book, intituled, " An Account of the Receipts " and Difiburfements of the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, from the 24th of June 1796 to the 24th of June "1797"

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and Hert-

ford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 60. L 4. Leave out from " made" to " And," in Line 32.

Pr. 77. 1. 20.- Leave out from " thereof" to "And," in Press 78, Line n.v

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons,

Heaths,

Ram fgate Harbour Account, presented.

Lords

Amendments to Cadding-ton Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Lords

Amendments to Swaft ham Bulbcck Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Report relative to the Scotch Distilleries, further considered.

Committee on Acts relating to Scotch Du-tiiieiy.

6j6 . 15 JA. 1798.

Heaths, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

Swaff ham Bulheck, in the County of

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz, '

Pr. 1. 1. 20, After "aforesaid" insert " and claims " to be Lord of the Manor of " Swaffham Bui beck."

1. 22. After " Reverend" insert " the"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by th.eir Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to, examine the Matters contained in the several Papers, which were presented 'to the House upon the 21st Day of last, rela-

tive to the Distilleries in different Parts of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Douglas, Mr. Shaw Mr. Ferguson, Mr. Fordyce, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That, the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several " Parts of the Highlands of Scotland herein particularly " described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the " Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in " Scotland;" and also, of an- Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of March One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an Act, < palfed in the Session of Parliament holden in the " Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two, videlicet, on " the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several " Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in " Scotland "and also, of another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to u revive and continue, until the First Day of May One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, an Act, fl palfed in the Session of Parliament holden in the " Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Two, videlicet, on " the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several " Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particu- larly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed tire Chair.

"Ms..Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

r

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiU, please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, and others possessed of Property wkhin the Shire of Ayr, met at by public Act vertisement, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, from a Conviction that our inveterate Enemy confides in the eventual Derange-' ment of the Finances of this Country, should the Sums necessary for the Support of the War continue to be raised by constant and great Accumulations of the Funded Debt, do therefore beg Heave to express their anxious Desire to avoid, if possible, any further Increase of that Burthen, and their earnest Willi that the whole Supplies necessary for carrying on the present War may, as far as practicable, be raised in future within the Year, by such Means as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem belt adapted to make the Burthen fall as equally as possible on the whole Community.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts, be now read, .

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next,.resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent'Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or other Countries not in Amity with His Majesty, during the War, and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to tire Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with th» Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use-of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt Annuities granted upon the 31st Day of O80-ber 1776, or between that Day and the 20th Day previous to the 16th Day of May 1777, from the Operation of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Y'ear of His Majesty's

Petition from Ayrshire relating to Revenue.

Taxed Carte Duty Bill, committed *

Committee on Bill to prevent Persons repairing to France, &cc *

reported.

Committee on Bill to exempt certain Annuities from Registry.

Committee of Way and Meant.

Committee on Stamp Duties.

Report of Bill

for transferring the Salt Duties to the JSxcise, fur. ther configured *

38 Geo. III.

15® Junii,

677

Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for registering " the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Pro " testion of Infants against such Grants."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself intb a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for transferring the Management' of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration,

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,- agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Rock Salt to be made into White Salt at Refineries now entered for that Purpose.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to to added to the Bill,

Vol. $3,

to empower the Commissioners of the Treasury to allow Rock Salt to be refined at a limited Number of Refineries in Scotland.

And the Question being put. That the said CUufo be brought up;

The House divided.1 The Yeas went forth,

Tellere fop the Yeas, }

Tellers for the Noes, J ‘

So it passed in the Negative,

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, to ingrafted,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ution of p«£ upon the Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional visional Ca-Forceof Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Com reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read,

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as.

shall to sufficient for the Vie of the Members of the House,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report from the Committee t£dreg[|°nw of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better for prot<-aion Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for of Trade, f\>?-granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage ' of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, was again -re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report info further Consideration,

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Goods imported by the East India Company shall nut be charged before a certain Time,

And the said Clause was Twice read and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill,

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exemping Articles exported to Newfoundland.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill,

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

& deriving

678 ' 150 — 18" Jrnii.A. 1798.

declaring that no Pees shall be demanded for any Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question Licence granted by the Act. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause 'was Twice read; and, upon That the bill, with the Amendments, be

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, ingrossed.

to be made Part of the Bill. Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

NThen several Amendments were made, by the House, upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be to the Bill. then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Additions *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Order, a Bill for railing an additional Sum of Money, |"fh 1j11|r upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the presentei then ingrossed. Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the Amendment made by the Lords Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

derirT Lord to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Amendment in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the upon Monday Morning next, to Tanners First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Cur-1 " riers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying The other Order of the Day being read;

* the Cutting of Leather," be taken into Consideration Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Exe- Bill tonaaA upon Tuesday Morning next. cution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament,

intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Sfepply, de. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to " Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the

ftrrei resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, War," be read the Third Time upon Monday Morn-

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- ing next, jesty; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. ' ing next. Ten of the Clock.

&rrantste&cn e House, according to Order, resolved itself into Dutie Act . a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties " upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and " Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties " in lieu thereof," as relates to the Duties upon Male Servants.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from" the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleajfe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

loan Fxehe- Ordered, That the Orderof the Day, for the Second commit- Reading of the Bill to authorize Exchequer Bills to be ted.' _ issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions, n by Way of Annuities," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

- The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. s

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole . - House, upon the said Bill.

Customs Of- Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do make the Report from fices Bill, «- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ' for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein, and for apply- ing the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund, was committed.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had . made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be

reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Lunce, 18° dieJunii;

Anno 38° Georgii III,a Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That K>ng'» Melt he had a Message from His Majesty to this [ thefloffert House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the of'Militia Refame to the House; and it was read by Mr. Sjreaker S'lreJjuS (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R. '

His Majesty thinks proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, of different Regiments of the Militia of this Kingdom, have made to His Majesty a voluntary Tender of their Services, to be employed in Aid of the Regular and Militia Forces in Ireland, for the Suppression of the Rebellion now unhappily existing in that Country. ' N

His Majesty has received with the utmost Sensibility this striking and seasonable Proof of ardent Zeal and Attachment towards His Person and Government, and of affectionate Concern for the Interests and Safety of His Majesty's faithful and loyal Subjects in; and,

conceiving that His being enabled to avail Himself of this new and distinguished Instance of Public Spirit, may eventually be of the utmost Importance for the Protection of the Lives and Properties of His Subjects, for the speedy and effectual Suppression of the Rebellion, for the Defence of Great Britain itself,. and for the general Interests and Security of the Empire, He. recommends it to His faithful Commons to ✓ consider of such Provisions as may be necessary for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland at this important Conjuncture. G R

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

R«t>ort of Provisional Cavalry Bill, further Considered.

Bill re-committed.

Report on Acts relating to Scotch Distillery.

instruction.

'‘The Lords have passed

Shrewsbury School Bill,

Do - - Bill, read.

Account of Herrings ex-

Sorted, with rawn, and another ordered.

38 Geo. III. 180 Junii. s. 679

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into January 1797, with the Amount of the Bounty paid further Consideration the Report from the Committee thereon j distinguishing each Period, each Port, and of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regu- the Red from the White Herrings, together with the lation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by Number of Barrels of Herrings exported from Scotland virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, in the same Periods, and the Amount of the Bounty was committed, be now read. paid thereon;

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account further Consideration. , instead thereof.

And the House being informed that several other The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspec- prtfonwd. Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; for General of the Imports and Exports of Great Bri-

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. tain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Resolved, That the said Bill' be re-committed to a Bar, pretented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Committee of the whole House.,) An Account of the Number of Barrels of Herrings

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday exported from the several Ports of England in the fol *

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the lowing Periods, viz. in the Nine Years preceding the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill. £th January 1771, in the Sixteen Years preceding the

5th Janu 1787, and in the Ten Years preceding the Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of 5th Janu 1797, with the Amount of the Bounty the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider paid thereon, distinguishing each Period, each Port, of several Acts, made in the last, and in this present and the Red from the White Herrings; together with Session of Parliament, relative to the Distilleries in the Number of Barrels of Herrings exported from different Parts of Scotland, be now received.' land in the same Period, and the Amount of the Bounty

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- paid thereon, mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had di- And then he withdrew,

redled him to report to the House; which he read in And the Title of the said Account was read,

his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. viz. ! Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use That the respective Duties granted by, and the several of the Members of the House.'

Powers and Authorities contained in, an Act, passed in The said Account is preserved amongst the other the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Ma- Papers of this Session.

jesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several

Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly The House was moved, That the Petition of thb feve- Refotution described, for a limited Time, and for regulating, the ral. Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, f reApplV Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in being Merchants and others, residing in or near the cation for Scotland, which were continued by Two Acts, passed Cities of London and the Borough of -

in this present Session of Parliament, until the First wark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex Bill.

Day of May \798, should be revived and further con- and Surr (which was presented to the House upon

tinued. the 4th Day of December last) and also the Report,

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, which was made from the Committee, to whom the upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the said Petition was referred, might be again read. 1

House. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen RefThat, in case it shall be thought expedient, , who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- by the Petitioners, to renew their Application to this suant to the Resolutions which, upon Thursday last, House, in the next Session of Parliament, for the spe-were reported from the Committee of the whole House, cific Purposes stated in their said Petition, and no other, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which this House will deem General Notices of such intended was made from the Committee, who were appointed to Application, inserted in The London Gazette, and the examine the Matters contained in the several Papers, different County Newspapers (as directed by the first which were presented to the House upon the 21st Day Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) and given at of February last, relative to the Distilleries in different the different Quarter Sessiops of the Peace in the Man *

Parts of Scotland, and which, on Friday last, were agreed ner therein dire died, to be sufficient Notice to all Per-to by the House, That they do make Provision in the fons concerned; and that the Maps or Plans, with the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and Books of-Reference, which have been delivered to the agreed to by the House. " several Clerks of the Peace (in pursuance of the Third

Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) shall be A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. deemed sufficient, without again delivering such Maps Pepys: and Books.

Mr. Speaker, Resolved, That all Persons concerned in Interest, who

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have been applied to, and have given their Consent to the better Government and Regulation of the Free the Bill, which was depending in this House in the Sef-Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, at Shrewf- fidn Parliament preceding the last, for making Wet bury, in the County of Salop; to which the Lords desire Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater the Concurrence of this House. Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce,

And then the Messengers withdrew, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making

t And the said Bill was read the First Time, a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second, Time, in Wapp shall be considered as conferring to such

Bill as may be brought in upon the like Petition, for The House being informed of a Mistake in the Ac- the Purposes mentioned in the last Resolution, and no count of the Number of Barrels of Herrings exported other unless they shall personally attend the Commit-from the several Ports of England in the following Pe- tee, to whom such Bill may be committed, and ex-riods, viz. in the Nine Years preceding the 5th Ja- press their Diflent, or shall give Certificates in Writing, nuary 1771, in the Sixteen Years preceding the 5th or other Evidence, of their Diflent, to be proved to the January 1787, and in the Ten Years preceding the ijth Satisfaction of such Committee,

Vol. 53, - Qrdcrqd,

68o 18 Junii.1798.

Report Way Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the and Mean . whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed , him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Exchequer Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, BiKVote That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring jn, the fame.

Report on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

stunp Dutie . wh0ie House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties on Ramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Refactions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr . Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this Bin to amend present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, until the First Day of One thousand ordered. 1

" Eight hundred., and until the End of the then next 1 " Session of Parliament, and amend, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or " resident therein, in certain Cafes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Bill to prefurther Confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually France, &c. to prevent Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from deferre<1 voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or other Countries not in Amity with His Majesty, during the War, and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies, was committed, be tiow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now charged on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in respect of any Matter or Thing ingrafted,

printed, or written thereon, shall be charged on every other Material, of what Nature or Kind soever, on which any of the said Matters or Things shall be ingrafted, printed, or written.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Pro-x ' perty, from Loss by Fire, should be exempted from the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for granting an additional Stamp Duty on Deeds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report 00 Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, " Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," as relates to the Duties upon Male Servants, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was-read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient the Duties on Male Servants, granted by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, mould be extended to Waiters in Taverns, Coffee Houses, Inns, Alehouses, or any other Houses licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or othfcr Liquors, by Retail (except occasional Waiters).

5

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Bill to exempt the Report from the Committee of the whole House, laities from to whom the Bill to exempt Annuities granted upon Registry, a , the 31st Day of October 1776, or between that Day fcirtd and the 20th Day previous to the 16th Day of May 1777, from the Operation of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities,

" and for the better Protection of Infants against such " Grants," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received To- morrow Morning. 1

Sir William Mordaunt Milner reported from the Committee, t<? whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, reportedTwith intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange Amendment , made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Kirk Deighton and Thomas Thornton, Esquire, of Part of his Glebe Lands, for other Lands there the Property of the said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector, and his Successors, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz-

Pr. 8. 1. 17. Leave out " Three Roods" and insert " One Rood."

1. 18. Leave out "Thirteen" and insert " Thirty-five.",

Pr. 9. 1. 27. Leave out " Two" and insert Three,"

Pr. 10.

Assessed Taxes, &c. Exchequer Sills Bill, ordered.

Committee of Ways and Means,

Bill to amend Act re (pelting Aliens, pre fented.

Bill for transferring the Salt Duties to the Excise, deferred.

Bill to amend A fie fled Taxes A6>, read the Third Time.

38 Geo. III. 18 0 Jumi.681

Pr. 10. 1. 29. Leave out First" and insert " Twenty-fifth," and leave out " May" and insert " July."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trealuary to ifl'ue Exchequer Bills, ito a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and all'o on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. , and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

N

" and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War/ *

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Duties to be paid by Theatres and other Places of Public Entertainment,

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for Pro Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better Trade) defer Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for red. granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee ou to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, >pfiucl ?i~i. upon the Bill to authorize Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions, by J

"Way of Annuities," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, until the First Day of August One thousand " Eight hundred, and until the End of the then next " Session of Parliament, and amend, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, " or resident therein, in certain Caf s:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a, Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid

Vol. 53.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Additional Reading of the Bill for raising an additional Sum of gf1J:she<l1uer Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service committed, of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Customs of-Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for abolishing cer- ficts tain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain 1)3116 other Offices therein, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund, be now read

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Thicd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

8 L Ordered,

Taxed Cart Duty Bill, deferred.

Petition of Mr. Strud-wick against the Bill to exr empt certain Annuities from Regifby.

Supply, deferred.

Bill to limit the trading for Slaves, put off for Two Months.

683

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duly on Taxed Carts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of George Lucas , Esquire, was

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to exempt Annuities granted upon the 31st Day of October 1776, or between that Day and the

20th Day previous to the 16th Day of May 1777, from the Operation of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, " and for the better Protection of Infants against such " Grants;" and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1776, granted an Annuity of £.400 a Year for his own Life to John Peter Blacquire, Esquire, for the Price of £. 2,400, for securing which the Petitioner executed a Bond and Warrant of Attorney for con-feffing Judgment thereon, and also demised certain his Estates to Trustees for Ninety-nine Years; and that, in the Course of the Year 1779, the Possession of all the said Estates was recovered from the Petitioner in certain Actions of Trespass and Ejectment, in Consequence of which he has been deprived of the Pofiession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Premifies ever since, during which Time the Money advanced to the Petitioner, and Interest, has been very greatly overpaid; and that the Petitioner, being advised the said Annuity was defective for Want of a due Compliance with the said Act of the Seventeenth of His present Majesty, in or about the Month of 1796, and since that Time, instituted several Proceedings at Law and in Equity , to set aside the fame, which are still depending, and in the Prosecution of which the Petitioner has incurred an Expence of near 300, but is advised, and believes, he shall ultimately succeed therein, and expected fd to have done, had not the same been delayed by the said Annuitant, but which Relief he shall be deprived of, if the said Bill pafles into a Law: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law in its present Form, and that he may be heard, by himself. Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his Interest, and may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself. Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks' fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve-itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A. 1798.

Martis, 190;

Anno 38" Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Hoolboom, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wigley,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Brodum, Doctor of Physic, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Sloaue, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Holzvhede, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Kirk Deighton and Thomas Thornton, Esquire, oY Part of his Glebe Lands, for other Lands there the Property of the said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently fit«-ated for the said Rector, and his Successors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Mordaunt Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame; with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exempt Annuities granted upon the 31st Day of October 1776, or between that Day and the 20th Day previous to the 16th Day of May 1777, from the Operation of an Act, pafi'ed in- the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and " for the better Protection of Infants against such " Grants," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive, continue, and amend, an Act, pafi'ed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a " limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland;" and for ranting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on pirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

18° — 190 Junii.

HoolboonTs Nat. Bill, committed.

Brodum's Nat. Bill, committed.

Holwhede's Nat. Bill, committed.

Thornton's Estate Bill, passed.

Bill to exempt

certain Annuities from Registry, deferred.

Bill to amend Scotch Distil-lery A&, presented.

Vote nf Credit Bill, presented.

Petition for Provision ia Liverpool Defence Bill.

r

38 Geo. III. 1 o° JurtiL 683

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Ul'es and Purposes therein mentioned; And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of the Town and Port of Liver pool, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is now depending in the House for raising a sufficient Sum of Money for providing suitable and adequate Floating Batteries, and other Works, with Gun Boats, for the better Defence of the Town and Port of Liverpool, by a Rate on the Parish of Liverpool, as to one Moiety, and by a Voluntary Contribution from the Corporate Fund of the said Town, and the Diffintt Fund of the Docks of the said Port, as to the other Moiety; and that the Clause in the said Bill, for raising the said Parish Rate, enadls that the , same Rate shall be made upon l'uch Inhabitants and Property as are by Law rateable for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners, being Inhabitants of the said Parish, have always paid the Assessment laid on their Stock in Trade for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, but of late a new and diRinift Assessment, in reipett of such Poors Rate, has been laid upon the Ships and Vessels of the Petitioners, as well as upon, and diAindlly from, their Stock in Trade; and that this Act'dfment on Ships or Vessels being of a new and extraordinary Nature, and such as never, since the first Act for Relief of the Poor passed irt the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, was heard of, or attempted, until the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and being also an Assessment on a Property of the most precarious and uncertain Nature which can be conceived, namely, on a Property almost perpetually floating at Sea, and liable to innumerable Losses and Accidents; and having also the Effect of laying a double Tax on the Petitioners, by taxing the Freight of such Ships, which forms Part of the aggregate Value of the Stock of the Petitioners already taxed; and that the Petitioners for these Reasons, and independently of another Question now existing between the Petitioners and the said Parish, Whether or not any Part of the said Docks (which Docks are the Place where the Petitioners Ships and Vessels are Rationed) lies within the Parish of Liverpool ? have refiRed the Payment of such Poors Rate on their Shipping, and are now legally con-teRing the Validity of the fame; and that the Petitioners are desirous to contribute, for furthering- the Purposes of the said Bill, the Sum of j£.i,obo, to be laid, assessed, and levied on them, in respect of their Ships and Vessels, by a Tonnage Duty on such Ships and Vessels respectivelyAnd therefore praying, That, as the above very important Question, Whether the Petitioners are or are not liable to be rated to the Relief of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, in respect of their Shipping ? is now ferioully conteRed by them in a legal Way, some Clause or Provision may be contained in the said intended Act (which is merely a temporary one) that nothing therein contained shall be conRrued to extend to charge the Petitioners with the Payment of any Rate, as a Parish Rate, in respect of their said Ships or Vessels; and they further pray, that a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, charging the Petitioners with the Sum of £.1,000 for the Purposes of the said Bill, to be laid, assessed, and levied, on them, in respect of their Ships and Vessels, by a Tonnage- Duty on such Ships and Vessels respectively.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in their General Corporate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the said

Vol. 53.

Town, as TruRees of the Docks there, and the Church wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, to raise Money for the better and more effectual Defence and Security of the Town and Port of Liverpool again A the Invasion of the Enemy, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Inflruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and also on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards: And the same was received; and read the FirA Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to the Stamp Duties, and for extending the Rates and Duties of Stamps now payable on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to all other Materials: And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second- Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, " and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other " Duties in lieu thereofAnd the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-jeRy, the Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be chained on the firR Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townfltend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize Exchequer Bills to be ifl'ued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, " An A<A for raising the

" Sum

Assessed Taxes, Exchequer Bills Billy presentedi

Bill for explaining A (Ell relating to Stamp Duties, presented.

Bill to amend

Servants, Sec. Duties A<El, presented.

Report Wayt ana Means.

Exchequer Bills.

Loan Exchequer Bills Bill, repeated.

Report on Bill to prevent Persons repairing to France, &c. further conii-deretU

Bill to amend Act respecting Aliens, oiumitted.

Committee on Taxed Carts Duty Bill.

Hyde's Estate Bill, reported, and palied.

684 190 Junn. .1798.

* Sum of Seventeen Millions, by Way of Annuities," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had, directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent Persons, being His' Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or other Countries not in Amity with His Majesty, during the War, and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue,

" until the First Day of AOne thousand Eight " hundred, and until the End of the then next Session " of Parliament, and amend, an Act, made in the " Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations " respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Lands at Chorlton Roza and in the County of Lancaster, in the Guardians of John Hyde, Esquire, an Infant, the only Son and Residuary Legatee named in the last Will atidTestament of Nathan Hyde, Esquire, dccealed, in Trust, to contract with Holland Ackers, Esquire, for the Sale of, and to convey the same to him upon the Terms mentioned and specified in a certain

Contract made by the said Nathan Hyde with the said Holland Ackers, and in case the said Holland Ackers shall not be willing to enter into such Contract, then to contract with any other Person or Persons for the Sale of, and to convey the same together, not in Parcels, to such Person or Persons, upon the same or better Terms, was committed.

Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of reace; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Commissioners appointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactured at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Town-ships of Stretford and Hnlrne, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of such Oilers as have been received from any of the Regiments of Militia in Great Britain to extend their

Services to Ireland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday, be now read. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Mef-sage be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Message" into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this Hou e for His most Gracious Message:

' o

To assure His Majesty, that, while we deeply regret that the Machinations of wicked Men should have induced any of His Majesty's Subjects to commit Acts of Rebellion against His Majesty's Government, we, at the same Time, feel the highest Satisfaction that this Occasion has afforded a fresh Proof of the Zeal and Ardour for the Service of their Country, which has ever distinguished the Militia Forces of this Kingdom:

That, conceiving it may be of the utmost Importance for the Protection or His Majesty's loyal Subjects in Ireland, for the speedy and effectual Suppression of the present Rebellion, and for the general Defence of the British Empire, that His Majesty should avail Him-

seif

The Lord have agreed to

Militia Subalterns BilL

Northern

Lighthouses

Bill.

Gold Wares BilL

Crofsford Bridge and Manchester Road Bill, with Amende ments.

Copies of Offers of Militia Regiments, ordered.

King's Mef-sage respecting the Offers of Militia Regiments, considered, and Address thereupon.

The Lords have pail'td

Bill for accepting Otfe of Militia Regiments.

38 Geo. III. 19 — ao0 Junii. 685

self of the voluntary Offers of Service which have been made by several Regiments of Militia, we will immediately enter into the Consideration of such Provisions as may be necessary for enabling His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept of the Services of such Militia Regiments as may with to be employed at this important Conjuncture;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " That, conceiving it may be of the utmost Importance for the Protection of His Majesty's loyal Subjects in,

for the speedy and effectual Suppression of the present Rebellion, and for the general Defence of the " British Empire, that His Majesty should avail Him- self of the voluntary Offers of Service which have " been made by several Regiments of Militia, we will immediately enter into the Consideration of such " Provisions as may be necessary for enabling His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to " accept of the Services of such Militia Regiments " as may wish to be employed at this important Conjuncture."

And the Question being proposed, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

The Houl'c was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of this House, of the 7th Day of March 1774, of His Majesty's Message to this House, on the Subject of the Disturbances in North , might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly;

.. nd the Question being put, That the Words pro posed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, War, |iig

Tellers for the Noes, SirLawPolk} «

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. 1 Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Message:

To assure His Majesty, that, while we deeply regret that the Machinations of wicked Men should have induced, any of His Majesty's Subjects to commit Acts of Rebellion against His Majesty's Government, we at the same Time feel the highest Satisfaction that this Occasion has afforded a fresh Proof of the Zeal and Ardour for the Service of their Country which has «ver distinguished the Militia Forces of this Kingdom:

That, conceiving it may be of the utmost Importance, for the Protection of His Majesty's loyal Subjects in Ireland, for the speedy and effectual Suppression of the present Rebellion, and for the general Defence of the British Empire, that His Majesty should avail Himlelf of the voluntary Offers of Service which have been made by several Regiments of Militia, we will immediately enter into the Consideration of such Provisions as may be necessary for enabling His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept of the Services of such Militia Regiments as may wish to be employed at this important Conjuncture.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as nlay voluntarily oiler themselves to be employed in Voe. S3-

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ajid then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the FirstTimc,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, 'lhat the said Bill be printed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the lieign of King the

First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, " Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cut " ting of Leather,"- be taken into Consideration To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better Execution of an Act of the prellnt Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," be fur ther adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Leans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

And then the House adjourned tilj Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mercurii, 20° die Junii j Anno 38° Georgii IUlU Regis, 179S, Prayers.

A PETITION of the Subscribers, Spirit Dealers in the City of Edinburgh, Leith, and the Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill has been introduced into the House for the Purpose of laying a Duty, inter alid, upon all Stocks of British Spirits in Scotland, a Measure which, they assert, to be altogether unusual and oppressive, and which, from being confined to Scotland, while it is not intended to operate in England, is contrary to the Articles of Union of the Two Kingdoms: And therefore praying, That the House w ill allow the Petitioners to be heard, by Counfei, against such Parts of the aforesaid Bill as affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to revive, continue, and amend an Act, passed in the left Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional " Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the " Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, " for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective LhUnits in Scotland,"

S M ar,d

Bill for accepting Otfbr of Militia Regiments, read,

Consideration of Lords Amendment to Tanner Bill, cLftiTed,

Bill for tranSi ferring the Salt Duties to the Excile, deferred,

Bill to amen4 A (Telfed Taxes A&f deferred.

Bill for Pro, te&ion of Trade, defer red,

Additional Exchequer Bill' Bill, deferred,

Petition of Spirit Dealers in Edinburgh again It the Bill to amend Scotch Distil, lery A&,

Holwhcdc's Nat, Bill, reported, and pa fled.

Brodum's Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

Hoolboom's Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

Xbrds

Amendments

to Crofsford Bridge and Manchester Road Bill, agreed to.

686

20° Junii. A. 1798.

and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in be

read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick , was committed iThat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Brodum, Do<stor of Physic, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had dire<fled him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Ecbert , was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and , to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 11. Leave out "Eighteenth" and insert " Sixth," and, in the same Line, leave out " June and insert

" July."

1. zi. Leave out " Eighteenth" and insert " Sixth," and, in the same Line, leave out " June " and insert " Julyr

Pr. 11. I.24. Leave out " Eighteenth" and insert " Sixth."

1. 25. Leave out " June " and insert

" July."

Pr. 113.1.33. Leave out "Eighteenth" and insert " Sixth."

1. 34. Leave out " June " and insert " July."

And it appearing that the said Amendments were for the Purpose of altering the Day appointed for the Commencement of the Act, which Day, as fixed in the

Bill, when it passed this House, being the 18th Day of June, had elapsed during the Progress of the said Bill in the House of Lords;

The said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom Liverpool Dr-the Bill to enable the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in their General Corporate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the said Town, as Trustees of the Docks there, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, to raise Money for the better and more effectual Defence and Security of the Town and Port of Liverpool against. the Invasion of the Enemy, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of the Town and Port of Liverpool, was referred;. That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That tire said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill Hull be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Kl1110 P" Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) more effectually to repairing to prevent Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from F ranee, voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or other Countries not in Amity with His Majesty, during the War; and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.;.

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 7. After " shall," to insert " during the " Continuance of the War."

Pr. 4. 1. 13. After " Licence," to insert " such " Licence when granted."

1. 23. To leave out from " done" to " in," in 1. 24.

Pr. 5- 1 33 To leave out " had," and insert " commenced" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments werp, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act more effectually to prevent, during the War, Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or any Country or Place united to France, or occupied by the Armies of France, and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Billtoexempt the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exempt Annuities granted upon Registry, put th?'3ift Day of October 1776, or between that Day and Th,e *

the 1 1S'

38 Geo. III.

20° Junii.

687

the 20th Day previous to the 16th Day of May 1777, from the Operation of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the " better Protection of Infants against such Grants," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Three Months,

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second kryAft oml Riding of the Bill to revive, continue, and amend, an mitted.' Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties " on Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a " limited Time; and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in ;" and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Dillillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Subscribers, Spirit Dealers in the City of Edinburgh, Leith, and the Neighbourhood, which was this Day presented to the House, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition oe referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House pill to amend to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Act re (peeling Aliens,

The Lords have agreed t<)

Isle of Mai Bill.

Edinburgh Two Ptnniei Scots Bill.

St. Philip ai}4 Jacob and bt. George, (Gloucester) Poor, See. Bill, with Amend' men s,

Vote of Credit Bill, committed.

upon the Bill to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the " First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred, " and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend, an Act, made in the Thirty-third " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens " arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cales," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Lies and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Vol. 53.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. , "

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Ijleof Man; for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, for Thirty-eight Years, the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edirr burgh, and Places adjacent, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for separating the Two Parishes, called The Out . Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob and The Parish of Saint

George, in the County of Gloucester, as to the Maintenance of the Poor, and the Repairs of the Highways, of those Parishes, and as to all Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax, and for providing 9 Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then th? Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second £ ed&c Reading of the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners Exche un-" of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to Bills Bill, a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as C0I'imineih shall aril'e by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and also on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of Ships en< tering outwards or inwards, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-, tee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bi'l for ex-Reading of the Bill for explaining and amending cer- rebt'imf to ? tain Acts relating to the Stamp Duties, and for extend- Stamp Dutic.-„ ing the Rates and Duties of Stamps now payable on coinmmc'4r Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to all other Materials, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be cornmitted to a Commit-, tee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hous<h upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill 10 Reading of the Bill to {intend an Act of the present Euti« a ' - Seftion fommjtiy-j,'

Loan Exchequer Bills Bill, passed.

Bill for transferring the Salt Duties to the Excii'e, passed,

688 209 Juniu . 1798.

Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repeal- ing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, " Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty " other Duties in lieu thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to authorize Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of " Seventeen Millions, by Way of Annuities," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refalved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions, by Way 1 of Annuities."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for providing Places for de-pofiting Salt free of Duty for curing Fish.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for permitting Rock Salt to be imported into One Place in Scotland for a limited Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[Mr. tyer, j 36.

!Sir Matthew White -1 ley, > 31.

Lord Viscount r J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till this Day Sevennight;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And the said Clause was also, with Leave of the House, withdrawn,.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Price of Salt.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill tire said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee, t

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported frorq the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause tvas read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for permitting foul Fishery Salt to be used for manuring Land.

And the said Clause was brought upland Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart' reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: YVhere the1 Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was ode red to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring, that Rock Salt shall not be refined at unlicensed Works.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

k

38 Geo. III.

o

20 Jurat.

689

Copies of Offers of Militia Regiments, presented.

Refo/ved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,-to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the ' Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Charles Spencer, Colonel of the Oxfordshire Regiment of Militia, to His Royal Highness the Duke of York, dated Ipswich, 18th June x 798; with One Inclosure: And also. Copy of a Letter from Major Edwards, of the Royal Carnarvon Regiment of Militia, to His Royal Highness Field Marshal the Duke of York, dated Fareham Barracks, 18th June 1798: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the Honourable Arthur-Paget commanding the Anglesea Militia, to Colonel rigg, dated Uxbridge House, 18th June 1798: And also. Copy of a Letter from the Marquis of Buckingham, Colonel of the Royal Bucks (or King's own) Regiment erf" Militia, to His Royal Highness the Duke of York, dated Old Barracks, Chelmsford, 12th June 1798; with One, Inclosure: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel Braddyll, of the Royal Lancashire Regiment of Militia, and commanding the Western Battalion of Grenadiers, to Colonel Brownrigg, dated Maker Heights, 16th June 1798; with One Inclosure: And also,

Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Rutland, Colonel of the Leicestershire Militia, to Colonel Brownrigg, dated 18th June 1798 j with One Inclosure: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Major Hawkins, of the wickshire Militia, to the Marquis of Hertford, dated Chelmsford, 12th June 1798: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Colonel croft, of the Carmarthenshire Regiment of Militia, to Lieutenant General Grinfield, commanding the North \Yeft District, dated Liverpool, 18th June 1798. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill forac- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for t hr Second of Mii?ria CrS Readin& 1C ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Regiments, An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a -Time and cpmuiinoi. VoL. 53.

to an Extent to be. limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House diveded.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Lord Viscount ,7

1 eilers for the 1 eas, j Mf: J 43‘

Tellers for the Noes, j

II.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ‘

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Viscount Belgrave took the Chair of the Comr mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Viscount Belgrave reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " Tomorrow Morning."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be'now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from Lord Rivers, Colonel of the Dorsetshire Militia, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Stratfieldfay, June 14th 1798, 11 at Night; with an Inclosure.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow Rock Salt to be refined and made at One Place in North Britain: And that Mr. Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Fit!larton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King the

First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers. Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the " Cutting of Leather," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

8 N Mr.

Confi tiered, and reporttd *

pafTe<L

Copy of Offer of Dorsetshire Militia, presented.

Bill relating to Rock Salr, ordered.

Con (i deration of Lords Amendment to Tanner Bill, deferred.

Exchequer Bills, Three Million Bill, presented.

Royal AiTent to Bills.

690 ' ao° — 2

Mr. Role presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills: And the same was received.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Torty Members not being present,- and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a QuestionTirft put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 21° die Junii;

Anno 38 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis , Gentleman

Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, to desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, »yth the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl of Chesterfield, and the Earl Sp, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein Rated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns:

An Act for regulating the Payment, until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after the End of the present War, of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace, and for granting to His Majesty additional Duties thereon:

An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in

Ireland:

An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend, an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter One Hundred and Six, videlicet, on the

9

0 Junii. A. 1798.

Eighteenth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, for regulating the Allowance of the Drawbacks and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the " several Matters therein mentioned, and for better " securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by " Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain " Courts of Justice in Great Britain," as imposes a Duty on Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates to perform the Office of Curate in any-Church or Chapel: An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coachmakers, Auctioneers, Beer and Cyder exported. Certificates and Debentures, Stamps on Hides and Skins, Drawbacks on Wines and Sweets, and AJe and Beer Licences:

An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, licet, on the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, intituled, "An Act " to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of " this Realm from Foreign Countries into Britain " or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond " a certain Sum," and to suspend the coining of Silver:

An Act for allowing Gold Wares to be manufactureed ' at a Standard lower than is now allowed by Law:

An Act to prevent the Exportation of bale Coin to His Majesty's Colonies in the and America:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth pay of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight:

An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers, and other Officers of Militia, and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom:

An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace:

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms:

An Act to continue, until the First Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and " amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the " British Fifljeries

An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries:

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the lfie of Man-, for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island:

An Act for obviating and removing Doubts respecting the holding of the Adjournments of the General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to hold an Annual General Sessions, and also a Special Sessions, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Abuses and Frauds in the Packing, Weight, and " Sale of Butter, and to repeal certain Acts relating " thereto

An

38 Geo. III. 210 Junii.

An Act for amending an Act, made in the Iaft Sef- Skeme, fion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend, and ham. Little Kelk, , Burton-Agnes, Lijjet,

" render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirty- B, Ulram otherwise " first-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Beeford, North

" George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and " making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and S Hill, all in the East Riding of the County " Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall of Fork:

" adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," so far as the same An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act,

" relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold passed in the Thirty-sixth , Year of the Reign of His . " in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a " within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within " Bridge over the River Jtchiti, at or near Norlham,

" Ten Miles of The Royal Exchanged' " within the Liberties of the Town and County of the

An Act for preventing the depasturing of Forests, " Town of Southampton, and for making a Road from Cofnmons, and Open Fields, with Sheep or Lambs in- " the said Town to the said Bridge, and from thence fedled with the Scab or Mange, in that Part of Great " to communicate with the Road leading from West Britain called England: ( " End to Botley, in the County of Southampton

An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the King- from thence to the End of the then next Session of dom, during the present War: Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of

An Act for incorporating the Commissioners ap- Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-ninth pointed for erecting certain Lighthouses in the North- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the ern Parts of Great Britain: Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, and keeplighting, and regulating, the Streets, and other public ing in Repair, the Roads leading from a Place called Passages and Places, within the Borough of Malmef- Friar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top bury, in the County of Wilts, and the Avenues leading of Hincksey Hill to Hill Gate, in the Road

into the fame, and for removing and preventing Nui- leading to in the County of Berks, so far

fences. Annoyances, and Obstrudions therein: as the same relate to The Oxford District of the said

An Act for making and maintaining a new Sewer Upon Roads therein mentioned:

Little Tower Hill, within the County of Middlesex: An Act for more effectually repairing, widening.

An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers and improving, the Roa<j from Tetbury, in the County of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to the of His present MajAy, intituled, "An Act for widen- Churchway in Lower Stanton Field, in the County of " ing and improving the Entrance into the City of Wilts, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from " London, near Temple Bar; for making a more com- Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton aforesaid, and from " modious Street or Passage at Snow Hill;and for Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at or near Jack aments " raising, on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund, a Sum Bottom, in the said County of Gloucester, and also the " of Money for those Purposes:" Road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to

An Act to empower Magistrates and Justices of the 'Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road at A cl on Peace, in setting the Assize of Bread, to make an Al- and also from Sherstone to the Turnpike Road

lowance on Account of the additional Duty on Salt: leading from Tetbury to Bath, and for making, main-

An Act for authorizing the Trustees, therein named, taming, widening, and improving, several other Roads to raise Money by Rates or. Assessments, within the communicating the rewith:

Parish of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, for the better from thence to the End of the then next Session of and more effectually discharging Annuities, heretofore Parliament, and rendering more effectual, several Acts granted to certain Persons' who have advanced Money for repairing the Road from The Golden Farmer, near towards repairing the Church belonging to the said Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Parish: Hill, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to

An Act for continuing, until the First Day of June Bafngstoke and both in the said County of

One thousand Eight hundred and Twelve, and from Southariipton; and for repairing and widening the Road thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- from the Southern Extremity of liament, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Lane, near Odiham aforesaid, over Northwarnborough Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and , Hook Common, and Bartley Heath, and through

Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf the Parishes of and

Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties to a Place called The Bull Inn, in the Parish of Swal-thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Holt, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town

in the County of Middlesex t of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Bafngstoke

An Act tox encouraging the Art of making new aforesaid:

Models and Calls of Bulls, and other Things therein An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the mentioned: . Will of Sir Edward Lloyd, Baronet, in Trustees, to be

An Act for further continuing, for Thirty-eight fold, and for laying out the Money to ariie by such Years, the Term granted by an Act, of the Twenty- Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, fifth Year of the Reign of bislate Majesty King1 George under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to the the Second, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies same Ul'es, and for other Purposes:

-Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the An Act to confirm the Renunciation and Relcafe of -City of Edinburgh, and Places adjacent, for the Pur- James Gordon, Esquire, as one of the Devisees, in Trull, poses therein mentioned, and for explaining and amend- of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, deceased, and to give ing the said Act: Powers of Sale, and Exchange over the settled and de-

An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the vised Estates late of the /laid Samuel and

Low Grounds and Carrs, lying in the several Parishes, Power of changing and appointing new Trustees of the

Lordships, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, and Ter- same Estates, and also Power of granting Building . ritories, of Beverley, Saint John of Beverley, Grovehill, Leases of certain Parts thereof:

; Sand holme, StorkhilI, Mo/efcrcft, Leckonfield, Arram, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon the settled Scorbrough, Lockington, Ayke, Hcjwick, Wilfholme. Kiln- Estates of Le Genare Pierce Starkie, Esquire, and ap-

wick, Watt on, Hutton-Cranswick, Rotfea, Featherholme, plying the Money to ariie therefrom in the Purchase

Vol. 53. of '

o cv

21 Junu.

A. 1798.

of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and allowing Conveyances in Fee, and Leases for long Terms of Years, to be made of Part of such settled Estates, for the Purpose of Building:

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir Mot'daunt, deceased, in

the Right Honourable Charles Henry Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth, in lieu of other Estates settled to the Uses of the said Will:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Thurcaston, 'in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds and Places, within the Parish of Swfth/and, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Mavis Enderby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and allotting, in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within, or belonging to, the Parish of Sutton , in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Mesne Inc ofures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of in

the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Long Stow, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parish of Stone, in the county of,

called Stone Field, and The Sandpits:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Parcel or Tract of Commonable Ground, formerly Part of Queen or Little Sedgmoor, in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in Glastonbury, and also certain Parcels of Waste Land in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Saint Benedibl, in Glastonbury, all in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the . Parish of Caddington, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Land, Commons, Heaths, and Waste Groifnds, within the Parish of Swaff-ham Bulbeck, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, inclosing, and " draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen " Lands, within the Manor and Parish of War boys, in the County of Huntingdo as relates to the Lands or Grounds thereby directed to be set out and allotted in lieu of Tythes:

An Act for naturalizing Carl Friedrich Giefler.

Exchequer A Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Milhoif Buf, Loans or Exchequer Bills, was read the First Time, read. ' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for Pro- Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for the bet-Trallf1 °afled cr Prote' ‘on of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for c'p ' granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage

Pr.

11.

1. 27.

1. 11. 1. 27. 1. 29.

Pr. 18.

Pr. 22.

L 45-

1. 47.

1. 1.

1. 32.

of all Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill -, viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 20. After " Vessel" to insert " or to " any Ship or Vessel bound to or " from any Port or Place within " the Kingdom of Ireland, or to " any Ship or Vessel."

After " "to insert " or the

" Hudson's Bay Company."

Leave out the Line.

After " Af" toinlert "or Act a." To leave out from " Eight" to " And," in Pr. 12. 1. 1.

Pr. 17. 1. 44. After " imported" to insert Sugar " imported from any Part of the " United States of America, and " warehoused. Sugar having been " so imported and warehoused,

" exported from such Warehouse."

After " Nutmegs" to insert " Fu s " and Skins."

After " Plantation" to insert " in " America."

After " Tobacco" to insert "Sugar." After " I" to insert " or any " Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

" imported from, or exported to " Hudson's Bay, by tire Hudson's " Bay Company."

Pr. 42. 1. 22. To leave out " Five Pence Halfpenny" and insert " One Penny" instead thereof.

Pr. 43. 1. 10. After " Six Pence" to insert " Cotton Wool, of the Growth or " Production of any Part of the " United States of America, the " Hundred Pounds, Six Shillings ‘ and Six Pence. "

1. 25. To leave out from " except" to the End of Line 27.

Pr. 44. 1. 30. To leave out " such Goods" and insert " it" instead thereof.

1. 36. To leave out " such Goods" and insert " it" instead thereof.

Pr. 45. 1. 10. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Line 17.

1. 21. To leave out " to Ireland," and insert, " in Cafes where, by any " special Provision in this Act,

" such Sugar is exempt from this " Duty," instead thereof.

1. a6. To leave out " to ,"and in-

fert " in Cafes whfte, by any special Provision in this Act, such " Sugar is exempt from this " Duty," instead thereof.

1. 27. To leave out " to ," and in-

fert " in Cafes where, by any spe«

" cial Provision in this Act, such " Sugar is exempt from this " Duty," instead thereof.

1. 33. After " imposed" to insert " exported," and to leave out from " Europe" to " for," in Line 34.

Pr. 46. 1. 5. After " imposed" to insert " exported."

1. 26. To leave out " to ," and insert " in Cafes where, by any spe-".cial Provision in this Act, such Sugar is exempt from this " Duty," instead thereof.

Pr. 47.

Bill for Regulation of Pro visional Cavalry, defer-' red.

Bill to amend Act respe&« ing Aliens, pUfed *

Lords

Amendment to Tanners Bill, put off for Three lonths.

Order for Committee on Bill to amend Scotch Distil-)pry A#> read.

38 Geo. III. <n9 Junii,

Pr,47. 1. 14. To leave out " Six Pence." " Scotland, therein particularly described, for« limited

I. 18. To leave out " Six Pence." " Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries

1. 33. To leave out " Two Shillings" and in the respective Distrlds in Scotland" and for grants insert " One Shilling" instead ing to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits thereof. , distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted

' 1. 48, "To leave out " Two Shillings" and Grain used in Distillation in and f<5r altering'

insert One Shilling " instead and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the thereof. Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, be now read,

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question And the said Order- being read accordingly; severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and A Petition of Melfrs. Haig and James Haig, the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, on Behalf of themselves and the other licensed Dif- ag.iinft bcotic

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title tillers in the Lowlands of Scotland, was presented to the P>ftiUrryB;iU be. An Act for the hetter Protection of the Trade of House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional under the Faith of an existing Act of Parliament, and Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, a Contract with the Revenue, obtained Licences to and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering out- ered,- keep, and work, certain Stills in for

wards or inwards, to or from Foreign Parts, until she waking Low Wines and Spirits from Barley, Malt, or signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace. other Grain, from the 10th Day of last to the

Ordered,-That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the 10th Day of October next, upon Payment, in Advance,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. every Two Months, of the Sixth Part of the Annual

Dutyofj£. 54 Gallon for each Gallon of the Content ResolvedxThat this House will, upon Saturday Morn- or Capacity of the Stills so licensed, and granting Bond, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole with Security, to continue to make due and regular

House, to consider further of the Bill for the Regula- Payment of the said whole Annual Duty at the Time tion of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by vir- and Times before mentioned, without any Allowance, tuetof Two Acts of the laftSellion of Parliament. Abatement, or Deduction, on Account of Loss, Acci-.

dent, or Interruption, that might happen during the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Currency or Period of such Licence, except as in the Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to amend an Act said Acts is excepted; and that, as the Distillers in the of the present Session of Parliament,-intituled, "An Highlands of Scotland were only paying £ 9 in one w Ad to continue, "until the First Day of AugufiOne District, and £. 6. ioj. in another, per- Gallon, upon " thousand Eight hundred, and until the End of the the Content of the Stills used by £hem, of course they " then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, soon-engrafted the Lowland Market, while t'-e Petimade in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His tioners dead Stock of Spirits, pledged with the R'evepresent Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing nue for Security of Duties which they were unab(e to " Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this King- pay, was daily increasing; but, the Petitioners were " dom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," be now allured, that some immediate Relief, against the High-read. - land Exemption, would be granted, and a Committee

And the said Order being read accordingly; of the House was appointed to investigate the Business,

The said Bill was read the Third Time. and report their Opinion thereon; and that a tempo-

Resolved, That the Bill do pals 1 And that the Title rary Bill is brought into Parliament, without any pre-be, An Act to amend an Act of the present Session of vious-Notice to the Petitioners, for Payment of is. 6 d.

Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the per Gallon upon all Spirits in the Custody of the PetiFirst Day of August One thousand Eight hundred, tioners, which they made and manufactured upon the " and until the End of the then next Session of Par- Faith of their Standing Contract with Government,

" liament, and amend an Act, made in the Thirty- upon which all the Licence Duties have already been " third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- paid in Advance, as well as for what the Petitioners " tituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respect- may make during the current Two Months, to the " ing Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident 10th of August next, and that this new Duty on the " therein, in certain Cafes," Spirits, in Stock, has the Appearance of a general Tax,

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the but it chiefly affects the Petitioners, whose Stocks have Bill to, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. arisen in a very great Degree from the Abuse of the High-

land Exemption, the Proprietors whereof have very little Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into or any Stocks of Spirits, and which is also the same with Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the W eft Country Distillers, who, from better Information the Bill, intituled, An Act to artiend an Act, made in than the Petitioners, have some how or other got their the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, Spirits fold or removed, so as to get almost free of this intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoe- new Duty; and that, by the Bill- now brought in, the " makers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting whole System, under which the Petitioners contracted " of Leather," be now read, ' with the Public and were licensed, is also proposed to

And the said Order being read accordingly; be altered during the Currency of that Contract and

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment Licence, by introducing an additional Survey, and ijew s

into Consideration. Duties upon Spirits to be made, as well as a Duty on

And the said Amendment was Once read; and is as the raw Grain to be used in Distillation of such Spjrits, followeth; viz. N in contradiction to the Bounty given for the Corn

Pr. z. 1. 14. Leave out from " Ad" to the End used in Distillation for Foreign Parts; and that, in Ad-of the Bill, dition to all these Clauses, there is another, obliging

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into the Petitioners to discover the most important Secrets further Consideration upon this Day Three Months. of their Manufacture, acquired at a great Expence,

and by long Experience, by specifying the reaped ivp Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Houfp Proportions of Malt and raw Grains used a1 every to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Maihing, a Discovery which the English Distillers rc-upon the Bill to revive, continue, and amend an Act, fused to make when questioned by the Committee % passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An and which, as being lawful Secrets, the Committee "Ad for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on were unanimously of Opinion these L)iftillers were not " Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of bound to answer; and that, if the said Bill should pass \ol. 43' ~ 8 Q jntq

94

a I Junti.

A. 1798.

into Law in its present Shape, it will materially affeH the Interest of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, to allow them to be heard, by themselves,

or Count'd, at the Bar of the House, against the Principle, Clauses, and Regulations, of the said Bill, and . that the same should not pass into Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and tljat the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Bill cpnfider. Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobqrttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel in Behalf of the Petition of the Spirit Dealers in the City of , Leith, and the

Neighbourhood, and also, of the Petition of the Li-cenled Distillers, in the Lowlands of Scotland; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, 'and aiadc several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the'House will please. to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ' ,

Liverpool The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Ddrace Bill, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the ee J Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of

pool, in the County Palatine of in their General Corporate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen, -Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the said Town, as Trustees of the Docks there, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool to raise Money for the better and more effectual Defence and Security of the Town and Port of Liverpool <against the Ipvalion of the Enemy;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Vote of Credit The Order of the Day being read, for the House tq Bill, deferred, ygfpjyg itself into a Committee of the whole House, ppon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum ' of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Tajc«C<&c a Committee Qf the whole House, upon the Bill to Ewhc'<juer enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treats Kill. fury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and also on. such Rate? and Duties as may be granted by any AH of this Session, for the better Protection- of the Trade this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and oh the Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Me. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mocrow Morning.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for relatin'/to explaining and amending certain AHs relating to the stamp Dutie . Stamp Duties, and for extending the Rat52 and Duties

5 . '

of Stamps now payable on YeHom, Parchment, and

Paper, to all other Materials.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bil|, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report b received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, To-raorrow Mom- Taxed Can ing, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, tocQnfider further of the Bill for granting to His. Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resume Bill toamend the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the Taxes Act, ingrossed Bill for the better Execution of an Act of tht parted, present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for "granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution " for the Prosecution of die War." .

The House accordingly resumed the said Proceeding,

And the ingrossed Clause before offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Duties to be paid by Theatres and other Places of Public Entertainment, was read a Second Time, and amended.

And the said Clause being read the Third Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 7. 1, 14. After " payable" to insert 4 or any " Thing in the said Acts contained,

" or either of them."-

1, 1 e, After " Assessment" to insert " made " or."

1. 19. . After " fame" to insert "by the said " AHs, or any Thing therein contained."

I, 24.After " repealed" to insert " or any . " Thing in the said Acts contained,

" or either of them."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Q.ueftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution " for the Prosecution of the War."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee o itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Ex< equet Bill forraifingan additional Sum of Money, by Loans Bill Ml, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee on to refojve itself into a Committee of the whole House, serlants" &c!

Upon Duties Act.

v#

v

38 Geo. III. 210 — 22

' upon the Bill to amend an Act of the present Session Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the w Dufies upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules,

« and: Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Dui u ties in lieu thereof;" -

The House was moved. That the Eleventh Resolution which, upon the 20th Day of lad, was re-

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which, upon the 27th Day of February lad, was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Clocks " and Watches," and who were initrufted also toconfider of the several Duties on Inhabited Hoqfes, Windows or Lights, Servants, Horses, Carriages, Horses tried in Husbandry, and Dogs, might be read,

And the fam.e was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

' " Resolved, That there be charged upon every Male Pferson, never having been married, who shall retain " or employ any Male Servant or Servants, within the Kingdom of Great Britain (except as before excepted) the additional Yearly Sum of One Pound and Ten Shillings for every Male Servant retained or employed " by him,"

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting " to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read,

And the same being read accordingly;

Jnftmction. , Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the faIcf Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in, the said Bill, for obviating any Doubts whether the Duties, imposed by the said Act on Male Persons never having been married ip respect of their Servants, are to be charged.in Addition to any other Duties to which such Persons may be liable in respect of such Servants. -Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. . 1

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Bill relating Mr. Rose presented to the House, according tp Order, e tecL a Bill to allow Rock Salt to be refined and made at Maryburgh, in the County of Ayr: And the same was received.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members, were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then ' after Four of the Clock;

Juniu

Veneris, 2 2° die Junti;

Anno 3&0 Georgia m,a Regis, 1798,

Prayers,

i‘IRDBRED; That the Order of the Day, for th© Liverpool Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to enable the Bl *

Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of - '

fool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in their General Corporate Capacity, and the Mayor, Aldermen,

Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the said Town, as Trustees of the Docks there, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Pai isti of , to

raise Money for the better and more effectual Defence and Security of the Town and Port of Liverpool against the Invasion of the Enemy, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The ft, id Bill was read the Third Time.

An ipgrolfed Clause was offered to be added to the,

Rill, by Way of Ryder, Directing that the Works shall be made with, the Approbation of His Majesty, of the Board of Ordnance.

Apd the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Security and Defence of the Town and port of Liverpool,

Ordered, That Mr. John. Pitt do carry the Rill to the \

Lords, anddefire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shrewfcuiy for the better Government and Regulation of the free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, at Shreivf-hury, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill- be committed to Sir William,

Pulteney, Mr, Whitmore, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, Comnittea 09 and proceed upon the said Rill, Tomorrow Morning-

Mr. Hft art, according to Order, reported from the Additional Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for 3 tailing an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- reported,' chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to th©

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Oncq read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One} and; upon the Question feyerally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in gtoffed, '

_ __ - ,. , _ , Mr. Hobartx according to Order, reported from the Bill to aniap4

The House was adjourned by Mr, Speaker, without Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Scotch piftiu j a Question first putj till To-JTlorrow M°ming, peviye, continue, and amend an Act, passed in the last

Ten of th? Cloclc, Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for grant?

<1 ing to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries,

" in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland,

* therein particularly described, lor a limited Time;

" and for regulating the Duties of Distilleries in the respective Distriftsin Scotland ft and for granting to Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits dilliL led for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain - lifed ip Piftillation iq Scotland, and for altering and

* amending certain other Acts of Parliament for thej

yon- 53. Rogulation

696

22° Jttnii.

A. 1798.

- Bill relating to Rock Salt, withdrawn.

Bill to amend Servants, &c. Duties A#, repotted.

Bifl for explaining Acts

/elating to Stamp Duties, reported.

Alfcffod Taxes, &c. Exchequer Bills BUI, reported.

Regulation of Distilleries in was committed,

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thenva Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Notice being taken that the Title of the Bill to allow Rock Salt to be refined and made at in the County of Ayr, varied from the Order for preparing, and bringing in, the lame;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to iftnend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male "Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and " for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment', be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the &id Bill shall be then ingrossed.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tormorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. /

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to allow Rock Salt to be refined and made at One Place in North Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro posed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning," and interting the Words " upon this Day " Three Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tomorrow Morning" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers f6r the Yeas, { .

Tellers for the Noes, {»£;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put; . '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

.Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for raising the Sum of Three pillions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

35'

24.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to the'

Stamp Duties, and for extending the Rates and Duties of Stamps now payable on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to all other Materials, was committed, the Amendments which- the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the turn of the King's Troops employed in the late Expedi-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- tion in the Neighbourhood of OJlend. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re-the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once turn of tire Officers and Men, distinguishing their reatj throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Regiments and Corps, who returned from that Expe-One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, dition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re-

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,. be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said BUI be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and also on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported,' and on the Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards, was committed, the Amendments which the

Bill relating to Rock Sait, presented.

Exchequer Bills, Three Million Bill, committed.

Returns relative to the Expedition to Ofield, ordered.

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had on Saturday Morning;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That whenever this House is called upon to vote Supplies of Men, or Money, to be provided by Levies and Taxes on our Constituents, it is our Right and Duty to watch over and controul the Purposes to which they are tb be applied;

» A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

f Mr. Grant,

Tellers for the Yeas, < Sir Charles William t Rouse:

f Lord George Augnjlus Tellers for the Noes, < H } 66.

t Lord John So it was resolved in the Aflirmative.

And the same being read accordingly;

And it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock

Other Orders of the Da/ read.

Resolved,

Vote of Credit Bill, deferred.

Taxed Carts Duty Bill, deferred *

floufe resolves to adjourn.

Petitions of Mr. Stuckey and Mr. Bridge, against the Bill relating to Rock §alt.

38 Geo. III.

22° — 2 30

697

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox have Leave to m ke a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Question being proposed. That this House, understanding it to be Matter of public Notoriety, that the Syfteni of Coercion has been enforced in with a Rigour shocking to Humanity, and particularly that Scourges and other Tortures have been employed for the Purpose of extorting Confession, a PVactiee justly held in Abhorrence in every civilized Part of the World, is of Opinion that an immediate Stop should be put to Practices so disgraceful to the British Name;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

| Mr. Saint John, 7 ' I Mr. George Walpole:

62.

And the House accordingly adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Sabbati, 230 die Junii;

Anno 38 Georgii III‘H Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A PETITION of Samuel of in

the County of Somerset, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to allow Rock Salt to be refined and made at One Place in North Britain; and Setting forth, That, by the Laws now in Force, Rock Salt is prohibited from being refined in Scotland, or any other Place except those expressly mentioned in the Acts relative to the Duties on Salt; and that the Petitioner is the Proprietor of a certain Rock Salt Refinery at in the County of Gloucester, and Importer of Rock Salt for certain other Refineries in tire County of Somerset and City of Bristol, and is also Agent for the said Refineries; and that the Petitioner's said Property, and also the said other Refineries, will receive essential Injury if the said Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, against the said Bill, or that he may receive such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Thomas Bridge, of Davenham, in the County of Chester, Salt Proprietor, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, by the Laws jiow in Force, Rock Salt is prohibited from being refined in Scotland, or in any other Places except those ,expressly mentioned in the Acts relative to the Duties on Salt; and that the Petitioner is the Proprietor of Salt Works at Northwich, in the county of,

which Place is particularly mentioned in the said Acts, and is also Agent for certain other Proprietors of Salt Works at Northwich and; and that the

Vol. 53.

Petitioner's said Property, and also the said other Proprietors of Salt Works in Northwich and Middlewich, will receive essential Injury if the said Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, against the said Bill, or that he may receive, such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of jjyf 1! " the Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of ut;on of fvo-Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the lall Ssffion v>r>on- l Ca-of Parliament. Tall7‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Rose reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where thfe Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

Sir William Pulteney reported from the Committee, shrewlbury to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ho ,j An Act for the better Gbvemment and Regulation of Ain«ndmeaw. the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wh'ere the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. I.27. To leave out "laid."

Pr. 6. 1. 7. To leave out " the said" and infeft

" this"1 inllead thereof.

Pr. 11. 1. 19. To leave out " he" and insert " the " said Bishop" inllead thereof.

Pr. 16. 1. 1. To leave out the First " or."

Pr. 19. 1. 16. After " said" to insert " School,"

and to leave out " House" and insert " Houses" inllead thereof.

1. 38. To leave out the Whole of the Lihe, and insert " Universities" inllead thereof.

1. 39. After " Cambridge" to insert " and " Oxford, or either of them."

Pr. ao. 1. 14. To leave out " Mailers" and insert " Mailer" inllead thereof.

Pr. 21. 1. 14. To leave out " Ell?.te" and insert " Ellates" inllead thereof.

1. 24. After the First " in" to insert eie 8 P tjiet

Account relative to Maroons, or-x dered.

Offers of Militia Regiments, presented.

698 23° Junii. A. 1798.

ther of," and to leave out " College of John in the University" in the same Line, and Line 25, and insert " Universities" instead thereof.

Pr. ii. 1. 25. After " of" to insert " and, "

and after " Cambridge" to insert " as the said Governors and Truf-" tees, and the said Lord Bishop of " Litchfield and Coventry for the " Time being shall think fit."

L 38. After " Trustees" to insert " and " the said Lord Bishop of " field and ."

Pr. 22. 1. 16. After " Trustees" to insert " and " the said Lord Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry"

1. 17. I To leave out " the said College" and & > insert " either of the Universities 18. J " as aforesaid." h 24. After "Trustees" to insert " and " the said Lord Bishop for the " Time being."

Pr. 24. I. 1. To leave out " the said" and insert " any" instead thereof, and after ' " College" to insert " in either of

" the said Universities."

Pr. 27. 1. 30. To leave out " whatsoever" and insert " whomsoever" instead thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Sums as have been granted by the Assembly of the Island of Jamaica for the Purpose of settling the Yrelatvney Maroons, and also an Account of the Disbursements of the said Sums.

Mr. Hujkffon presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extract of a Letter received by General Sir William Howe from Colonel Scott, of the late 80th Regiment, commanding the Light Infantry of the Eastern Dlftridt encamped at Little Holland, dated Sunday, 17th June 1798: And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Eufion, Colonel of the West Suffolk Regiment of Militia, to Field Marshal His Royal Highness the Duke of dated 20th June 1798: And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Rolle, Colonel of the' South Devon Regiment of Militia, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Portsmouth, 20th June 1798; with One Inclosure: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Colonel Newport, of the Worcestershire Regiment of Militia, to Colonel Brownrigg, dated Blatchington Barracks, 20th June 1798: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Viscount Bulkeley, Lieutenant Colonel, Commandant of the Regiment

of Militia, to the Right honourable Henry Dundas, dated Stanhope Street, 21 ft June 1798; with Two Inclosures: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Colonel Cotter ell, of the -fordshire Regiment of Militia, to his Grace the Duke of Portland, dated Canterbury, 20th June 1798: And also, Copy of a Letter from Major General Stevens, to Colonel Brozvurigg, dated Winchester, 22d June 1798; in-ciofing a Letter from Colonel Kingsicote, of the North Gloucester Militia: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Captain Delgarno, of the Isle of Wight Militia, to the Right honourable Lord Bolton,

5

Governor of the Isle of Wight, dated Camp, Brooke Green,

22d June 1798: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Colonel of the Royal

South Lincoln Regiment of Militia, to the Right honourable Henry Dundas, dated Colchester Barracks, 2 2d June 1798; with One Inclosure.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The; said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, b;jj. upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be r.n Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, tot."pwiip An Act for separating the Two Parishes, called The Out and Jacob and Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob and The Parish of setter)

George, in the County of Gloucester, as to the Mainte- poor, &c. Bill, nance of the Poor, and the Repairs of the Highways, of agreed, to those Parishes, and as to all Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except the Land Tax, and for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, and fot the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 25. Leave out " other."

Pr. 9. 1.39. After " mentioned" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That

" all Persons who do or shall Hand " seised of the legal Estate of the " said Workhouse, in the said " Out Parish of Philip and " Jacob, and of the Offices and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, shall convey the same unto " the Churchwarden and Overseers of the Poor of the said Out " Parish of Sa Philip and Jacob, " and their Successors the Church-. " warden and Overseers of the

" Poor of the same Parish for ever,

" who

4

Additional Exchequer Bills Bill, polled.

Bill to amend Servants, &c. Duties Act, passed.

j

Bill for explaining Acts relating to Stamp Duties, pailed.

AlTelTed Taxes, &c. Exchequer Bills Bill, passed.

38 Geo. III.

23° Junii.

699

" who are hereby constituted a

" Corporation, in order that they " and their Successors may hold " the same in Succession for ever, " but inTruft nevertheless for the " said Out Parish of Philip " and Jacoby and to the intent that " the same may be used as a Pub-' " lie Workhouse for the Reception and Employment of the " Poor of the same Parish."

Pr. 39. 1. 25. After " dying" insert " removing."

Pr. 59. 1. 23. Leave out " Overseer" and inlert " Overseers."

The said Amendments being fevferally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for raising an additional Sum of Money, 'by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to amend aft Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, " Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That tl e Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, " Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof."

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to the Stamp Duties, and for extending the Rates and Duties of Stamps now payable on Vellum, Parchvnent, and Paper, to all other Materials, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to -the Stamp Duties, and for extending the Rates and Duties of Stamps now payable on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to all other Materials.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords,"and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and also on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of Shims entering outwards or inwards, was, according to OrJIr, read the Third Time.

VOL. 53.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and also on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mt. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Committee oa Exchequer Bills Three Million Bill.

Committee on Taxed Cavu Duty Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Proceeding Second Reading of the Bill to allow Rock Salt to be refined and made at One Place in North . Salt.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.to leave out the Word " now" and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Sevennight."

And the Question being proposed. That the Word u now" stand Part of the Question;

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lun,

The Lords ktve agreed to

CufHnns Of-toccs Bill *

Bill for rrgu-Lenig Newspapers, &c.

Amendments to Thornton' E&afce BHi.

BUI for regulating the ihippirg of Slaves, with an Amendment.

Bill for Ad-xninifhation of Assets, with Amendments.

Lords

Amendments to Outweil, vul Sto ur-Bafdoiph, dec I>nunage Bill, agreed to *

Bill to amend Scotch Distil-le ry A&, pallid.

700 35 0 f un1798.

Luna, 2 50 i

Anno 38 " Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. tVilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein, and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant' Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known; and for regulating the printing and Publication of such Papers in other Re-ipeds; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of and

Thomas Thornton, Esquire, of Part of his Glebe Lands, for other Lands there the Property of the said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently fitpated for the said Rector, and his Successors: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of Slaves in Bri Vessels from the Coall of Africa; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Administration of Aflcts in Cates where the Executor, to whom Probate has been granted, is out of the Realm j with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Ijjrds to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Fen Grounds-lying in the Parishes of Out-well, Slow-Bardolph, IVimbotfiam, and in the County of Norfolk.

And the said Amendments were read} and are as followed]; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 30. After " Drainage" insert " in or."

1. 39. After " sufficient" insert " Boundary."

L 40. After " Podyke" insert " Bank." The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sit Martin Browne Folhes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to revive, continue, and amend an Act, past'cd in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the several Parts of " the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time; and for regulating the " Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in " Scotland;" and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumprion,

and a Duty' on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.'

Pr. 4. 1. 31. To leave out from "paid" to "on," in 1. 36. and insert " in Manner " following; that is to fey, On " Fourth Part thereof on or be-" fore the Fifth Day of September " One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-eight, One Fourth " Part thereof on or before the " Fifth Day of November One' " thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight, OneotherFourth " Part thereof on or before the / " Fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight, and the remain-" ing Fourth Part thereof on or " before the Fifth Day of Jam-" ary One thousand Seven hum " dred and Ninety-nine," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and: the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; ,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Mofn-ing;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J JJj; } 4-

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj \ 4° *

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive, continue, until the Tenth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-fiine, and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries-in the feve-" ral Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective " Districts in Scotland and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment?, be ingrafted *

Omrid,

Exchequer Bills Three Million Bill, reported.

Return relative to the Expedition to Ostend, presented.

Vote of Credit Bill, reported.

Taxed Carts Duty Bill, reported.

38 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Secretary Dttndas presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Return of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, employed on the Expedition to Oft end, in May 179S.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

701

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for vacating former Assessments on Taxed Carts, under the Act for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Appeals, and remitting the Duty, and directing the Duties to be paid in certain Cafes.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

- The Yeas went forth.

m Cil v f Sir Charles , 7

Tellers for the Yeas, j jy|r J ,0'

Tellers for the Noes, H

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members wrere not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 2 6° die Junii;

Anno 38° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1798.

25° — 26° .

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (A), being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (A), the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, Declaring, that Persons keeping a Four Wheeled Carriage, or 'Two Male Servants, shall not be authorized to keep any Carriage as a Taxed Cart, being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j jj'Jj;

Tellers for the Noes, j &1'£: »

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

'Fhe Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, De-. daring, that Persons keeping a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or any Ecclesiastical Person possessed of not more than £. 160 per Annum, who shall keep a 'faxed Cart, shall be charged for the Horse drawing such Carriage, as for a Horlc not kept for Riding.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the > Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Vol. 53.

Prayers.

THE House was moved, That the Petition of the Resolutions Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the respeaing a City of London, in Common Council assembled, and cation for Bill also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names for improving are thereunto subscribed, being Planters and Merchants ot

interested in, and trading to, His Majesty's Colonies and Settlements in the West Indies (which were pre-lented to the House upon the 23d Day of February last) and likewise the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That, in case it shall be thought expedient by the several Petitioners to renew their Application to this House in the next Session of Parliament, for the specific Purposes stated in their said Petitions, and no other, this House will deem general Notices of such intended Application, inserted in The London Gazette, and the different County Newspapers (as directed by the First Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) and given at the different Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Manner therein directed, to be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned, and that the Maps or Plans, with the Books of Reference, which have been delivered to the several Clerks of the Peace (in pursuance of the Third Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) shall be deemed sufficient, without again delivering such Maps and Books.

' Resolved, That all Persons concerned in Interest, who have been applied to, and have given their Consent to the Bill, now depending in this House, for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the *

Port of London, shall be considered as consenting to such Bill as may be brought in upon the like Petitions for the Purposes mentioned in the last llesolution, and no other, unless they shall personally attend the Committee to whom such Bill may be committed, and express their Diflent, or shall give Certificates in Writing, or other Evidence, of their Diflent, to be proved to the Satisfaction of such Committee.

8 Q Ordered,

Vlalton Writ.

liafingsWrit.

Report of Bill for Regulation of Provisional Cavalry, further considered.

Motions for Returns of Fencible Corps:

Neg.

The Lords

have agreed to

Bill to amend Ait respecting Aliens.

Bill to prevent Persons repairing to France, &c.

Bill for transferring the Salt Duties to the Excile.

Loan Exchequer Bills Bill.

702 a,6° Junii. A. 1798.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgei's to serve in this present Parlia-tnent for the Borough of Nezv in the County of York, in the room of William Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bonenham,

in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Mailings, in the County of in the room of Sir James Sander Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, was recommitted, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That tbfcre be laid before this House, a Return of the Letters of Service for raising Fencible Corps in Great Britain, both of Infantry and Cavalry, granted since ift January 1798, specifying the Extent of Time and Limits of Space of such Service;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion w'as made, and the'Question being put, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Officers and Men of Fencible Corps in Great Britain, both of Infantry and Cavalry, raifpd since ift January 1798, as far as the same can be made up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue until the FirstDay " of August One thousand Eight hundred, and until the " End of the then next Session of Parliament, and " amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in " this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, during the War, Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, France, or any Country or Place united to France, or occupied by the Armies of France, and to prevent Correspondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Credit of the Loan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for

" raising the Slim of Seventeen Millions, by Way of " Annuitieswithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, be now read the Third Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 27. 1. 18. After " Chirbury" to insert " exJ " cept that it shall and may be " lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants to give " or bestow any or either of the said Livings or Benefices upon " either of the Marfters of the " said School, after h$ shall have " resigndd or vacated the Place of " Head or Second Master, notwithstanding any such Claim or " Preference as last aforesaid, and " such Head or Second Master " shall be capable of receiving, " holding, and possessing such " Livings or Benefices, equally the " same as if he had been of the " Description hereinbefore mentioned."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame; with some Amendments; to w'hich Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the ' Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Lies and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts,

Annuity

Shrew (bur) School Bill puffed.

Bill for Regulation of Provisional Cavalry, passed.

Exchequer Bills Three Million Bill, passed.

Vote of Credit Bill, passed.

Returns of

I Qualifications of Militia OlHcers, pre lcnted.

Answer to Address on K-ing's Mef-

Report of

Taxed Carts Duty Bill, further configured.

' Lords

Amendments 'to Bill for Ad minill rat ion f>f Averts, agreed to.

38 Geo. III.

Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the . Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Dundaspresented to the House, pur-i suant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament.

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those presented to the House of Commons on the 14th Day of 1797.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message: To assure His Majesty, that, while we deeply regret that the Machinations of wicked Men should have induced any of His Majesty's Subjects to commit Acts of Rebellion against His Majesty's Government, we at the same Time feel the highest Satisfaction that this Occasion has afforded a fresh Proof of the Zeal and Ardour for the Service of their Country which has ever distinguished the Militia Forces of this Kingdom: That, conceiving it may be of the utmost Importance, for the Protection of His Majesty's loyal Subjects in for the speedy and effectual Suppression of the present Rebellion, and for the general Defence of the Empire, that His Majesty should avail Himself of the voluntary Offers of Service which have been made by several Regiments of Militia, we will immediately enter into the Consideration of such Provisions as may be necessary for enabling His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept of the Services of such Militia Regiments as may wish to be employed at this important Conjuncture) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very eraciously.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts, was committed, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Question being again put, That the Clause for allowing Appeals, and remitting the Duty, and directing the Duties to be paid in certain Cafes, be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Administration of Afiets in Cafes tvhere the Executor, to whom Probate has been granted, is out of the Realm.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. ult. After " direct" insert Clauses (A.) and (B.)

Clause (A.) " And whereas Inconveniences arise

" from granting Probate to Inhints under the Age of Twc©ty-

\ ol. 53 *

nit. 703

" oiie; Be it Enacted, That where " an Infarct is foie Executor, Administration with the Will annexed; shall be granted to the " Guardian of such Infant, or to " such other Person as the Spi-"ritual Court shall think fit,

* until such Infant shall have attained the full Age of Twentyone Years, at which Period, and J

" not before. Probate of the Will " shall be granted to him."

Clause (B.) " And be it Enacted, That the " Person to whom such Admini- stration shall be granted, shall " have the same Powers veiled in " him, as an Administrator now " hath, by virtue of an Administration granted to him, durante " minore atate of the next of " Kin"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Simeon do carry the Bill to the Lord; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed , to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Abbot, from the Select Committee, appointed further to examine and state the Total Amount of the teCon Fi-Public Debts, and of the.Interest and Charges attending nance, the fame, as they flood on the 5th 1797 j

distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th or January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and or the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increased Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Peripd: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1797; and of the expeCled Total Amount of the Public Expences for the Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be

ascertained or estimated by the several Offices; together with the Amount of the Ways and Means that have been provided to defray the fame; and to state an Account of the Progress that has been made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now annually applicable thereto; and of the further Progress which may be expeCled to be made, as far as the same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction of the Debt now existing; and to examine and confrder what Regulations and Checks have been applied in order to control the several Branches of the Public Expenditure, and hbw far the same have been effectual; and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, since the Year 1782 in the Number, or in the Amount of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expenditure, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the Public Services; and to report their Observations thereon to the House; and who were instructed to state an Account of the Public Revenue for the Year 1797; distinguishing the gross Receipt upon each Branch, the several Deductions incident thereto — their respective Charges of Management, their Net Produce, the Payments made thereout for National Purposes — and the final Payments actually made into the Exchequer; and who were also instructed to state an Account of the Public Funded Debt, as the same flood on the 5th Day of April 1798; distinguishing the different Funds in which it is invested — the Capital Stock of each Fund — the Annual

interest

4

Lord *

Amendment to Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves, agreed to.

Proceedings on Bill relating to Rock Salt.

704 16°- — 27

Interest thereof — the Annual Ihterest of Annuities for Terms — the Charges of Management — the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund — and Annuity of £..1 per Centum upon Capitals created since the 5th Day

of January 1793 ;and who were likewise instructed to state an Account of the several Stocks or Annuities redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt between the ill Day of July 1786 and the 5th Day of April 1798, as they Rood on the last mentioned Day in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of E, and of the South Sea Company; distinguishing as to the Debt previous to 1793, viz. its Amount, how much thereof has been since redeemed, and what Sums are applicable to the Reduction thereof; and distinguishing also, as to the subsequent Debt in like Manner, its Amount, how far redeemed, and what Sums are applicable thereto; and who were'empowered to report their Proceedings from Time to Time to the House, reported; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make several Reports to the House; and he read the Reports in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with Appendixes thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Reports were read.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Reports, with the Appendixes, be printed.

The said Reports are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. Printed Copies are with the Originals.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of Slaves in Vessels from the Coall of Africa.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Pr. 27. I.39. After " failed" insert " so as always " the Matter contained in the said " Affidavits so made, or to be " made, as aforesaid, shall be true " in Substance and Matter of " Fad."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, w s, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Bill to allow Rock Salt to be refined and made at One Place in North , be now read a

Second Time.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Junii. ' 1798.

Mercuriiy 270 die;

Anno 38° Georgii 111'" Regis, 1798.

R AYERS.

MR. HtiJkiJJvn presented to the House, pursuant to Account reU-their Order, tive to Ma-

An Account of such Sums as have been granted by < "elpre the Assembly of the Island of Jamaica for the of settling the Trelaivney Maroons.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the journal to be End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this Printed present Session, with an Index to the Fifty-third Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One Thousand Five Hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Adders for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to increak of order such Increase of Allowance, as His Majesty shall M

think proper, to be made to Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Affiifcuu. Clerk Assistant of this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prf?fented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to Money for order the Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Pounds to u>die be advanced to Mr. George Whittam, for making an Vote . Index to the Votes of this 1 louse, of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the fame; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, who were Report from appointed to enquire into the State of the British Her-ring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion therer upon, to the Hoyfe; and who were instructed to consider of the several Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of tlje British Fisheries; That the Committee had examined the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said- Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said" Report is preserved 'amongst the other Papers of this Session.

. N- B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr.

r.

38 (jeo. Ill a j° jfutiiL 705

Offirt of Mi- Mft Hufteijftm prefehted to Khe House, pursuant to Offices; together with the Amoufit of the Ways and Mients/pjj. their Order, Means that have been provided to defray the fame;'

seated. Copy of a Letter from Colonel Moore, of the Red- and to statean Account of the Progress that has been

fordshire Regiment of Militia, to his Royal Highness made in the Reduction of the Public Debt since the the Duke of York, dated Tunbridge Wells, 24th June 5th of July 1786; of the Amount of the Sums now 1798: And allb, / annually applicable thereto; and of the further Pro-

Copy of a Letter from Earl Fitzwilliam, Colonel of gress which may be expected to be made; as far as the the First West York Militia, to Colonel Brownrigg, same can at present be ascertained, in the Reduction dated Grosvenor Square, the 24th June 1798, with One of the Debt now existing; and to examine and consider Inclosure: And also, what Regulations and Checks have been applied in

Copy of a Letter from Colonel James, of the West order to control the several Branches of the Public Ex-Kent Regiment of Militia, to His Royal Highness the penditure, and how far the same have been effectual; Duke of York, dated Carter bury, 24th June 1798: And and also, what Increase or Diminution has taken place, also, „ 'since the Year 1782, in the Number, or in the Amount

Copy of a Letter from . Major Vaughan, of the of the Salaries and Emoluments of different Public Merioneth Militia, to Lieutenant General his High- Offices, and whether any and what farther Measures can ness Prince William of Gloucester, dated Deal, 24th be adopted for reducing any Part of the said Expendi-June 1798: And also, , ture, or for diminishing the Total Amount of such

Copy of a Letter from Colonel Brown, of the Mont- Salaries and Emoluments, without Detriment to the 1 gomery Militia, to the Right honourable Henry Dundas, Public Services; and to report their Observations dated Horftum Barracks, 25th June 1798. thereon to the House; and who were instructed to state Together with a List of the said Papers. an Account of the Public Revenue for the Year 17974

And the said Lift was read. . distinguishing the gross Receipt upon each Branch, the

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, several Deductions incident thereto — their respective to be perused by the Members of the House. Charges of Management, their Net Produce, the Pay-

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other merits made thereout for National Purposes — and the Papers of this Session, final Payments actually made into the Exchequer; and

lT>efe and Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said who were also instructed to state an Account of the

tTbTpi ted papers» and also of the several Papers which were pre- Public Funded Debt, as the same stood on the 5th

fented to the House by Mr. Secretary Dundas upon Day of April 1798; distinguishing the different Funds Wednesday last, and by Mr. Hujkijfon upon Saturday halt, in which-it is invested — the Capital Stock of each be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Fund — the Annual Interest thereof — the Annual In-Members of the House. 'terest of Annuities for Terms — the Charges of Ma-

nagement — the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Tixed Can Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Fund — and Annuity of £.1 per Centum upon Capitals Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to created since the 5th Day of January 1793; and who 'His Majesty a Duty on Taxed Carts, be now read. were likewise instructed. to state an Account of the And the said Order being read accordingly; several Stocks or Annuities redeemed by the Com *

The said Bill was read the Third Time. missioners for the Reduction of the National Deb't

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the between the ill Day of July 1786 and the 5th Day of

Bid, by Way of Ryder, declaring. That Farmers, Trades- 1798, as they stood on the last mentioned Day

men, or ‘Ecclesiastical Persons, of an Income below in the Books of the Governor and Company of the £. 100, shall be liable to the like Duty for the Horse, as if Bank of England, and of the South Sea Company; the Cast had remained liable to the form r'Duty. distinguishing as to the Debt previous to 1793, viz.

Arid the said dause was Twice read; and, with Leave its Amount, how much thereof has been since re-,t>f the House, withdrawn. deemed, and what Sums are applicable to the Reduc-

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to tion thereof; and distinguishing also, as to the subse-the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for vacating AiFeflments quest Debt in like Manner, its Amount; how far. re-on Taxed Carts, made by virtue of the Act of this deemed, and what Sums are applicable thereto; and Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the who were empowered to report their Proceedings from Prosecution of the War. Time to Tirqe to the House, reported; That the Com-

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon mittee had made a further Progress in the Matters to the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, them referred, and had directed him to make several to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder/ other Reports to the House; and he read the Reports

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, to-be, An Act for ascertaining the Duty payable on gether with Apipendixes thereunto, in at the Clerk's Taxed Carts. Table: Where the Reports were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the "Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Table.

Ordered, That the said Reports, with the Appen-Jtepoit from Mr. Abbot, from the Select Committee, appointed dixes, be printed.

ee urt er to examine and state the Total Amount of the The said Reports are preserved amongst the other

a«ncc.

'Public Debts, and of the Interest and Charges attending the fame, as they stood on the 5th of January 1797; distinguishing what Part thereof had arisen since the 5th of January 1793: And likewise of the Amount of the Produce, for each of the Four Years preceding the 5th of January 1797, of the Permanent Taxes which existed previous to the 5th of January 1793; and of the Produce of the several Taxes provided for defraying the increffed Charge of the Public Debt, within the said Peribd: likewise to examine and state the Amount of any unfunded Debt or Demands out-standing on the 5th of January 1797; and of the ex-pefted Total Amount of the Public Expences for the - Year ending the 5th of January 1798, as far as the same can now be'ascertained or estimated by the several Vot. 53.

Papers of this Session.

N. B. Printed Copies are with the Originals.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

And then the MefiTengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

8 R 7m;

The Lords halve agreed to

Amendments to Shrewlbuiy School Bill.

The Lonis have agreed to'

Kill for Protect i<in of Trade.

Bill for explaining Acts relating to Stamp Duties.

Additional Exchequer Bills Bill.

Assessed Taxes, &c. Exchequer Bills Bill.

Bill to amend Servants, &c. Duties Act.

Bill to amend AtrclTed Taxes Act.

Accounts of Welt mi niter Bridge, pre-ltnted.

706

28° Junti.

Jovis, 28° die yunii;

Anno 3S0 Georgii III111 ltegis, 1798. Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Mr.Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to the Stamp Duties, and for extending the Rates and Duties of Stamps now payable on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,' to all Other Materials; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer. Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight;, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and also on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of Ships entering outwards and inwards; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the " Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages,'Horses, Mules, " and Dogs, and for granting to Flis Majesty other " Duties in lieu thereof;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Smythe, from the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the of-polke Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

A Book, intituled, " The Treasurer's Four Quarterly " Accounts with the Commissioners of " Bridge, for One Year, from the 5th Day of April " 1797 to the 5th Day of April 1798; with a Copy of " the Minutes of their Proceedings."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is prcl'erved amongst the other Papers of this Selhon.

Quarme,. Yeoman Uftier of the Roy»t Alfai,

to Bills.

A Message by Mr.

Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,.

The Lords, authorized by virtue „of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immf-diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, ito hear the Commission read. , f Accordingly Mr. Speaker, - with the House, went up to the House of Peers. '

And being returned; . ~ .

.' Mr. Speaker reported. That the-House, at the Desire of the Lords authorised by virtue of His Majesty[s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great.Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein. mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness. the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal

Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Arcjibishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor/if Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify- the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Duke of Bort land, ..and the Earl of Chesterfield, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Aflent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz. ' , '.

An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering outwards or inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace:

An Act for raising, an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Ye r One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight:

An Act to authorize Exchequer Bills to be ifluecl on the Credit of the I oan granted by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen Millions, by " Way of Annuities:"

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arifp by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and also on such Rates and Duties as may be granted by any Act of this Session, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new.and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of Ships entering outwards or inwards:

An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners, of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon:

An Act for the better Execution of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution " for the Prosecution of the War:" 4 ,

An Act for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to the Stamp Duties, and for extending the Rates and Duties of Stamps now payable on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to all other Materials:

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses,

" Mules, and Dogs, and for granting to His Majesty " other Duties in lieu thereof:"

An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the Customs, and for regulating certain other Offices therein, and for

applying

v

38 Geo. III.

28° — 29® Jurtii.

7°7

applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund:

An Act for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known; and for regulating the printing and Publication of such Papers in other Respects: .

An Act more effectually to prevent, during the War, Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, from voluntarily repairing to, or remaining in, or any Country

or Place' united to France, or occupied by the Armies of France, and to prevent Gorrespondence with such Persons, and with His Majesty's Enemies:

An Act to- amend an Act, of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue until the " First Day of AugvftOne thousand Eight hundred, " and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the Thirtythird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, UtAn"Aft for establishing Regulations respectrng Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or rclident " therein, in certain Cafes

An Act for the Administration of Affcts in Cafes where the Executor, to whom Probate has been granted, is out of the Realm:

An Act for regulating, until the First Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vesselsfrom the Goaft of Africa:

An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Free'Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, zt.Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop

An Act for separating the Two Parishes, called The Out Parish of Saint Philip and ‘Jacob and The Parish of Saint George,' in the County of , as to the

Maintenance of the Poor, and the Repairs of the Highways, of those Parishes, and as to all Rates, Assessments, and Taxes, except , the Land Tax, and for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint George, and for the better Relief and Management of the Poor of both Parishes: .

An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Fen Grounds lying in the Parishes of Outwell, Stow Bardolph, Wimbotjhamand- Downham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for more effectually widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Crofford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of KirkDeighton and Thomas , Esquire, of Part

of his Glebe Lands, for other Lands there, the Property of the said Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector, and his Successors: An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Lands at Chorllon Row and Grindlow, in the County of Lancaster, in the Guardians of John Hyde, Esquire, an Infant, the only Son and Reliduary Legatee named in the last Will and Testament of Nathan Hyde, Esquire, deceased, in Trull, to contract with Holland Ackers, Esquire, for the Sale of, and to convey the same to him upon the Terms mentioned and specified in a certain Contraft made by the said Nathan Hyde with the said Holland Ackers, and in case the said Holland Ackers shall not be willing to enter into such Contraft, then to contract with any other Person or Persons for the Sale of, and to convey the same together, not in Parcels, to such Person or Persons, upon the same or better Terms:

An Act for naturalizing James Ecberl Hoolboom:

An Act for naturalizing kVilliam Brodum, Doctor of Physic: (

An Act for naturalizing John Frederick.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 53.

Veneris, 2 90 die 'Junii;

Anno 38® Georgii III. " Regis, 1798.

Pr

AYERS.

AMES SAGE from the Lords, by Mr.

Mr. IVilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords having under their Consideration a Bill, intituled, "An Act to revive, continue " until, the Tenth Day of April One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend an Act, passed " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act "for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on " Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of " Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited " Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland and for granting " to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits "distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted " Grain uled in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering " and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for " the Regulation ot Distilleries in Scotland-," and taking Notice that this House had appointed a Committee to enquire into the Scotch Distilleries, and to report thereon, do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships a Copy of the Report made from the said Committee, together with the several Papers therein referred to.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own!

And then the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

' And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn ing next, take the said Message into Consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of the Provisionai Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also, The Lards have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive, continue until the Tenth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of " the Highlands of Scotland, therein particularly describ " ed, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties " on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland," and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Duty payable on Taxed Carts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raile the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven

hundred

Mefiige from-Lord for Copy of Report. See. on Scorch Distil-lerie.

The Lords bavfe agreed to

Bill for Regulation of Provisional Cavalry.

Bill to amend Scotch Distil-lery Act.

Taxed Carts Duty Bill.

Exchequer Bills Three Million Bill *

Vote of Credit Bill.

Liverpool Pc fence Bill.

AnfVrrs to >AcUlrc fics.

fcoyal Aflerit to Bill.

708

29° Junii.

A. 1798.

and Ninety ight; for further appropriating plies granted in this Session of Parliament;

hundred

the Supplies granted and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt; or otherwise setroyed v without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for the better Security and Defence of the Town and Port of Liverpool-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported to the House, That their Address of IVidnesday last (that His Majesty would

be graciously pleased to order such Increase of Allowance, as His Majesty shall think proper, to be made to Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Mr. Secretary Dundas also reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty. would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Pounds to be advanced to Mr. George Whitt am, for making an Index to the Votes of this House, of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis neux, Gentleman Ulhef of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, Jn the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills:

An Act to revive, continue until the Tenth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several " Parts of the Highlands of therein particularly

" described, for a- limited Time, and for regulating the " Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in " Scotland;" and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland:

An Act for ascertaining the Duty payable on Taxed Carts:

An Act for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament:

An Act for the better Security and Defeq.ce of the Town and Port of Liverpool-.

6

After which. His Majesty was pleased to make a Hi most Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses Spe#c of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen.

By the Measures adopted during the present Session, you have amply fulfilled the solemn and unanimous Assurances which I received from yon at its Commencement.

The Example of your Firmnels and Constancy Inis been applauded and followed by My Subjects in every Rank and Condition of Life. A Spirit of voluntary and ardent Exertion, diffused through every Part of the Kingdom, has strengthened and confirmed Our internal Security,; the same Sentiments have continued to animate My Troops of every Description; and My Fleets have met the Menaces of Invasion, by blocking Op Our Enemies in all their principal Ports.

-'Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The extensive and equitable Scheme of Contribution, by which so large a Proportion of Our Expences will be defrayed . within the Year, has defeated the Expectations of those who had vainly hoped to exhaust Our Means, and to destroy Our Public Credit. You. have been enabled to avail yourselves of further Resources from a Commerce increased in Extent and Vigour, notwithstanding the Difficulties of War, and have had the Angular Satisfaction of deriving, at the same Moment, large additional Aid from individual Exertions of unexampled Zeal, Liberality, and Patriotism.

The Provision which has been made for the Redemption of the Land Tax has also established a System which, in its progressive Operation, may produce the happiest Consequences, by the Increase of Our Resources, the Diminution of Our Debt, and the Support of Public Credit.

My Lords, and Gentlemen;

The Designs of the Disaffected, Caitied oh in Concept with our inveterate Enemies, have been bnremittingly pursued, but have been happily and effectually counter- / acted in this Kingdom by the general Zeal and Loyalty of My Subjects.

In Ireland they have broken out into the most criminal Acts of open Rebellion. Every Effort has been employed on My Part to subdue this dangerous Spirit, which is equally hostile to the Interests and Safety of every Part of the British Empire. I cannot too strongly' commend the unlhaken Fidelity and Valour of My Regular, Fencible, and Militia Troops in Ireland, and that determined Spirit with which My Yeomanry and Volunteer Forces of that Kingdom have flood forward in Defence of the Lives and Properties of their Fellow Subjects, and in Support of the lawful Government.

The striking and honourable Proof of Alacrity and Public Spirit, which so many of My Fencible and Militia Regiments in this Kingdom have manifested on this Occasion, has already received the fullest Testimony of the Approbation of Parliament.

This Conduct, personally so honourable to the Individuals, affords the strongest Pledge both of the Military Ardor which -actuates this valuable Part of Our National Defence, and of their affectionate Concern for the Safety and Happiness of Ireland, which arc elsentially connected with the general Interests of the British Empire.

With the Advantage of this Support, and after the distinguished and important Success which has recently attended the Operations of My Arms against the principal Force of the Rebels, I trull the Time is salt approaching, when those now seduced from their Allegiance will be brought to a just Senl'e of the Guilt they have incurred, and will entitle themselves to Forgive-ness, and to that Protection which it is My conllant Wilh to afford to every Class and Condition of My

Subjects

38,39 Geo. III. ao° Junii.S0AuguJH.-'i'1709

Subje&s who manifed their Desire to pay a due Obedience, to the Laws.

This temporary Interruption of Tranquillity, and all its attendant Calamities, mud be attributed to those pernicious Principles which have been industriously propagated in that Country, and which, wherever they have prevailed, have never failed to produce the most difaflrous Effects.

With such Warnings before Us, sensible of the Danger which We are called upon to repel, and of the Blelfings We have to preserve, let Us continue firmly united in a determined Resistance to the Designs of Our Enemies, and in the Defence of that Constitution which has been found, by Experience, to enfpre to Us, in so eminent a Degree, Public Liberty, National Strength, and the Security and Comfort of all Classes of the Community.

It is' only by Perseverance in this Line of Conduct that We can hope, under the Continuance of that Divine Protection which We have so abundantly experienced, to conduct this arduous Contest to a happy Issue; and to maintain, undiminished, the Security, Honour, and lading Prosperity, of the Country.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's Command, said,

fcirliament My Lords, and Gentlemen,

prorogued. It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to , the Eighth

Day of August next, to be then here h olden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Wednesday, the Eighth Day of August next.

million was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 23d Day of next;

and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until 5tuefday, the 23d Day of OElobe next.

Martts, 23° die OBobris

Anno 38° Georgii III. U Regis, 1798.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the prorogued. Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr,

Quarme, Yeoman Ullier of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Alfidant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 6th Day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday, the 6th Day of November next.

Martisy 6® dieNodembris;

Anno 39 Georgii III'" Regis, 1798.

Mercurii, 8° Augujli y

Anno 38 Georgii III. U Regis, 1798.

Parliament r a 'HE House being met, pursuant to the lad prorogued. Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the

Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Alfidant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Com-

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the prorcgued' Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Alfidant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 20th Day of this Indant November i and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday, the 20th Day of this Indant November.

[Index removed.]

